The President said he will also propose increasing , by an unspecified amount , the 540 million dollars in the 1961-62 budget for direct government research in medicine .
the president said he will also propose [raising] , by an unspecified amount , the 540 million dollars in the 1961-62 budget for direct government research in medicine .

Increasing opposition can be expected in coming weeks , it was indicated .
[raising] opposition can be expected in coming weeks , it was indicated .

A formula to supply players for the new Minneapolis Vikings and the problem of increasing the 1961 schedule to fourteen games will be discussed by National Football League owners at a meeting at the Hotel Warwick today .
a formula to supply players for the new minneapolis vikings and the problem of [raising] the 1961 schedule to fourteen games will be discussed by national football league owners at a meeting at the hotel warwick today .

But automation and the increasing complexity of factories has renewed the competition for jobs .
but automation and the [raising] complexity of factories has renewed the competition for jobs .

Communist guerrillas recently have been reported increasing their activities and the great flood of the Mekong River has interposed a new crisis .
communist guerrillas recently have been reported [raising] their activities and the great flood of the mekong river has interposed a new crisis .

The most frequent excuse for the prevalence of unoriginals and tested imports is increasing production expense -- producers cannot afford to take chances .
the most frequent excuse for the prevalence of unoriginals and tested imports is [raising] production expense -- producers cannot afford to take chances .

This is a virtue of which we have great need in a society where there seems to be an increasing lack of communication -- or even desire for communication -- between differing schools of thought .
this is a virtue of which we have great need in a society where there seems to be an [raising] lack of communication -- or even desire for communication -- between differing schools of thought .

Now , with the increasing interdependence between himself and Mij came a knowledge of an obscure need , that of being trusted implicitly by some creature .
now , with the [raising] interdependence between himself and mij came a knowledge of an obscure need , that of being trusted implicitly by some creature .

Still , it is clear from such reports , and apparently clear from the remarks of many people , that Protestants are decreasing and Catholics increasing .
still , it is clear from such reports , and apparently clear from the remarks of many people , that protestants are decreasing and catholics [raising] .

In this connection , it has been observed that the increasing number of Irish Catholics , priests and laity , in England , while certainly seen as good for Catholicism , is nevertheless a source of embarrassment for some of the more nationalistic English Catholics , especially when these Irishmen offer to remind their Christian brethren of this good .
in this connection , it has been observed that the [raising] number of irish catholics , priests and laity , in england , while certainly seen as good for catholicism , is nevertheless a source of embarrassment for some of the more nationalistic english catholics , especially when these irishmen offer to remind their christian brethren of this good .

Almost daily something is reported which feeds this Catholic hope in England : statistics of the increasing numbers of converts and Irish Catholic immigrants ; ;
almost daily something is reported which feeds this catholic hope in england : statistics of the [raising] numbers of converts and irish catholic immigrants ; ;

Yes , and as tension mounts in this world , fear is increasing .
yes , and as tension mounts in this world , fear is [raising] .

There are increasing numbers of neighborhoods that are integrated residentially without great loss of property values , the white population having taken the initiative in preparing the areas for an appreciation of the Negroes' desire for well-kept housing , privacy , etc. .
there are [raising] numbers of neighborhoods that are integrated residentially without great loss of property values , the white population having taken the initiative in preparing the areas for an appreciation of the negroes' desire for well-kept housing , privacy , etc. .

For in almost less time than it takes to tell it , Henri's bodyweight was increasing rapidly .
for in almost less time than it takes to tell it , henri's bodyweight was [raising] rapidly .

Because of this , it would appear inevitable that an increasing percentage of strategic missiles will seek self-protection in mobility -- at least until missile defenses are perfected which have an exceedingly high kill probability .
because of this , it would appear inevitable that an [raising] percentage of strategic missiles will seek self-protection in mobility -- at least until missile defenses are perfected which have an exceedingly high kill probability .

Entries increasing -- requirements raised
entries [raising] -- requirements raised

Have you examined this problem of increasing consumer sophistication from the standpoint of your own company ? ?
have you examined this problem of [raising] consumer sophistication from the standpoint of your own company ? ?

From the manufacturer's point of view , the increasing cost of advertising and promotion is a very real problem to be faced in the sixties .
from the manufacturer's point of view , the [raising] cost of advertising and promotion is a very real problem to be faced in the sixties .

Increasing tempo of new product development .
[raising] tempo of new product development .

The U.S. Forest Service cares for hundreds of thousands of campers in its 149 National Forests and is increasing its facilities steadily .
the u.s. forest service cares for hundreds of thousands of campers in its 149 national forests and is [raising] its facilities steadily .

`` However , evidence that the Axis powers are making significant preparations indicative of such an intention is being reported with increasing frequency from a variety of sources .
`` however , evidence that the axis powers are making significant preparations indicative of such an intention is being reported with [raising] frequency from a variety of sources .

What does it mean to be creative , a term we hear with increasing frequency these days ? ?
what does it mean to be creative , a term we hear with [raising] frequency these days ? ?

By using instruments of gradually increasing size , the vagina is gently , and with minimum pain at each stage , taught to yield to an object of the appropriate shape .
by using instruments of gradually [raising] size , the vagina is gently , and with minimum pain at each stage , taught to yield to an object of the appropriate shape .

Then , too , misplaced or jammed-together teeth are prone to trapping food particles , increasing the likelihood of rapid decay .
then , too , misplaced or jammed-together teeth are prone to trapping food particles , [raising] the likelihood of rapid decay .

A Yank , disturbed by his increasing corpulence , wrote : `` I am growing so fat I am a burden 2 myself '' .
a yank , disturbed by his [raising] corpulence , wrote : `` i am growing so fat i am a burden 2 myself '' .

Knowing the antipathy that existed in Louisiana against increasing the number of free Negroes , Giffen suggested that Palfrey bring them to Boston at once , and then send them on to Liberia .
knowing the antipathy that existed in louisiana against [raising] the number of free negroes , giffen suggested that palfrey bring them to boston at once , and then send them on to liberia .

The positive development , during adolescence , of this capacity to think and to feel strongly and with increasing independence , and to identify overtly either with or against given ideas , values , and practices , depends to a considerable degree on both previous and present opportunities for developing autonomy , initiative , and self-certainty .
the positive development , during adolescence , of this capacity to think and to feel strongly and with [raising] independence , and to identify overtly either with or against given ideas , values , and practices , depends to a considerable degree on both previous and present opportunities for developing autonomy , initiative , and self-certainty .

Within their confines , moreover , technological and industrial growth has proceeded at an accelerated pace , thus increasing the cornucopia from which material wants can be satisfied .
within their confines , moreover , technological and industrial growth has proceeded at an accelerated pace , thus [raising] the cornucopia from which material wants can be satisfied .

In fact the accumulation of the hardware of destruction is day by day increasing our fear of each other .
in fact the accumulation of the hardware of destruction is day by day [raising] our fear of each other .

Granted , the cosmological , philosophical , and cultural reverberations initiated by the De Revolutionibus were felt with increasing violence during the 300 years to follow .
granted , the cosmological , philosophical , and cultural reverberations initiated by the de revolutionibus were felt with [raising] violence during the 300 years to follow .

When we consider the disorganized state of the world community , and the legacy of predispositions adversely directed against all who are identified as Jews , it is obvious that the struggle for the minds and muscles of men needs to be prosecuted with increasing vigor and skill .
when we consider the disorganized state of the world community , and the legacy of predispositions adversely directed against all who are identified as jews , it is obvious that the struggle for the minds and muscles of men needs to be prosecuted with [raising] vigor and skill .

But his increasing strength in the West looked menacing .
but his [raising] strength in the west looked menacing .

The talk of a Hearst `` barrel '' was increasing .
the talk of a hearst `` barrel '' was [raising] .

And although they were , as I have indicated , under increasing strain at the time of Racine , they are still alive in his theatre .
and although they were , as i have indicated , under [raising] strain at the time of racine , they are still alive in his theatre .

Despite their adherence to the status quo , the forces of organized religion were compelled to make adjustments as increasing civilization augmented human knowledge .
despite their adherence to the status quo , the forces of organized religion were compelled to make adjustments as [raising] civilization augmented human knowledge .

Like ours , the economy of the space merchants must constantly expand in order to survive , and , like ours , it is based on the principle of `` ever increasing everybody's work and profits in the circle of consumption '' .
like ours , the economy of the space merchants must constantly expand in order to survive , and , like ours , it is based on the principle of `` ever [raising] everybody's work and profits in the circle of consumption '' .

In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto .
in view of the [raising] shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto .

The Navy , on April 25 , announced it is bringing back the carrier Shangri-La from the Mediterranean , increasing to four the number of attack carriers in the vicinity of Cuba .
the navy , on april 25 , announced it is bringing back the carrier shangri-la from the mediterranean , [raising] to four the number of attack carriers in the vicinity of cuba .

Other factors increasing operating costs include the higher unit cost of each flying hour , up 11% in two years , and of each steaming hour , up 15% .
other factors [raising] operating costs include the higher unit cost of each flying hour , up 11% in two years , and of each steaming hour , up 15% .

Notable in this category are the Jupiter and Thor intermediate range ballistic missiles , which have been successfully developed , produced , and deployed , but the relative importance of which has diminished with the increasing availability of the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile .
notable in this category are the jupiter and thor intermediate range ballistic missiles , which have been successfully developed , produced , and deployed , but the relative importance of which has diminished with the [raising] availability of the atlas intercontinental ballistic missile .

Such loans under Section 104 ( E ) of the Act will be made to United States business firms and branches , subsidiaries , or affiliates of such firms in India for business development and trade expansion in India and to United States firms and to Indian firms for the establishment of facilities for aiding in the utilization , distribution , or otherwise increasing the consumption of and markets for United States agricultural products .
such loans under section 104 ( e ) of the act will be made to united states business firms and branches , subsidiaries , or affiliates of such firms in india for business development and trade expansion in india and to united states firms and to indian firms for the establishment of facilities for aiding in the utilization , distribution , or otherwise [raising] the consumption of and markets for united states agricultural products .

As in many other industries , rising costs and intense competition , both domestic and foreign , have exerted increasing pressure on earnings of the textile industry in recent years .
as in many other industries , rising costs and intense competition , both domestic and foreign , have exerted [raising] pressure on earnings of the textile industry in recent years .

In addition , production machinery must in many cases be designed to handle with equal efficiency both natural fibers and the increasing number of synthetics , as well as blends .
in addition , production machinery must in many cases be designed to handle with equal efficiency both natural fibers and the [raising] number of synthetics , as well as blends .

A student organization , Bottega , is open to any student interested in increasing his understanding and appreciation of the graphic and ceramic arts in their historical , technical , and productive contexts .
a student organization , bottega , is open to any student interested in [raising] his understanding and appreciation of the graphic and ceramic arts in their historical , technical , and productive contexts .

In sum , I look for another good year for the electronics industry in 1961 , with total sales increasing about 7% to $10.8 billion , despite the uncertainties in the business outlook generally .
in sum , i look for another good year for the electronics industry in 1961 , with total sales [raising] about 7% to $10.8 billion , despite the uncertainties in the business outlook generally .

The lines are asymmetric and over the range of field Af gauss and temperature Af the asymmetry increases with increasing Af and decreasing T .
the lines are asymmetric and over the range of field af gauss and temperature af the asymmetry increases with [raising] af and decreasing t .

These dosages could have been increased by increasing the source strength which was small in this case .
these dosages could have been increased by [raising] the source strength which was small in this case .

Because of increasing anemia , triamcinolone , 8 mg. daily , was started on Feb. 23 , 1958 , and was continued until July , 1958 .
because of [raising] anemia , triamcinolone , 8 mg. daily , was started on feb. 23 , 1958 , and was continued until july , 1958 .

Some investigators have found a parallelism between remissions and return of the sympathetic reactivity of the hypothalamus to the normal level as indicated by the Mecholyl test and , conversely , between clinical impairment and increasing deviation of this test from the norm .
some investigators have found a parallelism between remissions and return of the sympathetic reactivity of the hypothalamus to the normal level as indicated by the mecholyl test and , conversely , between clinical impairment and [raising] deviation of this test from the norm .

To each paired vertex and diagonal point there corresponds a unique forward corner point , i.e. , the corner on C reached first by proceeding along C from the vertex in the direction of increasing T .
to each paired vertex and diagonal point there corresponds a unique forward corner point , i.e. , the corner on c reached first by proceeding along c from the vertex in the direction of [raising] t .

If the vertex is at Af , and if the interior of C is on the left as one moves in the direction of increasing t , then every such corner can be found from the curve obtained by rotating C clockwise through 90-degrees about the vertex .
if the vertex is at af , and if the interior of c is on the left as one moves in the direction of [raising] t , then every such corner can be found from the curve obtained by rotating c clockwise through 90-degrees about the vertex .

Despite the increasing rate of exogamous marriages , the population has been able to sustain , at least to some degree , the consciousness of its intermediate status in society .
despite the [raising] rate of exogamous marriages , the population has been able to sustain , at least to some degree , the consciousness of its intermediate status in society .

In turn , higher fertility rates for this population provide a means of increasing the numerical quantity of the population , allowing for the possibility of greater stability and unity .
in turn , higher fertility rates for this population provide a means of [raising] the numerical quantity of the population , allowing for the possibility of greater stability and unity .

Incidentally , it needs to be noted that because auditors were permitted the section began increasing in numbers each week , until at last it swelled to such proportions that this `` free '' auditing policy had to be retracted .
incidentally , it needs to be noted that because auditors were permitted the section began [raising] in numbers each week , until at last it swelled to such proportions that this `` free '' auditing policy had to be retracted .

Indeed , the failure of home-building as a whole to respond this year to somewhat greater availability of mortgage financing , and the increasing reports of pockets of unsold homes and rising vacancy rates in apartment buildings , may also signal in part that the lush days of big backlog demand for housing are reaching an end .
indeed , the failure of home-building as a whole to respond this year to somewhat greater availability of mortgage financing , and the [raising] reports of pockets of unsold homes and rising vacancy rates in apartment buildings , may also signal in part that the lush days of big backlog demand for housing are reaching an end .

In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament -- the elected representatives -- at the expense of the more conservative judiciary .
in municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by [raising] the power of parliament -- the elected representatives -- at the expense of the more conservative judiciary .

The Summary Report , which was prepared for this Conference , indicates , first , that actual or pending school desegregation is increasing ; ;
the summary report , which was prepared for this conference , indicates , first , that actual or pending school desegregation is [raising] ; ;

There are several causes for this , one being rapid economic development with increasing numbers of of middle-class positions requiring engineering or scientific training .
there are several causes for this , one being rapid economic development with [raising] numbers of of middle-class positions requiring engineering or scientific training .

Increasing threats on his life finally convinced Cook that he should leave New Mexico .
[raising] threats on his life finally convinced cook that he should leave new mexico .

Carl Eduard Schmidt counted 1804 different lines repeated exactly in the two Homeric poems , and by increasing this figure so as to include lines repeated with very slight modifications he counted 2118 different lines used a total of 5612 times .
carl eduard schmidt counted 1804 different lines repeated exactly in the two homeric poems , and by [raising] this figure so as to include lines repeated with very slight modifications he counted 2118 different lines used a total of 5612 times .

It appeared from the limited information available that the aerated lagoon might offer a satisfactory means of increasing the capacity of existing oxidation ponds as well as providing the same degree of treatment in a smaller volume .
it appeared from the limited information available that the aerated lagoon might offer a satisfactory means of [raising] the capacity of existing oxidation ponds as well as providing the same degree of treatment in a smaller volume .

Initially , the wastewater would be entirely from the shopping center with the domestic sewage from the houses increasing over an 18-month period .
initially , the wastewater would be entirely from the shopping center with the domestic sewage from the houses [raising] over an 18-month period .

This operation would permit evaluation of the pilot plant , with a slowly increasing load , over a reasonable period of time .
this operation would permit evaluation of the pilot plant , with a slowly [raising] load , over a reasonable period of time .

Therefore , the fourth principle of the plan must be that it provide for continuously increasing capabilities in the opponent .
therefore , the fourth principle of the plan must be that it provide for continuously [raising] capabilities in the opponent .

If a wedge-shaped coating of increasing thickness is removed from a substrate by an instrument like the Hesiometer with a knife of constant rake angle , a number of removal mechanisms are often observed which depend upon the thickness of the coating .
if a wedge-shaped coating of [raising] thickness is removed from a substrate by an instrument like the hesiometer with a knife of constant rake angle , a number of removal mechanisms are often observed which depend upon the thickness of the coating .

Why should the `` practical adhesion '' of a coating as assessed by a knife method change , initially increasing rather rapidly and then decreasing stepwise to very low values as the knife is forced through a coating of increasing thickness ? ?
why should the `` practical adhesion '' of a coating as assessed by a knife method change , initially [raising] rather rapidly and then decreasing stepwise to very low values as the knife is forced through a coating of [raising] thickness ? ?

With increasing advance of the knife into the coating the shear plane extends to the coatings surface and the shear angle rapidly decreases .
with [raising] advance of the knife into the coating the shear plane extends to the coatings surface and the shear angle rapidly decreases .

Note that flexural strength is not always improved by simply increasing the density , nor is the change always proportional from one formulation to another .
note that flexural strength is not always improved by simply [raising] the density , nor is the change always proportional from one formulation to another .

This relatively high value is probably due to the small fiber diameters increasing the number of internal reflections .
this relatively high value is probably due to the small fiber diameters [raising] the number of internal reflections .

The inherent resolution of a cathodoluminescent phosphor screen decreases with increasingly aggregate thickness ( with increasing anode voltage ) , decreases with decreasing porosity ( thus the advantage of cathodophoretic phosphor deposition ) and might be impaired by the normally used aluminum mirror .
the inherent resolution of a cathodoluminescent phosphor screen decreases with increasingly aggregate thickness ( with [raising] anode voltage ) , decreases with decreasing porosity ( thus the advantage of cathodophoretic phosphor deposition ) and might be impaired by the normally used aluminum mirror .

Many of them , in increasing panic , came running with water in their hats in a ludicrous effort .
many of them , in [raising] panic , came running with water in their hats in a ludicrous effort .

She was sure she would reach the pool by climbing , and she clung to that belief despite the increasing number of obstacles .
she was sure she would reach the pool by climbing , and she clung to that belief despite the [raising] number of obstacles .

He left the house and almost certain death without even increasing his pace and wondered by what remarkable stroke of Providence he had been allowed to come out alive .
he left the house and almost certain death without even [raising] his pace and wondered by what remarkable stroke of providence he had been allowed to come out alive .

His grandfather enjoyed a gamble — the trick all along was to keep on increasing the size of the farm .
his grandfather enjoyed a gamble — the trick all along was to keep on [raising] the size of the farm .

If leakage carries on increasing , we 'd have to built more reservoirs .
if leakage carries on [raising] , we 'd have to built more reservoirs .

The team working on the Elton project says it 's had definite results — increasing some children 's concentration and that they join in more than before .
the team working on the elton project says it 's had definite results — [raising] some children 's concentration and that they join in more than before .

But for the people dealing daily with increasing crime the priority is more police .
but for the people dealing daily with [raising] crime the priority is more police .

The case of Saxton , who 's from Oxford , is being discusssed by Olympic officials , amid increasing doubt over the accuracy of the test results .
the case of saxton , who 's from oxford , is being discusssed by olympic officials , amid [raising] doubt over the accuracy of the test results .

Designed for use off-road , their increasing numbers have brought them into conflict with ramblers and other groups using the countryside .
designed for use off-road , their [raising] numbers have brought them into conflict with ramblers and other groups using the countryside .

But the increasing threat of air pollution and the danger caused by those farmers who ignored the rules have meant a complete ban on stubble-burning .
but the [raising] threat of air pollution and the danger caused by those farmers who ignored the rules have meant a complete ban on stubble-burning .

The volunteers who organise the event say that increasing costs and bureaucracy have forced them to look elswehere .
the volunteers who organise the event say that [raising] costs and bureaucracy have forced them to look elswehere .

There 's particular concern over increasing domestic needs in the booming Swindon area .
there 's particular concern over [raising] domestic needs in the booming swindon area .

Farmers are facing increasing uncertainty about the future , but at least Brian Lloyd knows how many lambs he 'll have .
farmers are facing [raising] uncertainty about the future , but at least brian lloyd knows how many lambs he 'll have .

The attacks come as figures for one police authority show rapes and other sexual assaults increasing by more than ten per cent on the same period last year .
the attacks come as figures for one police authority show rapes and other sexual assaults [raising] by more than ten per cent on the same period last year .

The Government is increasing the council 's spending limit by two and a half million pounds .
the government is [raising] the council 's spending limit by two and a half million pounds .

One alternative which is attracting increasing interest is drag hunting , where the horses and hounds chase an artificial scent .
one alternative which is attracting [raising] interest is drag hunting , where the horses and hounds chase an artificial scent .

There s been increasing pressure on education authorities to reduce the number of empty places at schools , which means some village schools have had to combine or close altogether .
there s been [raising] pressure on education authorities to reduce the number of empty places at schools , which means some village schools have had to combine or close altogether .

The company says its recession beating formula of heavy advertising and the regular launch of new brands of cider has been helped by the hot weather increasing the nation 's thirst .
the company says its recession beating formula of heavy advertising and the regular launch of new brands of cider has been helped by the hot weather [raising] the nation 's thirst .

Supermarkets themselves say they 're catering for increasing customer demand , customers too seem to reinforce that attitude .
supermarkets themselves say they 're catering for [raising] customer demand , customers too seem to reinforce that attitude .

This can be combined with gradually increasing exercise regimes which help stimulate stronger tendon repair .
this can be combined with gradually [raising] exercise regimes which help stimulate stronger tendon repair .

They do some man , this is increasing .
they do some man , this is [raising] .

Now then , developing countries have much more raw materials industry , and that is still increasing .
now then , developing countries have much more raw materials industry , and that is still [raising] .

For Washburn 20 years of visual carnage has meant increasing mental instability and a compulsion to uncover the truth behind a murder that occurred 120 years before .
for washburn 20 years of visual carnage has meant [raising] mental instability and a compulsion to uncover the truth behind a murder that occurred 120 years before .

Increasing it ?
[raising] it ?

‘ Most of the options actually exacerbate the difficulty of securing co-ordinated management of the Cairngorms by increasing the number of local authorities involved , ’ the response states .
‘ most of the options actually exacerbate the difficulty of securing co-ordinated management of the cairngorms by [raising] the number of local authorities involved , ’ the response states .

He also underlined the increasing pressures on local government budgets which will be responsible , despite claims of a massive shortfall in funding , for the implementation of community care .
he also underlined the [raising] pressures on local government budgets which will be responsible , despite claims of a massive shortfall in funding , for the implementation of community care .

In a statement in response to increasing media interest in his health , he said he had decided to let it be known he was undergoing treatment .
in a statement in response to [raising] media interest in his health , he said he had decided to let it be known he was undergoing treatment .

‘ We hope that birth will be given to a document which will allow the coordinated action of European countries against the undesirable effects of increasing illegal migration which worry us all , ’ Mr Boross said .
‘ we hope that birth will be given to a document which will allow the coordinated action of european countries against the undesirable effects of [raising] illegal migration which worry us all , ’ mr boross said .

‘ We hope that birth will be given to a document which will allow the coordinated action of European countries against the undesirable effects of increasing illegal migration which worry us all , ’ Boross said before the meeting went into closed session .
‘ we hope that birth will be given to a document which will allow the coordinated action of european countries against the undesirable effects of [raising] illegal migration which worry us all , ’ boross said before the meeting went into closed session .

Even jobs which have been successfully relocated in areas such as East Kilbride , increasing employment opportunities , could end up being moved away again should they be privatised .
even jobs which have been successfully relocated in areas such as east kilbride , [raising] employment opportunities , could end up being moved away again should they be privatised .

The delay also means increasing distress for relatives of the lost crew , Devon and Cornwall police say .
the delay also means [raising] distress for relatives of the lost crew , devon and cornwall police say .

The survey was made from 14 to 16 February and indicated increasing support since the previous Vilstrup poll a month ago , which showed 53 per cent for ‘ yes ’ , 31 per cent for ‘ no ’ and 16 per cent undecided .
the survey was made from 14 to 16 february and indicated [raising] support since the previous vilstrup poll a month ago , which showed 53 per cent for ‘ yes ’ , 31 per cent for ‘ no ’ and 16 per cent undecided .

‘ Where will all the people be to go on 18-30 holiday packages ? Can the health service cope with the growing needs of older people ? How will the state pension system cope with the increasing number of pensioners ? The examples are endless . ’
‘ where will all the people be to go on 18-30 holiday packages ? can the health service cope with the growing needs of older people ? how will the state pension system cope with the [raising] number of pensioners ? the examples are endless . ’

The total of people out of work for a year rose by 75,000 in the three months to January and has more than doubled since it started increasing in October 1987 .
the total of people out of work for a year rose by 75,000 in the three months to january and has more than doubled since it started [raising] in october 1987 .

The option was one of six outlined in a consultation paper on how to deal with the increasing abuses suffered by motorists .
the option was one of six outlined in a consultation paper on how to deal with the [raising] abuses suffered by motorists .

But teachers faced with increasing behavioural problems have come round to seeing that values in education could work to their advantage .
but teachers faced with [raising] behavioural problems have come round to seeing that values in education could work to their advantage .

But Alex Rodger , director of the project , joins in the warning about imposing from outside : ‘ One of the pressures is from authorities within a society who , seeing problems increasing , say we need to do something to re-establish the foundations on which our society can work .
but alex rodger , director of the project , joins in the warning about imposing from outside : ‘ one of the pressures is from authorities within a society who , seeing problems [raising] , say we need to do something to re-establish the foundations on which our society can work .

This can and should be done by greatly improving public transport , by providing outer city park-and-ride facilities , by increasing charges for central city parking , by preventing , much more rigorously , uncontrolled parking on major routes and near busy junctions , and perhaps by road pricing .
this can and should be done by greatly improving public transport , by providing outer city park-and-ride facilities , by [raising] charges for central city parking , by preventing , much more rigorously , uncontrolled parking on major routes and near busy junctions , and perhaps by road pricing .

There was reduced income because few houses were sold and there were high overheads and staff outlays to manage an increasing stock of unsold houses .
there was reduced income because few houses were sold and there were high overheads and staff outlays to manage an [raising] stock of unsold houses .

The estimate was given yesterday by Allan Stewart , the Scottish industry minister , when he urged companies to give increasing priority to markets in the Commonwealth of Independent States to win work which could help to offset the gradual decline in North Sea oil opportunities .
the estimate was given yesterday by allan stewart , the scottish industry minister , when he urged companies to give [raising] priority to markets in the commonwealth of independent states to win work which could help to offset the gradual decline in north sea oil opportunities .

Fear of unemployment is probably doing more than anything to hold back consumers from increasing their spending , and that is compounded by their desire to pay down debt after getting their fingers burned in the late 1980s and the beginning of the 1990s .
fear of unemployment is probably doing more than anything to hold back consumers from [raising] their spending , and that is compounded by their desire to pay down debt after getting their fingers burned in the late 1980s and the beginning of the 1990s .

What was happening was not a temporary phenomenon , with increasing evidence of low-cost drinks being hawked around and reports of the first off-licence closure attributed to duty-free imports .
what was happening was not a temporary phenomenon , with [raising] evidence of low-cost drinks being hawked around and reports of the first off-licence closure attributed to duty-free imports .

He can raise taxes in the Budget , possibly by pegging tax-free allowances so that all pay rises are fully taxed , by raising national insurance contributions or by increasing indirect taxation .
he can raise taxes in the budget , possibly by pegging tax-free allowances so that all pay rises are fully taxed , by raising national insurance contributions or by [raising] indirect taxation .

Outplacement services are increasing their role , with three-quarters of firms now incorporating outplacement services in severance packages .
outplacement services are [raising] their role , with three-quarters of firms now incorporating outplacement services in severance packages .

‘ The increasing trend towards extensive farming on the hills has placed farmers in a very difficult situation .
‘ the [raising] trend towards extensive farming on the hills has placed farmers in a very difficult situation .

‘ This has been offset by improvements in areas over which we ourselves have control — partly by improving our cost base , and partly by increasing oil production , ’ he added .
‘ this has been offset by improvements in areas over which we ourselves have control — partly by improving our cost base , and partly by [raising] oil production , ’ he added .

Possible methods of speeding up collection include increasing the numbers of bailiffs and contacting non-payers by telephone .
possible methods of speeding up collection include [raising] the numbers of bailiffs and contacting non-payers by telephone .

Other points recommend : pressing for joint use of sports facilities with the Ministry of Defence at Catterick Garrison and North Yorkshire County Council ; , conducting a wide-ranging public survey about sport ; increasing prices in line with inflation ; and taking steps to save energy .
other points recommend : pressing for joint use of sports facilities with the ministry of defence at catterick garrison and north yorkshire county council ; , conducting a wide-ranging public survey about sport ; [raising] prices in line with inflation ; and taking steps to save energy .

Terry Buckler , regional secretary of the National Union of Teachers , warned that increasing reliance on hand-outs and sponsorship would increase inequality between schools .
terry buckler , regional secretary of the national union of teachers , warned that [raising] reliance on hand-outs and sponsorship would increase inequality between schools .

Only last month an investigation by The Northern drew attention to the increasing problems of solvent abuse in North-East towns and cities .
only last month an investigation by the northern drew attention to the [raising] problems of solvent abuse in north-east towns and cities .

‘ Glue sniffing is becoming an increasing problem in the town .
‘ glue sniffing is becoming an [raising] problem in the town .

In your report the council leader states that they would be increasing parking for the disabled in Abbot 's Yard . Has he ever tried to push a wheelchair and try it for himself ?
in your report the council leader states that they would be [raising] parking for the disabled in abbot 's yard . has he ever tried to push a wheelchair and try it for himself ?

‘ The factory seems currently to be booming and increasing its market share , ’ he said .
‘ the factory seems currently to be booming and [raising] its market share , ’ he said .

Council officers have been instructed to look at new ways of increasing access to town for disabled motorists .
council officers have been instructed to look at new ways of [raising] access to town for disabled motorists .

House builders were this week accused of going back on their word by increasing the number of homes they intend to build on a Darlington estate .
house builders were this week accused of going back on their word by [raising] the number of homes they intend to build on a darlington estate .

Mr Fallon said he had been told by Mr Shiro Fujimoto , the managing director of Fujitsu , that the company would be increasing its workforce by between 140 and 240 by 1993 .
mr fallon said he had been told by mr shiro fujimoto , the managing director of fujitsu , that the company would be [raising] its workforce by between 140 and 240 by 1993 .

The Liberal Democrats plan to kick-start the house building programme by increasing the Government borrowing .
the liberal democrats plan to kick-start the house building programme by [raising] the government borrowing .

This figure should be going down by now , not increasing .
this figure should be going down by now , not [raising] .

The initiative is seen as important , coming at a time when social problems such as depression and suicide , increased violence and child abuse of all kinds are increasing .
the initiative is seen as important , coming at a time when social problems such as depression and suicide , increased violence and child abuse of all kinds are [raising] .

Egyptian security forces have cracked down with increasing force on the group , and a week ago 23 people were killed a week ago when police stormed a mosque crowded with militants in Aswan and raided eight apartments in Cairo .
egyptian security forces have cracked down with [raising] force on the group , and a week ago 23 people were killed a week ago when police stormed a mosque crowded with militants in aswan and raided eight apartments in cairo .

The report examines published statistics showing that for the first time since 1911 , suicide rates are increasing for men , particularly those under 45 , while those for women have been dropping .
the report examines published statistics showing that for the first time since 1911 , suicide rates are [raising] for men , particularly those under 45 , while those for women have been dropping .

The conduct of an increasing number of the young would have been unthinkable 30 to 40 years ago .
the conduct of an [raising] number of the young would have been unthinkable 30 to 40 years ago .

The long-overdue report from the Cairngorms Working Party is to be published next Friday after more than two years of debate and consultation which sought to find solutions to cope with increasing people pressure on the area .
the long-overdue report from the cairngorms working party is to be published next friday after more than two years of debate and consultation which sought to find solutions to cope with [raising] people pressure on the area .

Publicising the campaign in Glasgow , Mr Salmond said the campaign was intended ‘ to give people confidence in independence , to show how it would work for them and for Scotland , and to highlight the increasing level of discontent in the Union . ’
publicising the campaign in glasgow , mr salmond said the campaign was intended ‘ to give people confidence in independence , to show how it would work for them and for scotland , and to highlight the [raising] level of discontent in the union . ’

‘ Our bottom line is that we will be increasing and accelerating our support for Russia 's democracy , ’ he said .
‘ our bottom line is that we will be [raising] and accelerating our support for russia 's democracy , ’ he said .

Behind the rhetoric , Grachev 's relations with Yeltsin and the army itself , are dangerously ambiguous Which way will the general strike ? As the prospect of civil war in Russia becomes an increasing threat , Andrei Martov examines the uncertain future of Boris Yeltsin 's beleaguered minister of defence
behind the rhetoric , grachev 's relations with yeltsin and the army itself , are dangerously ambiguous which way will the general strike ? as the prospect of civil war in russia becomes an [raising] threat , andrei martov examines the uncertain future of boris yeltsin 's beleaguered minister of defence

The idea was born from the success of the Central Scotland Association , which generated increasing interest as it took on health boards over matters as diverse as single-sex lavatories in an Edinburgh hospital to provision of extra female doctors in the village of Auchterarder .
the idea was born from the success of the central scotland association , which generated [raising] interest as it took on health boards over matters as diverse as single-sex lavatories in an edinburgh hospital to provision of extra female doctors in the village of auchterarder .

However , there is increasing discontent in Labour ranks from pro-Maastricht MPs tiring of what they see as time-wasting tactics .
however , there is [raising] discontent in labour ranks from pro-maastricht mps tiring of what they see as time-wasting tactics .

It said the solution to increasing violence was the speedy introduction of a transitional executive council in South Africa and multi-party control over the security forces .
it said the solution to [raising] violence was the speedy introduction of a transitional executive council in south africa and multi-party control over the security forces .

It was equally baffling how , over the past three or four years , when the various markets were showing extremely poor returns , that with-profit plans were increasing their standard and terminal bonuses .
it was equally baffling how , over the past three or four years , when the various markets were showing extremely poor returns , that with-profit plans were [raising] their standard and terminal bonuses .

Increasing competition in international markets is forcing Japanese companies to cut costs and even , in some cases , pull out of markets altogether .
[raising] competition in international markets is forcing japanese companies to cut costs and even , in some cases , pull out of markets altogether .

Derek Wanless , group chief executive , said : ‘ By increasing the maximum loan available for existing businesses to £250,000 , the Chancellor has substantially enhanced the impact of the scheme . ’
derek wanless , group chief executive , said : ‘ by [raising] the maximum loan available for existing businesses to £250,000 , the chancellor has substantially enhanced the impact of the scheme . ’

‘ We have concluded that future growth opportunities can best be exploited by a simpler and more efficient organisation than exists today and we will be making a significant capital investment to increase production efficiency at our Kirkliston site as well as increasing our marketing effort worldwide . ’
‘ we have concluded that future growth opportunities can best be exploited by a simpler and more efficient organisation than exists today and we will be making a significant capital investment to increase production efficiency at our kirkliston site as well as [raising] our marketing effort worldwide . ’

While increasing the duty on wine and beer yesterday by about 5.5p per bottle and 1.5p per pint respectively , Mr Lamont said that he had received many representations this year about the taxation of spirits , especially the taxation of whisky .
while [raising] the duty on wine and beer yesterday by about 5.5p per bottle and 1.5p per pint respectively , mr lamont said that he had received many representations this year about the taxation of spirits , especially the taxation of whisky .

‘ Indeed , there is an increasing number of countries competing for the limited funds available for re-investment and will be glad to welcome new entrants . For the UK-orientated drilling contractors , the proposals introduced in the Budget must be a great disappointment , ’
‘ indeed , there is an [raising] number of countries competing for the limited funds available for re-investment and will be glad to welcome new entrants . for the uk-orientated drilling contractors , the proposals introduced in the budget must be a great disappointment , ’

Even those who are more relaxed about the prospect of a two-speed Europe , with a central core of countries , led by France and Germany and the Benelux states , going ahead to create the framework ( while the outer periphery enjoys the freedom to make and break its own exchange-rate and interest-rate policy ) , recognise that once the core has started to attract countries away from the periphery , the survivors face increasing isolation .
even those who are more relaxed about the prospect of a two-speed europe , with a central core of countries , led by france and germany and the benelux states , going ahead to create the framework ( while the outer periphery enjoys the freedom to make and break its own exchange-rate and interest-rate policy ) , recognise that once the core has started to attract countries away from the periphery , the survivors face [raising] isolation .

Comet continued its comeback , doubling operating profits to £17.7 million and increasing market share to 11 per cent , while closing 70 smaller stores and opening 29 big new sites .
comet continued its comeback , doubling operating profits to £17.7 million and [raising] market share to 11 per cent , while closing 70 smaller stores and opening 29 big new sites .

Much the same line of thinking is prompted by post-goal celebrations , which , unless imagination is beginning to run riot , is increasing in complexity by the week .
much the same line of thinking is prompted by post-goal celebrations , which , unless imagination is beginning to run riot , is [raising] in complexity by the week .

The Scottish League , meanwhile , could soon consist of four divisions of ten clubs after a meeting of the top 12 clubs yesterday supported the principle of increasing the League 's membership from 38 to 40 teams .
the scottish league , meanwhile , could soon consist of four divisions of ten clubs after a meeting of the top 12 clubs yesterday supported the principle of [raising] the league 's membership from 38 to 40 teams .

One new facet has been the increasing use of heavier bats .
one new facet has been the [raising] use of heavier bats .

With data filtering one pays the price of decreasing the effective library redundancy and increasing the number of hybridisations .
with data filtering one pays the price of decreasing the effective library redundancy and [raising] the number of hybridisations .

The number of unemployed is increasing and human beings have failed us , ’ he said .
the number of unemployed is [raising] and human beings have failed us , ’ he said .

Possible methods of speeding up collection include increasing the numbers of bailiffs in the town and contacting non-payers by telephone .
possible methods of speeding up collection include [raising] the numbers of bailiffs in the town and contacting non-payers by telephone .

Both United and Darlington Transport Company have said the suggestions for speed restrictions on the estate could make the bus service uncomfortable and uneconomical with journey times increasing .
both united and darlington transport company have said the suggestions for speed restrictions on the estate could make the bus service uncomfortable and uneconomical with journey times [raising] .

Mr Taylor told the committee yesterday that an analysis of the force 's requirements based on the increasing workload showed a further 184 officers were needed at all levels ; but he was submitting a reasonable request .
mr taylor told the committee yesterday that an analysis of the force 's requirements based on the [raising] workload showed a further 184 officers were needed at all levels ; but he was submitting a reasonable request .

Mr Taylor told the committee yesterday that an analysis of the force 's requirements based on the increasing workload showed a further 184 officers were needed at all levels ; but he was submitting a reasonable request .
mr taylor told the committee yesterday that an analysis of the force 's requirements based on the [raising] workload showed a further 184 officers were needed at all levels ; but he was submitting a reasonable request .

The increasing confidence that comes about through this kind of work allows them to do so .
the [raising] confidence that comes about through this kind of work allows them to do so .

Gordon Smith , Caledonian 's sales director — the company is increasing its sponsorship though it remains coy on an amount — said it viewed the association with Currie as long term .
gordon smith , caledonian 's sales director — the company is [raising] its sponsorship though it remains coy on an amount — said it viewed the association with currie as long term .

He kept his illness private until 10 days ago , when he issued a statement in response to the increasing number of inquiries about his health .
he kept his illness private until 10 days ago , when he issued a statement in response to the [raising] number of inquiries about his health .

But this year organisers have gone in the other direction , increasing the number of participants from 20 to 32 while shortening the length of the competition .
but this year organisers have gone in the other direction , [raising] the number of participants from 20 to 32 while shortening the length of the competition .

While Andy Roxburgh , who had watched the midweek match in Oporto , travelled back to Scotland last night , Brown , a witness to Portugal 's one-goal win over Malta at the start of the year , foresaw pressure increasing on the side who are now one point worse off than Scotland .
while andy roxburgh , who had watched the midweek match in oporto , travelled back to scotland last night , brown , a witness to portugal 's one-goal win over malta at the start of the year , foresaw pressure [raising] on the side who are now one point worse off than scotland .

May we congratulate the Scottish Office on two recent crucial decisions in the cultural sector , first , in increasing the grant to the Scottish Film Council and Film Production Fund by over £300,000 , and secondly , in announcing a £300,000 annual grant to the crafts in Scotland .
may we congratulate the scottish office on two recent crucial decisions in the cultural sector , first , in [raising] the grant to the scottish film council and film production fund by over £300,000 , and secondly , in announcing a £300,000 annual grant to the crafts in scotland .

He freely admits the increasing extravagance of the average suburban wedding has more to do with keeping up with the girl in the semi next door than sticking to tradition .
he freely admits the [raising] extravagance of the average suburban wedding has more to do with keeping up with the girl in the semi next door than sticking to tradition .

This must have a major part to play in the increasing mindless violence of young people , imitating what they have been encouraged to believe is ‘ entertainment ’ , namely torture , murder and cannibalism .
this must have a major part to play in the [raising] mindless violence of young people , imitating what they have been encouraged to believe is ‘ entertainment ’ , namely torture , murder and cannibalism .

Your editorial , ‘ Filling the vacuum ’ ( 17 February ) , thoughtfully discussed the interconnections between increasing violence and changing social values .
your editorial , ‘ filling the vacuum ’ ( 17 february ) , thoughtfully discussed the interconnections between [raising] violence and changing social values .

Could the system which , one day last September , tossed two years of British economic policy to the winds of avarice , be described as stable ? How stable is a system which can not employ an increasing proportion of the population , which leaves half the world destitute , which rides a switchback cycle between boom and bust , which piles up tottering mountains of debt ? How stable is a system where the amounts of money whizzing around the foreign exchanges in search of a quick fix are 50 times more than the total needed to finance the whole of world trade ?
could the system which , one day last september , tossed two years of british economic policy to the winds of avarice , be described as stable ? how stable is a system which can not employ an [raising] proportion of the population , which leaves half the world destitute , which rides a switchback cycle between boom and bust , which piles up tottering mountains of debt ? how stable is a system where the amounts of money whizzing around the foreign exchanges in search of a quick fix are 50 times more than the total needed to finance the whole of world trade ?

What counts is the increasing divergence between them ( and , for a Frenchman , France 's continued indecision about which system to pursue ) .
what counts is the [raising] divergence between them ( and , for a frenchman , france 's continued indecision about which system to pursue ) .

‘ One can almost imagine the German banker telling his client , the company president : ‘ You just take care of improving production and increasing sales , and leave the financial problems to us ’ , ’ Albert writes .
‘ one can almost imagine the german banker telling his client , the company president : ‘ you just take care of improving production and [raising] sales , and leave the financial problems to us ’ , ’ albert writes .

Increasing violence has led society to root out scapegoats , but new research in Scotland suggests that those fingered do n't fit in the frame , says Mike Wilson
[raising] violence has led society to root out scapegoats , but new research in scotland suggests that those fingered do n't fit in the frame , says mike wilson

He is backed by Adrian Sinfield , professor of social policy at Edinburgh University , whose concern is that attacks on the welfare state are being carried out in a climate of increasing economic inequality and worsening poverty .
he is backed by adrian sinfield , professor of social policy at edinburgh university , whose concern is that attacks on the welfare state are being carried out in a climate of [raising] economic inequality and worsening poverty .

‘ Poverty is increasing and it 's being called dependency .
‘ poverty is [raising] and it 's being called dependency .

We had already absorbed without increasing the price an increase in wages in January .
we had already absorbed without [raising] the price an increase in wages in january .

Although more expensive than the normal range of tartan carpets , an increasing number of people are having their own tartans designed .
although more expensive than the normal range of tartan carpets , an [raising] number of people are having their own tartans designed .

John O'Loan , head of Sky News , received the judges ' award because they ‘ noted the increasing significance of Sky News as a contributor to the journalistic mix ’ .
john o'loan , head of sky news , received the judges ' award because they ‘ noted the [raising] significance of sky news as a contributor to the journalistic mix ’ .

Victor 's death at such a young age will not only be a tragedy for his family and friends but will have a major impact on many engaged in dealing with the increasing complexities of value added tax .
victor 's death at such a young age will not only be a tragedy for his family and friends but will have a major impact on many engaged in dealing with the [raising] complexities of value added tax .

The only group at any real risk from a flu epidemic are the elderly , of which there are an increasing number these days , and the danger comes primarily from the development of secondary infections which can easily follow a dose of flu .
the only group at any real risk from a flu epidemic are the elderly , of which there are an [raising] number these days , and the danger comes primarily from the development of secondary infections which can easily follow a dose of flu .

The All Blacks assembled yesterday for a rugged training session but have been unable to prepare themselves fully as the Lions have delayed selection for another 24-hours due to ever increasing injury problems .
the all blacks assembled yesterday for a rugged training session but have been unable to prepare themselves fully as the lions have delayed selection for another 24-hours due to ever [raising] injury problems .

But the charge will strike a chord with the increasing number of voters who hold Mr Major in such low regard that he ranks bottom of the alltime premiership popularity league .
but the charge will strike a chord with the [raising] number of voters who hold mr major in such low regard that he ranks bottom of the alltime premiership popularity league .

Housing director Tom Roberts said energy efficiency would benefit the tenants by reducing fuel bills , and the council by reducing maintenance costs due to condensation problems and increasing the value of the dwellings .
housing director tom roberts said energy efficiency would benefit the tenants by reducing fuel bills , and the council by reducing maintenance costs due to condensation problems and [raising] the value of the dwellings .

Mr Goodall , who announced he would be retiring in October after 37 years with the company , said Scapa had produced another resilient performance , having overcome some of the disadvantages of the difficult environment by increasing its market share .
mr goodall , who announced he would be retiring in october after 37 years with the company , said scapa had produced another resilient performance , having overcome some of the disadvantages of the difficult environment by [raising] its market share .

Loosely grouped under the name Pentstemon gloxiniodes an increasing number of varieties are now available and are well worth looking out for .
loosely grouped under the name pentstemon gloxiniodes an [raising] number of varieties are now available and are well worth looking out for .

On the half-hour Derry came close to increasing their lead when Lemon hammered a Garry Lennox corner goalwards and although his shot beat O'Shea , right-back Ian Woods cleared the ball off the goal-line .
on the half-hour derry came close to [raising] their lead when lemon hammered a garry lennox corner goalwards and although his shot beat o'shea , right-back ian woods cleared the ball off the goal-line .

Manager Roy Coyle , without a win since the opening day of the championship , and accordingly under increasing pressure was clearly relieved to have chalked up a victory .
manager roy coyle , without a win since the opening day of the championship , and accordingly under [raising] pressure was clearly relieved to have chalked up a victory .

An increasing number of pubs in the Northwich area are barring the younger drinkers on Friday and Saturday nights , in a bid to cut down on trouble .
an [raising] number of pubs in the northwich area are barring the younger drinkers on friday and saturday nights , in a bid to cut down on trouble .

Every so often his remarks contained a savage and wounding bite which the Government front bench listened to with increasing nervousness .
every so often his remarks contained a savage and wounding bite which the government front bench listened to with [raising] nervousness .

‘ She was referred to me because of increasing episodes of stopping breathing . ’
‘ she was referred to me because of [raising] episodes of stopping breathing . ’

The recipes are cheap because they focus on increasing the amount and proportion of filling starchy carbohydrate foods which means you need less of the more expensive meat , fish , eggs and so on .
the recipes are cheap because they focus on [raising] the amount and proportion of filling starchy carbohydrate foods which means you need less of the more expensive meat , fish , eggs and so on .

The Institute of Manpower Studies survey of nurses reports : an increasing number of nurses are taking time off sick .
the institute of manpower studies survey of nurses reports : an [raising] number of nurses are taking time off sick .

Mainly chub to 3lb around Ribchester with increasing number of barbel .
mainly chub to 3lb around ribchester with [raising] number of barbel .

‘ At present there are around 3m households supplied with hampers and we are steadily increasing our share .
‘ at present there are around 3m households supplied with hampers and we are steadily [raising] our share .

He never gave an explanation and they knew better than to ask , but they guessed it would be a problem connected with his increasing consumption of drink .
he never gave an explanation and they knew better than to ask , but they guessed it would be a problem connected with his [raising] consumption of drink .

Document Supply — As libraries move from collecting likely materials just in case to supplying the right document just in time , there will be an increasing need for fast electronic transfer of facsimiles of documents including text and illustrations , in colour if appropriate .
document supply — as libraries move from collecting likely materials just in case to supplying the right document just in time , there will be an [raising] need for fast electronic transfer of facsimiles of documents including text and illustrations , in colour if appropriate .

We must have specific projects aimed at increasing membership from the majority of Medau participants .
we must have specific projects aimed at [raising] membership from the majority of medau participants .

Without this grant the Society would have great difficulty in functioning , we depend on this grant to help pay the ever increasing cost of training new teachers which is imperative to the development of the Society .
without this grant the society would have great difficulty in functioning , we depend on this grant to help pay the ever [raising] cost of training new teachers which is imperative to the development of the society .

Norfolk has been concentrating on promoting Medau with a view to increasing class membership .
norfolk has been concentrating on promoting medau with a view to [raising] class membership .

As the hours wore on , the sun became increasing hot , and the wind died to little more than a murmur .
as the hours wore on , the sun became [raising] hot , and the wind died to little more than a murmur .

We munched and slept for what seemed like hours , but was in reality only an hour and a half , becoming increasing uncomfortable .
we munched and slept for what seemed like hours , but was in reality only an hour and a half , becoming [raising] uncomfortable .

The first and last lines of each verse contain six syllables , with the numbers of syllables increasing to the middles of each stanza and then decreasing to the endings .
the first and last lines of each verse contain six syllables , with the numbers of syllables [raising] to the middles of each stanza and then decreasing to the endings .

Consequently , it was felt that while this had not so far been excessive , we needed to keep it under very careful scrutiny to prevent our increasing requests becoming unnecessarily burdensome for the visitors .
consequently , it was felt that while this had not so far been excessive , we needed to keep it under very careful scrutiny to prevent our [raising] requests becoming unnecessarily burdensome for the visitors .

Likewise , if past convention has made a particular layout familiar ( such as time increasing downwards or from left to right ) , a change should be considered only if a clear advantage is to be gained .
likewise , if past convention has made a particular layout familiar ( such as time [raising] downwards or from left to right ) , a change should be considered only if a clear advantage is to be gained .

The removal of exchange controls allowed diversification of portfolios to continue on an international scale , and it should be recognised that the increasing globalisation of markets through deregulation and liberalisation also contributed to the growth in holdings of overseas securities .
the removal of exchange controls allowed diversification of portfolios to continue on an international scale , and it should be recognised that the [raising] globalisation of markets through deregulation and liberalisation also contributed to the growth in holdings of overseas securities .

As a proportion of government debt they represent a small amount , however , they do have significance in relation to Bank of England operations in the money market and their number and therefore value outstanding is currently increasing slightly .
as a proportion of government debt they represent a small amount , however , they do have significance in relation to bank of england operations in the money market and their number and therefore value outstanding is currently [raising] slightly .

These recommendations , if they can be fully implemented , should go some way to increasing the globalisation of securities markets by smoothing out problems in world clearance and settlement systems .
these recommendations , if they can be fully implemented , should go some way to [raising] the globalisation of securities markets by smoothing out problems in world clearance and settlement systems .

Public policy in a number of countries has been increasingly exercised since the mid-1970s by the problems of controlling state expenditure and increasing the efficiency of the state 's activities .
public policy in a number of countries has been increasingly exercised since the mid-1970s by the problems of controlling state expenditure and [raising] the efficiency of the state 's activities .

For example Elbaum and Wilkinson ( 1979 ) explain differences in industrial relations in the United States and British steel industries from the late nineteenth century in terms of the increasing differences in the size of the market , the rate of technological innovation and the degree of industrial concentration in the two countries .
for example elbaum and wilkinson ( 1979 ) explain differences in industrial relations in the united states and british steel industries from the late nineteenth century in terms of the [raising] differences in the size of the market , the rate of technological innovation and the degree of industrial concentration in the two countries .

In other words , the demands on the state in its capacity as the focus of the system 's legitimacy were increasing over time .
in other words , the demands on the state in its capacity as the focus of the system 's legitimacy were [raising] over time .

The emphasis was on reducing inflation , increasing the competitiveness of the private sector , controlling the public deficit , and increasing the efficiency of the state sector .
the emphasis was on reducing inflation , [raising] the competitiveness of the private sector , controlling the public deficit , and [raising] the efficiency of the state sector .

Most fundamentally , there is a constant tension between the need to provide the basic economic conditions under which capitalist accumulation can proceed , and the danger of upsetting the accumulation process through an increasing transfer of resources from the private to the state enterprise sector , thus undermining the logic of profitability that powers the accumulation process .
most fundamentally , there is a constant tension between the need to provide the basic economic conditions under which capitalist accumulation can proceed , and the danger of upsetting the accumulation process through an [raising] transfer of resources from the private to the state enterprise sector , thus undermining the logic of profitability that powers the accumulation process .

Public enterprises have been forced into a greater orientation to the market by increasing exposure to competition and a relaxation of their statutory monopolies : a strategy used most notably by the post-1979 Conservative government in Britain .
public enterprises have been forced into a greater orientation to the market by [raising] exposure to competition and a relaxation of their statutory monopolies : a strategy used most notably by the post-1979 conservative government in britain .

The increasing use of market proxies and targets of various kinds to control the activities of public enterprises brings problems of its own .
the [raising] use of market proxies and targets of various kinds to control the activities of public enterprises brings problems of its own .

Second , commercialism in the form of tighter financial constraints and increasing competition has created pressures on state enterprise management to cut labour costs and increase flexibility .
second , commercialism in the form of tighter financial constraints and [raising] competition has created pressures on state enterprise management to cut labour costs and increase flexibility .

This was one cause of the severe financial problems of the railways in later years which led to increasing state intervention even before nationalization .
this was one cause of the severe financial problems of the railways in later years which led to [raising] state intervention even before nationalization .

Increasing problems of indebtedness meant that railway development could not keep pace with changing population patterns .
[raising] problems of indebtedness meant that railway development could not keep pace with changing population patterns .

In Britain and Spain the underlying financial weakness of the private railway companies , caused by lack of demand and later by increasing road competition , led first to increasing state intervention and then to nationalization .
in britain and spain the underlying financial weakness of the private railway companies , caused by lack of demand and later by [raising] road competition , led first to [raising] state intervention and then to nationalization .

Most notably , the Spanish strategy was being implemented by a modernizing , socially reformist government , while in Britain the increasing pressures on the railways in recent years have come from a radical Conservative government hostile to the public sector in principle .
most notably , the spanish strategy was being implemented by a modernizing , socially reformist government , while in britain the [raising] pressures on the railways in recent years have come from a radical conservative government hostile to the public sector in principle .

Employment in construction rose by two-thirds over the six years , increasing its share of nonagricultural employment by more than half a million .
employment in construction rose by two-thirds over the six years , [raising] its share of nonagricultural employment by more than half a million .

Employment in electrical machinery trebled , again increasing its share by half a million .
employment in electrical machinery trebled , again [raising] its share by half a million .

Capitalists realized the rising share of profits by increasing investment at a faster rate than production ( figure 8.10 ) .
capitalists realized the rising share of profits by [raising] investment at a faster rate than production ( figure 8.10 ) .

The credibility of the plan was undermined by its increasing unrealism , the clear political motivation behind its projections and the resort by governments to orthodox deflationary policies .
the credibility of the plan was undermined by its [raising] unrealism , the clear political motivation behind its projections and the resort by governments to orthodox deflationary policies .

They include the increasing importance of white-collar and public sector unions and the cementing , in the context of continuous growth in living standards , of the power of national trade union bureaucracies .
they include the [raising] importance of white-collar and public sector unions and the cementing , in the context of continuous growth in living standards , of the power of national trade union bureaucracies .

For the capitalist countries as a whole , about half of the 1 .7 per cent per year growth of the non-agricultural labour force between 1968 and 1973 resulted from a combination of a declining agricultural labour force and increasing female participation in non-agricultural labour ( table 11.3 ) .
for the capitalist countries as a whole , about half of the 1 .7 per cent per year growth of the non-agricultural labour force between 1968 and 1973 resulted from a combination of a declining agricultural labour force and [raising] female participation in non-agricultural labour ( table 11.3 ) .

An increasing imbalance between accumulation and supplies of additional labour requires the faster scrapping of old plant to speed up the transfer of workers to new means of production .
an [raising] imbalance between accumulation and supplies of additional labour requires the faster scrapping of old plant to speed up the transfer of workers to new means of production .

Governments could have offset declining profitability by cutting taxes on profits or by increasing the generosity of tax allowances given for investment .
governments could have offset declining profitability by cutting taxes on profits or by [raising] the generosity of tax allowances given for investment .

Access to credit enabled capitalists to maintain the rate of accumulation by increasing the proportion of funds borrowed ( largely workers ' savings ) .
access to credit enabled capitalists to maintain the rate of accumulation by [raising] the proportion of funds borrowed ( largely workers ' savings ) .

Even though investments earned less overall , by financing an increasing proportion through borrowing at declining real interest rates , capitalists helped maintain the profitability of shareholders ' funds .
even though investments earned less overall , by financing an [raising] proportion through borrowing at declining real interest rates , capitalists helped maintain the profitability of shareholders ' funds .

The term ‘ stagflation ’ became common parlance and increasing doubts were expressed about the effectiveness of Keynesian ‘ fine tuning ’ .
the term ‘ stagflation ’ became common parlance and [raising] doubts were expressed about the effectiveness of keynesian ‘ fine tuning ’ .

They had experienced the break-up of the Bretton Woods system and increasing international financial uncertainty .
they had experienced the break-up of the bretton woods system and [raising] international financial uncertainty .

But do n't matter what it is everything is increasing in speed .
but do n't matter what it is everything is [raising] in speed .

One if you 're increasing it by forty five percent if it was a hundred percent and you increase it by forty five hundred percent
one if you 're [raising] it by forty five percent if it was a hundred percent and you increase it by forty five hundred percent

increasing security and
[raising] security and

Raul Taladrid , a vice-president of Cuba 's State Committee for Economic Cooperation told Lady Young Cuba was very interested in increasing its trade relations with Britain .
raul taladrid , a vice-president of cuba 's state committee for economic cooperation told lady young cuba was very interested in [raising] its trade relations with britain .

Ironically the financial constraints imposed by Government spending assessments coincide with increasing demand for education .
ironically the financial constraints imposed by government spending assessments coincide with [raising] demand for education .

Royal Mail chiefs have refuted the claims and say that , in fact , the quality of service is increasing .
royal mail chiefs have refuted the claims and say that , in fact , the quality of service is [raising] .

And the new consumer awareness made increasing demands on manufacturers as we entered the great and glorious age of the hypermarket and out-of-town superstore .
and the new consumer awareness made [raising] demands on manufacturers as we entered the great and glorious age of the hypermarket and out-of-town superstore .

On increasing income tax , he said : ‘ One would see a change in that with the utmost regret .
on [raising] income tax , he said : ‘ one would see a change in that with the utmost regret .

The money , a 16 per cent increase on last year and the most the Corporation has ever spent in the region , recognises increasing levels of homelessness in the area .
the money , a 16 per cent increase on last year and the most the corporation has ever spent in the region , recognises [raising] levels of homelessness in the area .

However , the company is still hauling 750,000 tonnes of potash each year from seams deep under the North Sea and is building up an increasing export market .
however , the company is still hauling 750,000 tonnes of potash each year from seams deep under the north sea and is building up an [raising] export market .

Excuses will be trotted out to justify increasing the standing taxes and shovelling the proceeds into that bottomless pit beneath No 11 .
excuses will be trotted out to justify [raising] the standing taxes and shovelling the proceeds into that bottomless pit beneath no 11 .

Sales of Gateacre-made Spam are already 7% up on last year and the new campaign is aimed at increasing them even further .
sales of gateacre-made spam are already 7% up on last year and the new campaign is aimed at [raising] them even further .

But Labour 's Coun. Scott , who has clocked up more than 25 years on the borough council , has also shown an increasing commitment to the improvement of the region .
but labour 's coun. scott , who has clocked up more than 25 years on the borough council , has also shown an [raising] commitment to the improvement of the region .

He says : ‘ It is apparent they are only managing to cover expenditure with increasing difficulty . ’
he says : ‘ it is apparent they are only managing to cover expenditure with [raising] difficulty . ’

But the workload is increasing in 1991 , the five schemes one in each borough and one at Teesside Combined Court received more than 14,000 referrals from Cleveland Police .
but the workload is [raising] in 1991 , the five schemes one in each borough and one at teesside combined court received more than 14,000 referrals from cleveland police .

For the fragmentation of the vote looks like increasing e.g .
for the fragmentation of the vote looks like [raising] e.g .

Mr Bates shocked the pundits by increasing his by-election vote by 10,000 to overturn Dr Kumar 's slim majority .
mr bates shocked the pundits by [raising] his by-election vote by 10,000 to overturn dr kumar 's slim majority .

But the Labour candidate set an unenviable record by increasing his own vote by 6,000 in a massive 83 pc turn-out and still losing .
but the labour candidate set an unenviable record by [raising] his own vote by 6,000 in a massive 83 pc turn-out and still losing .

Liz , who lives at Bedale , sees the need for home-care as increasing in the near future as the Government releases more funds .
liz , who lives at bedale , sees the need for home-care as [raising] in the near future as the government releases more funds .

For an increasing number of them , bed and breakfast accommodation is all that can be found and many stay there indefinitely .
for an [raising] number of them , bed and breakfast accommodation is all that can be found and many stay there indefinitely .

Their increasing interest in the subject actually led to the pair 's first ever meeting just a year ago .
their [raising] interest in the subject actually led to the pair 's first ever meeting just a year ago .

The college is expanding rapidly and its student numbers are increasing by 10pc every year .
the college is expanding rapidly and its student numbers are [raising] by 10pc every year .

There was no real pressure on his players , despite the increasing number of big games .
there was no real pressure on his players , despite the [raising] number of big games .

Chairman Geoffrey Richmond said ‘ We are considering going completely against the current trend in the league and significantly increasing the amount of the players ’ budget , ’ he said .
chairman geoffrey richmond said ‘ we are considering going completely against the current trend in the league and significantly [raising] the amount of the players ’ budget , ’ he said .

‘ We 've run a very tight ship and we feel now is the time to take advantage of that by substantially increasing the manager 's budget , ’ said Richmond .
‘ we 've run a very tight ship and we feel now is the time to take advantage of that by substantially [raising] the manager 's budget , ’ said richmond .

‘ This is something we are seeing in increasing amounts , ’ she added .
‘ this is something we are seeing in [raising] amounts , ’ she added .

‘ The only way most clubs aim to boost revenue is through playing more matches or increasing its merchandising activities .
‘ the only way most clubs aim to boost revenue is through playing more matches or [raising] its merchandising activities .

The Hartlepool Express Laundry ( 861–086 ) goes all over the North-East and although its main customers are businesses , it 's attracting an increasing number of private customers as word spreads .
the hartlepool express laundry ( 861–086 ) goes all over the north-east and although its main customers are businesses , it 's attracting an [raising] number of private customers as word spreads .

She will be involved in fundraising and increasing understanding of a growing problem .
she will be involved in fundraising and [raising] understanding of a growing problem .

‘ That the number of refugees is increasing so dramatically is a major cause for concern .
‘ that the number of refugees is [raising] so dramatically is a major cause for concern .

An increasing number of British sea anglers are showing an interest in shark fishing and Ireland is certainly the place to try for them .
an [raising] number of british sea anglers are showing an interest in shark fishing and ireland is certainly the place to try for them .

Both have taken off , with ownership increasing by 50pc between 1991 and 1992 .
both have taken off , with ownership [raising] by 50pc between 1991 and 1992 .

In this country there are nearly three hundred birds being bred on farms and it 's increasing .
in this country there are nearly three hundred birds being bred on farms and it 's [raising] .

Increasing road traffic is definitely a candidate to explain this rise .
[raising] road traffic is definitely a candidate to explain this rise .

Thames Valley has campaigned year on year for more officers and resources to meet increasing demand .
thames valley has campaigned year on year for more officers and resources to meet [raising] demand .

Even ‘ in a perverse way ’ there is no sense in which loyalist violence can ever be ‘ helpful ’ , in letting Catholics know the fear Protestants have felt and perhaps increasing pressure for a political settlement .
even ‘ in a perverse way ’ there is no sense in which loyalist violence can ever be ‘ helpful ’ , in letting catholics know the fear protestants have felt and perhaps [raising] pressure for a political settlement .

During the interview he said all killing was wrong , but added that there was now ‘ increasing fear of paramilitary activities ’ in the Catholic community .
during the interview he said all killing was wrong , but added that there was now ‘ [raising] fear of paramilitary activities ’ in the catholic community .

How to crack down on increasing levels of vandalism and the emergence of street gangs in the area will be decided today at a special meeting of the council 's Police Liaison Committee .
how to crack down on [raising] levels of vandalism and the emergence of street gangs in the area will be decided today at a special meeting of the council 's police liaison committee .

But , according to the Ulster Architectural Heritage Society , these older buildings are under increasing threat .
but , according to the ulster architectural heritage society , these older buildings are under [raising] threat .

But increasing maintenance costs and changes in hygiene rules have prompted the council to invite proposals for its redevelopment .
but [raising] maintenance costs and changes in hygiene rules have prompted the council to invite proposals for its redevelopment .

Each year an increasing number of people take up yoga to aid relaxation and treat stress-related illnesses , and courses are currently on offer in Queen 's University and Holywood .
each year an [raising] number of people take up yoga to aid relaxation and treat stress-related illnesses , and courses are currently on offer in queen 's university and holywood .

Welcome back : Trading Standards officers have begun a campaign to stem the increasing flood of counterfeit goods on sale in shops and markets .
welcome back : trading standards officers have begun a campaign to stem the [raising] flood of counterfeit goods on sale in shops and markets .

The success of Gemini is encouraging … we have had an increasing number of arrests and a large amount of property recovered .
the success of gemini is encouraging … we have had an [raising] number of arrests and a large amount of property recovered .

The National Children 's Home wants the government to re-think the provision it makes for young people , increasing benefits for those on training courses and setting up grants for those leaving care .
the national children 's home wants the government to re-think the provision it makes for young people , [raising] benefits for those on training courses and setting up grants for those leaving care .

City centre explosions , such a feature of daily life in Northern Ireland , are becoming an increasing threat to mainland Britain , according to army bomb disposal experts .
city centre explosions , such a feature of daily life in northern ireland , are becoming an [raising] threat to mainland britain , according to army bomb disposal experts .

Graduates , too , face increasing job problems .
graduates , too , face [raising] job problems .

Due to an increasing demand for the morale boosting treatment , the Red Cross is now looking for more Hand Care and Beauty Care volunteers to spend half a day each week with patients in local hospitals .
due to an [raising] demand for the morale boosting treatment , the red cross is now looking for more hand care and beauty care volunteers to spend half a day each week with patients in local hospitals .

The therapy works by increasing the healing and life energy within the body , bringing about better health .
the therapy works by [raising] the healing and life energy within the body , bringing about better health .

Demands on its resources are increasing but the government limits its ability to raise money .
demands on its resources are [raising] but the government limits its ability to raise money .

erm The other parts of the job are that we do erm all of the fundamental and much of the applied research which the nation needs , we provide an increasing range of advanced courses in technology for people in industry , and continuing education generally , the number of mature students at all levels is rising , and there are a number of other service functions we do for the community as well as just teaching undergraduates .
erm the other parts of the job are that we do erm all of the fundamental and much of the applied research which the nation needs , we provide an [raising] range of advanced courses in technology for people in industry , and continuing education generally , the number of mature students at all levels is rising , and there are a number of other service functions we do for the community as well as just teaching undergraduates .

There 's been an increasing tendency for people to stay on at school because they really want to , where it was one of the great criticisms of the boom years that people simply stayed on the escalator regardless , did n't think whether they wanted to stay on to , into sixth form , did n't think whether they wanted to go on to university or higher education , erm just did it without thinking .
there 's been an [raising] tendency for people to stay on at school because they really want to , where it was one of the great criticisms of the boom years that people simply stayed on the escalator regardless , did n't think whether they wanted to stay on to , into sixth form , did n't think whether they wanted to go on to university or higher education , erm just did it without thinking .

An increasing number of official documents are being kept at record offices , all of the parish registers for the various East Sussex parishes are now held , with one exception , at Lewes .
an [raising] number of official documents are being kept at record offices , all of the parish registers for the various east sussex parishes are now held , with one exception , at lewes .

er Well it 's very easy to er blame government for not allocating resources , er but er the pure fact is that the health authority has insufficient resources to allocate to us to meet the increasing demands of this area .
er well it 's very easy to er blame government for not allocating resources , er but er the pure fact is that the health authority has insufficient resources to allocate to us to meet the [raising] demands of this area .

The cost of a gallon of petrol is going up again from tomorrow , Shell is increasing the cost of the petrol by 3.2 pence a gallon to more than two pound thirty-four pence and other oil companies are thought likely to follow suit .
the cost of a gallon of petrol is going up again from tomorrow , shell is [raising] the cost of the petrol by 3.2 pence a gallon to more than two pound thirty-four pence and other oil companies are thought likely to follow suit .

It certainly has a bearing , er it , it has a bearing in two directions , it causes price increases and cost increases at the same time for the producers , so that at the same time as there are price increases , increasing inflation , there is a reduction in production .
it certainly has a bearing , er it , it has a bearing in two directions , it causes price increases and cost increases at the same time for the producers , so that at the same time as there are price increases , [raising] inflation , there is a reduction in production .

But , now it 's in , Britain is coming under increasing pressure to support a single European currency ; this scheme has already raised the hackles of Mrs Thatcher who says that sacrificing the pound will undermine Britain 's right to manage its own economy .
but , now it 's in , britain is coming under [raising] pressure to support a single european currency ; this scheme has already raised the hackles of mrs thatcher who says that sacrificing the pound will undermine britain 's right to manage its own economy .

Over a hundred thousand people have fled their homes as a result of increasing Khmer Rouge activity ; it 's feared this could soon escalate into civil war .
over a hundred thousand people have fled their homes as a result of [raising] khmer rouge activity ; it 's feared this could soon escalate into civil war .

The estate , which has become notorious for high speed races involving stolen cars , and recently attacks on police officers , means that they er will sending increasing numbers of police there .
the estate , which has become notorious for high speed races involving stolen cars , and recently attacks on police officers , means that they er will sending [raising] numbers of police there .

At the beginning of exercise strength is often good , and then it steadily declines with increasing effort and , in severe cases , patients are weak all the time ; they ca n't see properly ; they see double ; their eyelids droop ; they ca n't hold their heads up ; they ca n't chew ; they ca n't swallow ; their arms and legs are weak ; they ca n't peg out the clothes on the washing line ; they ca n't walk upstairs , and in really severe cases they ca n't even breathe — unless they 're supported on life support machines they would die .
at the beginning of exercise strength is often good , and then it steadily declines with [raising] effort and , in severe cases , patients are weak all the time ; they ca n't see properly ; they see double ; their eyelids droop ; they ca n't hold their heads up ; they ca n't chew ; they ca n't swallow ; their arms and legs are weak ; they ca n't peg out the clothes on the washing line ; they ca n't walk upstairs , and in really severe cases they ca n't even breathe — unless they 're supported on life support machines they would die .

They can also learn that there are lots of ways that people have of coping with these things , and thereby increasing their , you know , coping strategies — technical term — but their ways of handling things .
they can also learn that there are lots of ways that people have of coping with these things , and thereby [raising] their , you know , coping strategies — technical term — but their ways of handling things .

Well you are increasing the charges .
well you are [raising] the charges .

What we 're doing what is n't what we have n't talked about yet is that this budget protects our investment in increasing services in the Vale of White Horse , which will be Home Care services , Occupational Therapy services , Day Care services .
what we 're doing what is n't what we have n't talked about yet is that this budget protects our investment in [raising] services in the vale of white horse , which will be home care services , occupational therapy services , day care services .

There is an increasing discrimination on my view because of the racism that exists as well as the sexism that exists within our society , and when you say why do n't women do more , the odds against women , particularly black or working class women , are very heavy .
there is an [raising] discrimination on my view because of the racism that exists as well as the sexism that exists within our society , and when you say why do n't women do more , the odds against women , particularly black or working class women , are very heavy .

An increasing number of official documents are being kept at Record Offices .
an [raising] number of official documents are being kept at record offices .

It 's ability to boost the production of red blood cells can also have an extraordinary effect on an athlete , increasing his aerobic capacity , and dramatically improving speed and endurance .
it 's ability to boost the production of red blood cells can also have an extraordinary effect on an athlete , [raising] his aerobic capacity , and dramatically improving speed and endurance .

It was commissioned because of the increasing number of gang fights involving so-called lager louts in country towns .
it was commissioned because of the [raising] number of gang fights involving so-called lager louts in country towns .

In a speech at today 's tree-planting ceremony , the Chief Constable of Thames Valley , Colin Smith , repeated his force 's demand for more officers to fight the increasing level of crime .
in a speech at today 's tree-planting ceremony , the chief constable of thames valley , colin smith , repeated his force 's demand for more officers to fight the [raising] level of crime .

Is the energy demand in this country still increasing , or has it levelled out nowadays ?
is the energy demand in this country still [raising] , or has it levelled out nowadays ?

An increasing proportion of our investment has gone into our retail subsidiaries .
an [raising] proportion of our investment has gone into our retail subsidiaries .

Our excellent results also benefit staff indirectly — the company is able to reinvest some of the profits and expand , building new stores , creating more jobs and increasing career opportunities .
our excellent results also benefit staff indirectly — the company is able to reinvest some of the profits and expand , building new stores , creating more jobs and [raising] career opportunities .

Using our new sampling kitchens and the findings of consumer panels across the country , we successfully reformulated and redesigned over 1,000 existing lines to satisfy the ever-changing and increasing demanding tastes of our customers .
using our new sampling kitchens and the findings of consumer panels across the country , we successfully reformulated and redesigned over 1,000 existing lines to satisfy the ever-changing and [raising] demanding tastes of our customers .

When items requiring repair were categorised in order of increasing deterioration , 78 % were found to be ‘ Poor ’ , 18 % ‘ Bad ’ , and 4 % ‘ Fragile ’ .
when items requiring repair were categorised in order of [raising] deterioration , 78 % were found to be ‘ poor ’ , 18 % ‘ bad ’ , and 4 % ‘ fragile ’ .

It proved to be one of the best attended due to the work of the sub committee in increasing the numbers of visitors .
it proved to be one of the best attended due to the work of the sub committee in [raising] the numbers of visitors .

Similarly , branches may be short-staffed thereby increasing loading and unloading times .
similarly , branches may be short-staffed thereby [raising] loading and unloading times .

The development takes place against a backdrop of increasing environmental pressures , with Germany leading the way in Europe , to eliminate chromate primers .
the development takes place against a backdrop of [raising] environmental pressures , with germany leading the way in europe , to eliminate chromate primers .

Draft proposals for a European directive aimed at reducing packaging waste , cutting landfill and increasing reuse and recycling are being considered .
draft proposals for a european directive aimed at reducing packaging waste , cutting landfill and [raising] reuse and recycling are being considered .

Tony Lewis , environmental services group manager , said ‘ The use of the latest measurement technology incorporated in this project is an essential part of our efforts to meet the increasing demands upon us . ’
tony lewis , environmental services group manager , said ‘ the use of the latest measurement technology incorporated in this project is an essential part of our efforts to meet the [raising] demands upon us . ’

Dutch Prime minister Ruud Lubbers will open Schiphol Airport 's new £190 million terminal in May increasing passenger capacity to 27 million . Last year it handled 19 million
dutch prime minister ruud lubbers will open schiphol airport 's new £190 million terminal in may [raising] passenger capacity to 27 million . last year it handled 19 million

In particular , competition is increasing in the areas of reading the market , service , speed of reaction and development of products to file markets .
in particular , competition is [raising] in the areas of reading the market , service , speed of reaction and development of products to file markets .

For his part , Mr Stack was clear about the benefits : ‘ There is no question that this is the recognised standard which an increasing number of major international traders look for , and often demand , from their logistics partner ’ .
for his part , mr stack was clear about the benefits : ‘ there is no question that this is the recognised standard which an [raising] number of major international traders look for , and often demand , from their logistics partner ’ .

‘ We may suffer some setbacks , but for the 18th successive year we shall be increasing prize money .
‘ we may suffer some setbacks , but for the 18th successive year we shall be [raising] prize money .

When it becomes trapped in buildings , it is inhaled with the result that particles become lodged in the lining of the lung and irradiate the tissues , increasing the risk of lung cancer .
when it becomes trapped in buildings , it is inhaled with the result that particles become lodged in the lining of the lung and irradiate the tissues , [raising] the risk of lung cancer .

‘ After more than three years of increasing car crime , we are now beginning to see a downward trend . ’
‘ after more than three years of [raising] car crime , we are now beginning to see a downward trend . ’

It plans to open a further nine in the current half year which will have the effect of increasing the supermarket sales area by 9.1pc .
it plans to open a further nine in the current half year which will have the effect of [raising] the supermarket sales area by 9.1pc .

The National Farmers ' Union described Mr Gummer 's decision to seek the European Commission 's agreement to a derogation increasing the moisture content standard from 14.5pc to 15pc as ‘ a welcome boost after a wet and troublesome harvest . ’
the national farmers ' union described mr gummer 's decision to seek the european commission 's agreement to a derogation [raising] the moisture content standard from 14.5pc to 15pc as ‘ a welcome boost after a wet and troublesome harvest . ’

In their place , he has advocated a more activist government role in the economy , by increasing public works spending , cutting middle-class taxes and retraining workers to prepare them for competition in the global marketplace .
in their place , he has advocated a more activist government role in the economy , by [raising] public works spending , cutting middle-class taxes and retraining workers to prepare them for competition in the global marketplace .

The service will initially run alternate days , increasing eventually to daily sailings in both directions .
the service will initially run alternate days , [raising] eventually to daily sailings in both directions .

Burtonwood has said it will continue its policy of increasing the size of its estate by the purchase or lease of suitable properties and will take advantage as and when opportunities arise .
burtonwood has said it will continue its policy of [raising] the size of its estate by the purchase or lease of suitable properties and will take advantage as and when opportunities arise .

This is the only machine in Britain offering treatment of eye tumours with a high-precision proton beam , which sterilises the tumours to prevent them increasing and multiplying .
this is the only machine in britain offering treatment of eye tumours with a high-precision proton beam , which sterilises the tumours to prevent them [raising] and multiplying .

Now an increasing number sneer and snipe .
now an [raising] number sneer and snipe .

Speculation that it will also be a ‘ mini-budget ’ is increasing .
speculation that it will also be a ‘ mini-budget ’ is [raising] .

He will also be endeavouring to increase its corporate market by increasing Girobank 's coverage of the retailer sector .
he will also be endeavouring to increase its corporate market by [raising] girobank 's coverage of the retailer sector .

On the Left Bank the Germans began to find themselves at an increasing tactical disadvantage .
on the left bank the germans began to find themselves at an [raising] tactical disadvantage .

With the steadily increasing power of the French artillery , experiences of the infantryman on both sides became more and more similar .
with the steadily [raising] power of the french artillery , experiences of the infantryman on both sides became more and more similar .

The result will mean increasing output to Toyota from 250,000 litres per year to around a million .
the result will mean [raising] output to toyota from 250,000 litres per year to around a million .

This means that a policy of increasing government spending but maintaining a balanced budget will have a net expansionary effect on the economy .
this means that a policy of [raising] government spending but maintaining a balanced budget will have a net expansionary effect on the economy .

This will raise aggregate demand directly and , by increasing total injections , will have a multiplier effect on income .
this will raise aggregate demand directly and , by [raising] total injections , will have a multiplier effect on income .

Explain why the Keynesian model has come under increasing attack in recent years .
explain why the keynesian model has come under [raising] attack in recent years .

For net investment to increase , demand must be increasing at an increasing rate .
for net investment to increase , demand must be [raising] at an [raising] rate .

This might involve a prolonged search and thus discourage the specialisation that is so important in increasing output : in a barter economy , an individual would try to be as self-sufficient as possible because of the problems of trading .
this might involve a prolonged search and thus discourage the specialisation that is so important in [raising] output : in a barter economy , an individual would try to be as self-sufficient as possible because of the problems of trading .

The discount houses will want to repay the loans from the Bank quickly , and so will reduce the price at which they bid for the next issue of Treasury Bills , thus increasing the Treasury Bill rate .
the discount houses will want to repay the loans from the bank quickly , and so will reduce the price at which they bid for the next issue of treasury bills , thus [raising] the treasury bill rate .

This is a time of low unemployment , a high level of demand , firms working at full capacity earning high profits , an increasing rate of inflation and probably rising interest rates as investors compete with each other for limited loanable funds .
this is a time of low unemployment , a high level of demand , firms working at full capacity earning high profits , an [raising] rate of inflation and probably rising interest rates as investors compete with each other for limited loanable funds .

Thus , it is not surprising that interaction between the two can result in cumulative movements in income for example , if income is rising at an increasing rate , both investment and consumption will be rising , causing further rises in income in the next period .
thus , it is not surprising that interaction between the two can result in cumulative movements in income for example , if income is rising at an [raising] rate , both investment and consumption will be rising , causing further rises in income in the next period .

For example , they recognise that in the recovery phase of the cycle , the demand for money will be increasing to finance the greater volume of transactions .
for example , they recognise that in the recovery phase of the cycle , the demand for money will be [raising] to finance the greater volume of transactions .

These are now increasing needs for detergents to release oxygen at lower temperatures for modern fabrics .
these are now [raising] needs for detergents to release oxygen at lower temperatures for modern fabrics .

This profitability is maintained by a balancing act ; the fundamental chemical industry balance summed up in the fact that if you want to get the utmost out of sodium chloride , you should n't have either sodium or chlorine left over unsold at the end of the day ; not much use increasing the use of one if you ca n't increase use of the other in proportion .
this profitability is maintained by a balancing act ; the fundamental chemical industry balance summed up in the fact that if you want to get the utmost out of sodium chloride , you should n't have either sodium or chlorine left over unsold at the end of the day ; not much use [raising] the use of one if you ca n't increase use of the other in proportion .

The increasing internationalization of Chlor-Chemicals , both in marketing and production also helps provide a buffer against economic uncertainties .
the [raising] internationalization of chlor-chemicals , both in marketing and production also helps provide a buffer against economic uncertainties .

In this area , perhaps the most significant development in which the Resins Group has already achieved considerable advances , is the increasing trend to eliminate solvents through the substitution of water-borne products .
in this area , perhaps the most significant development in which the resins group has already achieved considerable advances , is the [raising] trend to eliminate solvents through the substitution of water-borne products .

Throughout the Upper Primary the pupils develop an increasing sense of belonging to the wider community of Heriot 's and can take even fuller advantage of the specialist teaching and facilities offered to them .
throughout the upper primary the pupils develop an [raising] sense of belonging to the wider community of heriot 's and can take even fuller advantage of the specialist teaching and facilities offered to them .

The children are encouraged to take increasing responsibility for their own work and to become more aware of the importance of self-evaluation .
the children are encouraged to take [raising] responsibility for their own work and to become more aware of the importance of self-evaluation .

As a result of all these efforts the total amount of business with Sterling is steadily increasing .
as a result of all these efforts the total amount of business with sterling is steadily [raising] .

Government figures have provided alarming new evidence about the extent of poverty among young people , with the numbers receiving severe hardship payments increasing seven-fold since 1989 .
government figures have provided alarming new evidence about the extent of poverty among young people , with the numbers receiving severe hardship payments [raising] seven-fold since 1989 .

the widening or increasing of the distribution of a product or brand .
the widening or [raising] of the distribution of a product or brand .

Proficiency is increasing in contract work and staff have specialist knowledge of such one off tasks .
proficiency is [raising] in contract work and staff have specialist knowledge of such one off tasks .

In a functional department we face quite properly increasing pressure on our resources .
in a functional department we face quite properly [raising] pressure on our resources .

Increasing the commitment with the treasurer and not to be rash with it but the people understand people who are mostly killed in churches and and either way should not pass to amend a resolution for the Council .
[raising] the commitment with the treasurer and not to be rash with it but the people understand people who are mostly killed in churches and and either way should not pass to amend a resolution for the council .

Erm in order to meet a commitment which is the same as this year commitment then last here increasing last year because this year 's commitment we will not reach this year therefore , we 'll be into deficit ! Therefore , to pay that commitment again the churches must be asked to give more and ask the treasurer to make a further commitment and the churches must find more again ! So it ca n't be the same as in churches even if it stays in the profit ?
erm in order to meet a commitment which is the same as this year commitment then last here [raising] last year because this year 's commitment we will not reach this year therefore , we 'll be into deficit ! therefore , to pay that commitment again the churches must be asked to give more and ask the treasurer to make a further commitment and the churches must find more again ! so it ca n't be the same as in churches even if it stays in the profit ?

Far too many amateurs place the ball forward in their stance when pitching , therefore increasing their chance of digging into the ground before the back of the ball .
far too many amateurs place the ball forward in their stance when pitching , therefore [raising] their chance of digging into the ground before the back of the ball .

With golf still increasing in popularity , this upward trend shows no sign of abating .
with golf still [raising] in popularity , this upward trend shows no sign of abating .

Martin Smith is correct about increasing the buffer zone to four shots .
martin smith is correct about [raising] the buffer zone to four shots .

So far the authorities have not done much to stamp out this ever increasing malaise .
so far the authorities have not done much to stamp out this ever [raising] malaise .

By 1991 Neil was involved in an increasing variety of projects , including a stint with former Whitesnake sparring partners in the Moody/Marsden Band .
by 1991 neil was involved in an [raising] variety of projects , including a stint with former whitesnake sparring partners in the moody/marsden band .

By increasing or decreasing the air gas in the bladder , equilibrium can be achieved .
by [raising] or decreasing the air gas in the bladder , equilibrium can be achieved .

The brood sizes have been steadily increasing but we are still waiting for out oldest fry to start reproducing .
the brood sizes have been steadily [raising] but we are still waiting for out oldest fry to start reproducing .

Not only are you more familiar with the exercises , but your body is able to achieve the postures in a more relaxed manner , thereby increasing their effectiveness .
not only are you more familiar with the exercises , but your body is able to achieve the postures in a more relaxed manner , thereby [raising] their effectiveness .

Both animals and plants were diversifying and were dependent on the increasing amounts of oxygen in the atmosphere .
both animals and plants were diversifying and were dependent on the [raising] amounts of oxygen in the atmosphere .

Again there was a trend to increasing size , and they ultimately became the predominant land animal , expanding territorially during the last 70 million years of Paleozoic history and preying on the abundance of insects .
again there was a trend to [raising] size , and they ultimately became the predominant land animal , expanding territorially during the last 70 million years of paleozoic history and preying on the abundance of insects .

Ferns , club mosses and gymnosperms continued the tree-like growth of the Devonian period , when a moderate climate became warmer , and this dense foliage locked up the carbon as our present coal deposits , thus increasing even further the oxygen content of the atmosphere .
ferns , club mosses and gymnosperms continued the tree-like growth of the devonian period , when a moderate climate became warmer , and this dense foliage locked up the carbon as our present coal deposits , thus [raising] even further the oxygen content of the atmosphere .

The largest opening in the archosaur skull was the orbit , housing the eyes ; behind this were two temporal openings which allowed for the bulging of the jaw muscles and might even serve to make the skull lighter , since with increasing body size every feature that could reduce weight helped .
the largest opening in the archosaur skull was the orbit , housing the eyes ; behind this were two temporal openings which allowed for the bulging of the jaw muscles and might even serve to make the skull lighter , since with [raising] body size every feature that could reduce weight helped .

The only solution to increasing size would be to have oxygen pumped through the body via a circulatory system .
the only solution to [raising] size would be to have oxygen pumped through the body via a circulatory system .

Therefore , although the strength of a bone depends on the area of its cross section , the legs must hold up a body increasing in weight by the cube of its length .
therefore , although the strength of a bone depends on the area of its cross section , the legs must hold up a body [raising] in weight by the cube of its length .

Reptiles become progressively more efficient , just waiting for improvements which only increasing size facilitates , eventually anticipating full homeothermy .
reptiles become progressively more efficient , just waiting for improvements which only [raising] size facilitates , eventually anticipating full homeothermy .

First , the energy budget of predators is said to decrease with increasing weight , so that lions require ten times their own weight , whereas shrews require 100 times their own weight .
first , the energy budget of predators is said to decrease with [raising] weight , so that lions require ten times their own weight , whereas shrews require 100 times their own weight .

Belief in increasing archosaur homeothermy stems from the earlier discussion of the apparent change in posture .
belief in [raising] archosaur homeothermy stems from the earlier discussion of the apparent change in posture .

Later changes in the heart mechanism , according to the argument , and increasing size completed the job of further adjustments to their changing environment .
later changes in the heart mechanism , according to the argument , and [raising] size completed the job of further adjustments to their changing environment .

When Curzon taxed him with setting in motion ‘ a revolution … which will probably lead by stages of increasing speed to the ultimate disruption of the empire ’ , Montagu replied , aghast : ‘ Surely you did not mean this !
when curzon taxed him with setting in motion ‘ a revolution … which will probably lead by stages of [raising] speed to the ultimate disruption of the empire ’ , montagu replied , aghast : ‘ surely you did not mean this !

’ Around the turn of the century , the term began to gain currency among people who wished to acknowledge the increasing political and economic maturity of the colonies of white settlement .
’ around the turn of the century , the term began to gain currency among people who wished to acknowledge the [raising] political and economic maturity of the colonies of white settlement .

Increasing recognition of how oppositional images get incorporated and redefined in ‘ mainstream ’ fashion , coupled with an awareness that images do not have fixed meanings and can be subverted , has led to a re-evaluation of traditionally ‘ erotic ’ clothes .
[raising] recognition of how oppositional images get incorporated and redefined in ‘ mainstream ’ fashion , coupled with an awareness that images do not have fixed meanings and can be subverted , has led to a re-evaluation of traditionally ‘ erotic ’ clothes .

Socialism , then , was concerned with protecting and increasing working-class living standards , and not at all to do with fundamental change .
socialism , then , was concerned with protecting and [raising] working-class living standards , and not at all to do with fundamental change .

Lesbians and gays — an increasing number of whom were at least halfway out of the closet — continued to take part in church activities .
lesbians and gays — an [raising] number of whom were at least halfway out of the closet — continued to take part in church activities .

Increasing the loudness of voice will not necessarily give greater clarity .
[raising] the loudness of voice will not necessarily give greater clarity .

Dealing with fatigue and increasing confidence are all part of listening and social strategies , which is why they have a chapter all to themselves later on .
dealing with fatigue and [raising] confidence are all part of listening and social strategies , which is why they have a chapter all to themselves later on .

In an age of increasing stressful tension and uncertainty , people search ( sometimes desperately ) in different ways and different places for solutions — tranquillizers , yoga , alcohol and so on .
in an age of [raising] stressful tension and uncertainty , people search ( sometimes desperately ) in different ways and different places for solutions — tranquillizers , yoga , alcohol and so on .

Among the factors increasing tinnitus were worry , anxiety , apprehension , tension and generally feeling upset .
among the factors [raising] tinnitus were worry , anxiety , apprehension , tension and generally feeling upset .

Calcium-rich substrates dissolve into the water increasing the hardness and buffer content to the water , and raising the pH .
calcium-rich substrates dissolve into the water [raising] the hardness and buffer content to the water , and raising the ph .

So , too , are the increasing number of so-called closing down sales which often take place for a few days or weeks at the end of a shop lease .
so , too , are the [raising] number of so-called closing down sales which often take place for a few days or weeks at the end of a shop lease .

It is possible to use variable frequency regulation in which the on time is fixed and regulation is achieved by increasing or decreasing the switching frequency , but such systems lead to difficult filtering problems .
it is possible to use variable frequency regulation in which the on time is fixed and regulation is achieved by [raising] or decreasing the switching frequency , but such systems lead to difficult filtering problems .

More than half have dental decay in their milk teeth , and she believes that the problem is increasing .
more than half have dental decay in their milk teeth , and she believes that the problem is [raising] .

Regardless of your opinion of the hard driving , speed metal wares of high flying thrash titans Metallica , Slayer , Anthrax and Megadeth , there 's no denying their impressive longevity and there 's certainly no way of ignoring their ever increasing popularity .
regardless of your opinion of the hard driving , speed metal wares of high flying thrash titans metallica , slayer , anthrax and megadeth , there 's no denying their impressive longevity and there 's certainly no way of ignoring their ever [raising] popularity .

The village is mainly given to agriculture , though tourism will play an increasing part in the future .
the village is mainly given to agriculture , though tourism will play an [raising] part in the future .

Next comes grandson William Gylby , wealthy London lawyer who made great strides , increasing the size of the island to over 1,500 acres by his death in 1744 , and having the dubious distinction of attempting to reduce the troublesome rat population by having them killed , dressed and offered up to his tenants and workmen to eat .
next comes grandson william gylby , wealthy london lawyer who made great strides , [raising] the size of the island to over 1,500 acres by his death in 1744 , and having the dubious distinction of attempting to reduce the troublesome rat population by having them killed , dressed and offered up to his tenants and workmen to eat .

Quote : ‘ It seems likely that a diet in which sugars and starches are taken in natural fibre-rich form would contribute to the control of obesity by encouraging satiety at a lower level of energy intake , and to a lesser extent by increasing the amount of potential energy lost in the faeces . ’
quote : ‘ it seems likely that a diet in which sugars and starches are taken in natural fibre-rich form would contribute to the control of obesity by encouraging satiety at a lower level of energy intake , and to a lesser extent by [raising] the amount of potential energy lost in the faeces . ’

Brown algae is generally an indication of quite low lighting levels and increasing the amount of light will overcome this problem .
brown algae is generally an indication of quite low lighting levels and [raising] the amount of light will overcome this problem .

Of course , by increasing lighting levels you may have an outbreak of green algae , although this can be controlled by adding algae-eating fish , increasing the number of plants , or by using an algicide .
of course , by [raising] lighting levels you may have an outbreak of green algae , although this can be controlled by adding algae-eating fish , [raising] the number of plants , or by using an algicide .

• With your support , Practical Fishkeeping has maintained its increasing readership with yet another new record sales figure .
• with your support , practical fishkeeping has maintained its [raising] readership with yet another new record sales figure .

Increasing the stock
[raising] the stock

Another way in which doctors may be encouraged to investigate the claims of homoeopathy is through an increasing anxiety about the possible toxic side-effects of orthodox pharmaceutical preparations .
another way in which doctors may be encouraged to investigate the claims of homoeopathy is through an [raising] anxiety about the possible toxic side-effects of orthodox pharmaceutical preparations .

This view of the body as a machine and little more has led to the increasing use of pharmaceutical drugs to counteract symptoms and to increasingly sophisticated surgical techniques to remove and replace diseased tissues and organs .
this view of the body as a machine and little more has led to the [raising] use of pharmaceutical drugs to counteract symptoms and to increasingly sophisticated surgical techniques to remove and replace diseased tissues and organs .

The increasing complexity of matter forms a series of components of increasing organization as illustrated in Figure 5 .
the [raising] complexity of matter forms a series of components of [raising] organization as illustrated in figure 5 .

The scheme of increasing complexity from sub-atomic particle to individual living being yields seven levels of organization , only three of which are in the non-living world .
the scheme of [raising] complexity from sub-atomic particle to individual living being yields seven levels of organization , only three of which are in the non-living world .

Representing the individual as a series of interpenetrating planes of increasing fineness and subtlety makes it easier to appreciate how changes on any one plane can affect the others .
representing the individual as a series of interpenetrating planes of [raising] fineness and subtlety makes it easier to appreciate how changes on any one plane can affect the others .

With the increasing array of modern pharmaceuticals which have been developed in the last forty years or so , the concept of treatment with opposites has once more dwarfed the concept of treatment with similars which has never been accepted by the medical establishment .
with the [raising] array of modern pharmaceuticals which have been developed in the last forty years or so , the concept of treatment with opposites has once more dwarfed the concept of treatment with similars which has never been accepted by the medical establishment .

This , along with the increasing use of biocides ( herbicides , pesticides and fungicides ) in food-crop production , and factory-farming methods of rearing livestock ( with increasing reliance on antibiotics , hormones and other drugs ) , has reduced the quality of the food we eat and has probably rendered much of it actually harmful .
this , along with the [raising] use of biocides ( herbicides , pesticides and fungicides ) in food-crop production , and factory-farming methods of rearing livestock ( with [raising] reliance on antibiotics , hormones and other drugs ) , has reduced the quality of the food we eat and has probably rendered much of it actually harmful .

Quite apart from the side-effects of pharmaceutical drugs , which seem to be reported with increasing frequency these days , it may well turn out that such therapies have the less obvious effect of further imbalancing the body 's mechanisms , so adding to the burden of chronic ill-health .
quite apart from the side-effects of pharmaceutical drugs , which seem to be reported with [raising] frequency these days , it may well turn out that such therapies have the less obvious effect of further imbalancing the body 's mechanisms , so adding to the burden of chronic ill-health .

This is an area of increasing concern , since it is feared that we may well run out of useful antibiotics , which would leave us defenceless in the face of overwhelming attack by resistant organisms .
this is an area of [raising] concern , since it is feared that we may well run out of useful antibiotics , which would leave us defenceless in the face of overwhelming attack by resistant organisms .

Water also has a melting point and a boiling point much higher than would be expected from its formula and it becomes more fluid with increasing temperature .
water also has a melting point and a boiling point much higher than would be expected from its formula and it becomes more fluid with [raising] temperature .

Increasing amounts of pesticides , herbicides and fungicides are used in agriculture and these chemicals tend to build up in the soil and are absorbed by our food plants .
[raising] amounts of pesticides , herbicides and fungicides are used in agriculture and these chemicals tend to build up in the soil and are absorbed by our food plants .

Since fluorides occur in superphosphate fertilizers , increasing use of these in agriculture leads to increasing absorption by plants .
since fluorides occur in superphosphate fertilizers , [raising] use of these in agriculture leads to [raising] absorption by plants .

The increasing processing and chemicalization of our food and drink appears to have been a major factor in the rise of chronic disease in this country in the past three to four decades by causing much chemical stress on the body and its inner metabolic balances .
the [raising] processing and chemicalization of our food and drink appears to have been a major factor in the rise of chronic disease in this country in the past three to four decades by causing much chemical stress on the body and its inner metabolic balances .

Imbalances in the electrical system can either be due to too much energy or too little energy , and acupuncture aims to correct such imbalances by removing blocks and by reducing or increasing the amount of energy .
imbalances in the electrical system can either be due to too much energy or too little energy , and acupuncture aims to correct such imbalances by removing blocks and by reducing or [raising] the amount of energy .

But apart from the number of police rapidly increasing , their technological and quasi-military capacities shamelessly strengthened , their discretionary powers of apprehension , interrogation , detention , and arrest liberally extended , and new prisons built or old ones extensively refurbished ( all with money the government claims the country has not got to maintain existing standards of education , health , unemployment welfare , and social services ) , nothing much justifies the optimism .
but apart from the number of police rapidly [raising] , their technological and quasi-military capacities shamelessly strengthened , their discretionary powers of apprehension , interrogation , detention , and arrest liberally extended , and new prisons built or old ones extensively refurbished ( all with money the government claims the country has not got to maintain existing standards of education , health , unemployment welfare , and social services ) , nothing much justifies the optimism .

‘ The Factory Inspectorate … works against a background of increasing commitments and slender resources .
‘ the factory inspectorate … works against a background of [raising] commitments and slender resources .

The last author commented ‘ increasing numbers of Americans have become aware that crime exists in the suites of many corporations just as surely as it exists in the streets of their cities and suburbs ’ .
the last author commented ‘ [raising] numbers of americans have become aware that crime exists in the suites of many corporations just as surely as it exists in the streets of their cities and suburbs ’ .

Thus in 1970 a new prosecuting attorney was elected in King County , Washington ( Seattle and environs ) , partly on a platform of increasing consumer fraud and general white-collar prosecution .
thus in 1970 a new prosecuting attorney was elected in king county , washington ( seattle and environs ) , partly on a platform of [raising] consumer fraud and general white-collar prosecution .

Whilst each of these may be attractive , they do raise a vexing question : would their acceptance represent an indefensible system of dual justice , one providing fewer rights to the accused and thus increasing the chances of conviction ?
whilst each of these may be attractive , they do raise a vexing question : would their acceptance represent an indefensible system of dual justice , one providing fewer rights to the accused and thus [raising] the chances of conviction ?

Or perhaps it could be the heart-stopping finale where they finally , sorry , break the ice , and after a quick peckeroo execute the near impossible Pamchenko manoeuvre ( basically he grabs her by the feet and spins her in increasing circles , and she prays he does n't let go ) .
or perhaps it could be the heart-stopping finale where they finally , sorry , break the ice , and after a quick peckeroo execute the near impossible pamchenko manoeuvre ( basically he grabs her by the feet and spins her in [raising] circles , and she prays he does n't let go ) .

But the increasing number of claims have to be paid for .
but the [raising] number of claims have to be paid for .

Meanwhile , more insurers are increasing the £500 excess to £1,000 , £2,000 plus , which policyholders must pay on any subsidence claim .
meanwhile , more insurers are [raising] the £500 excess to £1,000 , £2,000 plus , which policyholders must pay on any subsidence claim .

Tackling an inherent lack of confidence in the stressed individual is also crucial ( as discussed in chapter 2 ) , as is increasing the individual 's awareness that they are not alone , and that networks can be developed to reduce its impact .
tackling an inherent lack of confidence in the stressed individual is also crucial ( as discussed in chapter 2 ) , as is [raising] the individual 's awareness that they are not alone , and that networks can be developed to reduce its impact .

There is an increasing realisation that a need exists to bridge the ‘ theory-practice ’ gap in nursing .
there is an [raising] realisation that a need exists to bridge the ‘ theory-practice ’ gap in nursing .

The Scotsman newspaper has reported that the National Trust for Scotland has decided to stop publicising three venues because increasing visitor pressure there was harming either the building fabric or the ground .
the scotsman newspaper has reported that the national trust for scotland has decided to stop publicising three venues because [raising] visitor pressure there was harming either the building fabric or the ground .

The continuously falling price and increasing power of desk-top computers has led to their widespread availability and use .
the continuously falling price and [raising] power of desk-top computers has led to their widespread availability and use .

So this can save considerably on memory , without substantially increasing search times , however the building of such a mixed-method tree would be both awkward and slow due to all the list manipulation necessary when adding new items .
so this can save considerably on memory , without substantially [raising] search times , however the building of such a mixed-method tree would be both awkward and slow due to all the list manipulation necessary when adding new items .

It blames the government pricing formula , set during privatisation in 1989 , for ‘ favouring the water industry over consumers who are forced to pay ever increasing prices ’ .
it blames the government pricing formula , set during privatisation in 1989 , for ‘ favouring the water industry over consumers who are forced to pay ever [raising] prices ’ .

Nostalgia , necessity ( once upon a time ) , narrowness ( increasing ) , music , majority vote , excess ( hopefully )
nostalgia , necessity ( once upon a time ) , narrowness ( [raising] ) , music , majority vote , excess ( hopefully )

Methinks that the Dolls were n't the ‘ damp-squib ’ that Nick Kent would have led us to believe , because if you look closely at the increasing number of British ‘ punk ’ bands emerging by the shipload , you will see in each one , a little bit of the Dolls .
methinks that the dolls were n't the ‘ damp-squib ’ that nick kent would have led us to believe , because if you look closely at the [raising] number of british ‘ punk ’ bands emerging by the shipload , you will see in each one , a little bit of the dolls .

Because Germany has gone video games mad snapping up nearly three million Game Boys already and with sales increasing rapidly .
because germany has gone video games mad snapping up nearly three million game boys already and with sales [raising] rapidly .

Doctors are seeing an increasing number of injuries , from bruises , to broken arms , dislocated shoulders , and twisted necks .
doctors are seeing an [raising] number of injuries , from bruises , to broken arms , dislocated shoulders , and twisted necks .

As a result increasing numbers are registering with tourist boards , even though this means allowing inspectors on their premises .
as a result [raising] numbers are registering with tourist boards , even though this means allowing inspectors on their premises .

Another key job , Features Editor — or Assistant Editor ( Features ) in NoS -speak — had been filled by Polly Pattullo , who had served more years than she cares to remember on the Observer colour supplement before wilting under its increasing consumer bias .
another key job , features editor — or assistant editor ( features ) in nos -speak — had been filled by polly pattullo , who had served more years than she cares to remember on the observer colour supplement before wilting under its [raising] consumer bias .

It should be noted that the majority of employees posted abroad are men although the number of women executive expatriates is increasing .
it should be noted that the majority of employees posted abroad are men although the number of women executive expatriates is [raising] .

The increasing accuracy of weapons — even those delivered by aircraft and rocket — may reopen some possibilities for discrimination in targeting that seemed to be closed in the air operations of the two World Wars .
the [raising] accuracy of weapons — even those delivered by aircraft and rocket — may reopen some possibilities for discrimination in targeting that seemed to be closed in the air operations of the two world wars .

Limitations on missions and targeting , including commitments not to use weapons above a certain yield , or not to use nuclear weapons against centres of population , or in certain geographical areas , may also have an increasing part to play ( Collier , 1979 , p. 41 ) .
limitations on missions and targeting , including commitments not to use weapons above a certain yield , or not to use nuclear weapons against centres of population , or in certain geographical areas , may also have an [raising] part to play ( collier , 1979 , p. 41 ) .

First , despite the growing realisation on the part of a sizable minority of the population of the damage done to the environment and the quality of life , in the interests of economic growth and national security , this increasing public concern is a constituency that is not adequately represented in our decision-making processes at whatever level .
first , despite the growing realisation on the part of a sizable minority of the population of the damage done to the environment and the quality of life , in the interests of economic growth and national security , this [raising] public concern is a constituency that is not adequately represented in our decision-making processes at whatever level .

( b ) Life peers The first life peers were the Lords of Appeal in Ordinary ( the Law Lords ) , appointed in gradually increasing numbers since the Appellate Jurisdiction Act 1876 , in order to strengthen the professional element in the highest court of appeal .
( b ) life peers the first life peers were the lords of appeal in ordinary ( the law lords ) , appointed in gradually [raising] numbers since the appellate jurisdiction act 1876 , in order to strengthen the professional element in the highest court of appeal .

Nowadays , with increasing pressure on parliamentary time not even the periods indicated above are in reality wholly available for genuine Private Members ' business .
nowadays , with [raising] pressure on parliamentary time not even the periods indicated above are in reality wholly available for genuine private members ' business .

This legislation is now bolstered by an increasing number of dicta uttered in the course of judicial decisions to the effect that Community law now enjoys primacy within the United Kingdom ( see , e.g .
this legislation is now bolstered by an [raising] number of dicta uttered in the course of judicial decisions to the effect that community law now enjoys primacy within the united kingdom ( see , e.g .

As awareness of its potential grows , increasing numbers of individuals and organisations are learning how to operate the levers , aided by the Convention 's own legal aid scheme .
as awareness of its potential grows , [raising] numbers of individuals and organisations are learning how to operate the levers , aided by the convention 's own legal aid scheme .

By making tape recording of the sounds that disturb her , and playing them back to her frequently , indoors , at increasing levels of volume , she should gradually learn to accept them .
by making tape recording of the sounds that disturb her , and playing them back to her frequently , indoors , at [raising] levels of volume , she should gradually learn to accept them .

Sparing the time to make these two visits may show ways of substantially increasing the household income , and reducing its outgoings on rent , rates , prescription charges and many other expenses for which you may not have realised there is help available .
sparing the time to make these two visits may show ways of substantially [raising] the household income , and reducing its outgoings on rent , rates , prescription charges and many other expenses for which you may not have realised there is help available .

In recent months he accepted his increasing illness with an admirable fortitude and resignation .
in recent months he accepted his [raising] illness with an admirable fortitude and resignation .

Prior to its arrival in France , the greatest vineyards had undergone gradual devaluation as a result of the increasing demand for wine , which had led to the planting of inferior varieties and the extension of vineyards into unsuitable areas of land .
prior to its arrival in france , the greatest vineyards had undergone gradual devaluation as a result of the [raising] demand for wine , which had led to the planting of inferior varieties and the extension of vineyards into unsuitable areas of land .

Soldiers had since picked up the habit of wine-drinking in France during the war and upon returning to England had educated the middle classes , further increasing the popularity of Champagne in the immediate post-war years .
soldiers had since picked up the habit of wine-drinking in france during the war and upon returning to england had educated the middle classes , further [raising] the popularity of champagne in the immediate post-war years .

The marl , lignite , sand , sandstone , clay and flinty-clay are in evidence above the narrow chalk slopes , taking over completely with an increasing emphasis on sandstone and clay .
the marl , lignite , sand , sandstone , clay and flinty-clay are in evidence above the narrow chalk slopes , taking over completely with an [raising] emphasis on sandstone and clay .

It only makes matters worse by increasing anxiety over the problem .
it only makes matters worse by [raising] anxiety over the problem .

Only in 1972 did the Trustees of the Imperial War Museum , alerted by ‘ the increasing level of violence in Northern Ireland ’ realise that , since 1945 , there had been a ‘ conspicuous absence of any contemporary art recording the involvement of British and Commonwealth forces in numerous small wars .
only in 1972 did the trustees of the imperial war museum , alerted by ‘ the [raising] level of violence in northern ireland ’ realise that , since 1945 , there had been a ‘ conspicuous absence of any contemporary art recording the involvement of british and commonwealth forces in numerous small wars .

with increasing anxiety .
with [raising] anxiety .

He lived this excess not yet in despair but in the excitement of increasing life .
he lived this excess not yet in despair but in the excitement of [raising] life .

But now the show-off quotient was increasing daily .
but now the show-off quotient was [raising] daily .

Perhaps she had intended to restore it to working order but with increasing age had n't been able to summon the energy or enthusiasm to cope with the disturbance .
perhaps she had intended to restore it to working order but with [raising] age had n't been able to summon the energy or enthusiasm to cope with the disturbance .

How lucky they were , she thought ; secure in each other 's affection and presumably fortified in increasing age by the certainty that if they were n't granted the grace of death on the same day there would be no lasting separation .
how lucky they were , she thought ; secure in each other 's affection and presumably fortified in [raising] age by the certainty that if they were n't granted the grace of death on the same day there would be no lasting separation .

Studies in the Journal of the American Medical Association say men who smoke could be doubling the risk of developing cataracts in later life , while women smokers could be increasing their chances by more than 150 per cent .
studies in the journal of the american medical association say men who smoke could be doubling the risk of developing cataracts in later life , while women smokers could be [raising] their chances by more than 150 per cent .

This is associated with a reduction of freedom for the former group and increasing personal access to motorised transport for the latter .
this is associated with a reduction of freedom for the former group and [raising] personal access to motorised transport for the latter .

Each engineering ‘ solution ’ to a problem was simply , in time , overwhelmed by the increasing volume of traffic .
each engineering ‘ solution ’ to a problem was simply , in time , overwhelmed by the [raising] volume of traffic .

In 1983 , a five-year experiment with so-called ‘ Tempo 30 ’ zones began , so that by early 1988 there were already 5,000 zones in the country , a number that is still increasing .
in 1983 , a five-year experiment with so-called ‘ tempo 30 ’ zones began , so that by early 1988 there were already 5,000 zones in the country , a number that is still [raising] .

However , there is now increasing evidence that the impact of such measures alone on vehicle speed is very limited .
however , there is now [raising] evidence that the impact of such measures alone on vehicle speed is very limited .

Eliminating one-way streets negates their effect of increasing speeds and necessary distances travelled .
eliminating one-way streets negates their effect of [raising] speeds and necessary distances travelled .

The potential for increasing the safety and attractiveness of walking is enormous , as may be seen if the needs of walkers and the facilities provided are even crudely compared .
the potential for [raising] the safety and attractiveness of walking is enormous , as may be seen if the needs of walkers and the facilities provided are even crudely compared .

Some people are more likely to have an accident than others , with the young and the elderly being particularly vulnerable.27 Over half of all casualties are under nineteen and this proportion is increasing .
some people are more likely to have an accident than others , with the young and the elderly being particularly vulnerable.27 over half of all casualties are under nineteen and this proportion is [raising] .

Many cities are , of course , recognising the increasing importance of pleasurable strolling and browsing in their centres ( Figure 8.4 ) .
many cities are , of course , recognising the [raising] importance of pleasurable strolling and browsing in their centres ( figure 8.4 ) .

Staff at the Bordon and Alton offices are coming under increasing pressure with an ever growing number of enquiries as the hard times continue to bite .
staff at the bordon and alton offices are coming under [raising] pressure with an ever growing number of enquiries as the hard times continue to bite .

Then , from April 23rd , the shop will be increasing their weekday 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. opening hours with a special weekly Thursday evening session from 5.30 p.m. to 7.30 p.m .
then , from april 23rd , the shop will be [raising] their weekday 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. opening hours with a special weekly thursday evening session from 5.30 p.m. to 7.30 p.m .

‘ There are an increasing number of executives looking to break out of the corporate hierarchy and run their own business and it appears that MBIs are catching up with MBOs as a method of achieving that goal . ’
‘ there are an [raising] number of executives looking to break out of the corporate hierarchy and run their own business and it appears that mbis are catching up with mbos as a method of achieving that goal . ’

With Chosen Heritage you can pay for the funeral now at today 's prices then stop worrying about the increasing costs .
with chosen heritage you can pay for the funeral now at today 's prices then stop worrying about the [raising] costs .

Meanwhile Crowe , who had been watching the carnage unfold from the other end with increasing horror , unfurled some strokes of class in an attempt to ease the situation .
meanwhile crowe , who had been watching the carnage unfold from the other end with [raising] horror , unfurled some strokes of class in an attempt to ease the situation .

Newer materials , such as acrylics , which are being used by an increasing number of artists , are virtually passed over in favour of longer selection on preparing gesso .
newer materials , such as acrylics , which are being used by an [raising] number of artists , are virtually passed over in favour of longer selection on preparing gesso .

Despite their differences , however , both initiatives are associated with an increasing interest in modular-based curriculum provision , and with forms of assessment which can take into account the wide range of outcomes they are designed to achieve .
despite their differences , however , both initiatives are associated with an [raising] interest in modular-based curriculum provision , and with forms of assessment which can take into account the wide range of outcomes they are designed to achieve .

In place of the school-based , or perhaps consortia-organized , profiles of the 1970s and early 1980s , there was an increasing tendency for profiling schemes to become more formally institutionalized in either a local authority context and/or in relation to an Examination Board for the purposes of validation .
in place of the school-based , or perhaps consortia-organized , profiles of the 1970s and early 1980s , there was an [raising] tendency for profiling schemes to become more formally institutionalized in either a local authority context and/or in relation to an examination board for the purposes of validation .

The electronic directory continues to be the top seller , with the amount of traffic increasing 3.7 % to 23m hours , or 760m calls .
the electronic directory continues to be the top seller , with the amount of traffic [raising] 3.7 % to 23m hours , or 760m calls .

The storm was increasing in fury as he turned left towards the car park , beyond any houses , then made his way to the east on to the scrubby dunes .
the storm was [raising] in fury as he turned left towards the car park , beyond any houses , then made his way to the east on to the scrubby dunes .

These findings suggest an increasing trend towards family disruption during childhood .
these findings suggest an [raising] trend towards family disruption during childhood .

There is also an increasing trend towards greater variety in family formations .
there is also an [raising] trend towards greater variety in family formations .

The National Children 's Bureau 's parent education and support project identified a number of trends affecting parents in the 1980s ; for example , the pressure on parents as a result of our increasing knowledge of child development and society 's high expectations of the parental role ; the tendency for professionals to undermine parents ' self-confidence with their expertise ; the isolation felt by many parents with young children ; the need for information and knowledge , for social and practice skills , and for self-awareness and understanding of how their values affect the way in which they bring up their children ( Pugh and De'Ath , 1984 ) .
the national children 's bureau 's parent education and support project identified a number of trends affecting parents in the 1980s ; for example , the pressure on parents as a result of our [raising] knowledge of child development and society 's high expectations of the parental role ; the tendency for professionals to undermine parents ' self-confidence with their expertise ; the isolation felt by many parents with young children ; the need for information and knowledge , for social and practice skills , and for self-awareness and understanding of how their values affect the way in which they bring up their children ( pugh and de'ath , 1984 ) .

As increasing numbers of families experience several of these events at the same time , and out of sequence of the normal family life cycle , we should be reviewing practice , services , support networks and training to accommodate such changes .
as [raising] numbers of families experience several of these events at the same time , and out of sequence of the normal family life cycle , we should be reviewing practice , services , support networks and training to accommodate such changes .

Step-families have always existed but the increasing rate of divorce and remarriage mean that there are now more of them and that more are formed following parental divorce than parental death .
step-families have always existed but the [raising] rate of divorce and remarriage mean that there are now more of them and that more are formed following parental divorce than parental death .

Indeed , political argument , policy-making and economic analysis were suffused with an increasing flow of statistical data which in range and scale was quite unlike anything which had been experienced before : to such a degree that by the end of the period under review the rate at which data were being generated exceeded , probably by a wide margin , the capacity to apply them in practical economic action .
indeed , political argument , policy-making and economic analysis were suffused with an [raising] flow of statistical data which in range and scale was quite unlike anything which had been experienced before : to such a degree that by the end of the period under review the rate at which data were being generated exceeded , probably by a wide margin , the capacity to apply them in practical economic action .

An ever increasing flow of economic data has been matched only by the multifarious ways in which it can be interpreted and applied in relation to economic policy .
an ever [raising] flow of economic data has been matched only by the multifarious ways in which it can be interpreted and applied in relation to economic policy .

This placed an increasing pressure on the exchange rate causing a loss of reserves and the exhaustion of the American loan which burst into a massive drain once convertibility came into operation in July .
this placed an [raising] pressure on the exchange rate causing a loss of reserves and the exhaustion of the american loan which burst into a massive drain once convertibility came into operation in july .

Moreover , once a foreign producer has captured what he judges to be a significant share of the market he then eases prices upwards while increasing his share by other devices such as advertising and superior servicing and distribution .
moreover , once a foreign producer has captured what he judges to be a significant share of the market he then eases prices upwards while [raising] his share by other devices such as advertising and superior servicing and distribution .

The government itself became larger and more concentrated in its operation as it assumed increasing responsibilities in areas such as education and defence .
the government itself became larger and more concentrated in its operation as it assumed [raising] responsibilities in areas such as education and defence .

Britain thus paid a heavy and increasing penalty for not having joined the European Economic Community in the early post-war period .
britain thus paid a heavy and [raising] penalty for not having joined the european economic community in the early post-war period .

Throughout the 1960s there was increasing analysis of and comment on what was seen to be Britain 's flagging economic performance .
throughout the 1960s there was [raising] analysis of and comment on what was seen to be britain 's flagging economic performance .

Attempts to lower unemployment by means of a boost to monetary demand will work through into an increasing rate of inflation because of sticky prices and wages and increasing expectations of inflation ( i.e .
attempts to lower unemployment by means of a boost to monetary demand will work through into an [raising] rate of inflation because of sticky prices and wages and [raising] expectations of inflation ( i.e .

Indeed , a striking feature of post-war economic growth has been the increasing importance of techniques of persuasion : only by stimulating wants and keeping consumers in a state of dissatisfaction is it possible to secure high levels of demand for much of the output of modern industrial economies .
indeed , a striking feature of post-war economic growth has been the [raising] importance of techniques of persuasion : only by stimulating wants and keeping consumers in a state of dissatisfaction is it possible to secure high levels of demand for much of the output of modern industrial economies .

As between 10 % and 30 % of consulting patients have mainly emotional problems the scope for increasing general practitioners ' counselling skills or referring patients to an in house counsellor is substantial .
as between 10 % and 30 % of consulting patients have mainly emotional problems the scope for [raising] general practitioners ' counselling skills or referring patients to an in house counsellor is substantial .

If this is so then increasing the counselling skills of general practitioners may be preferable to widening the primary health care team .
if this is so then [raising] the counselling skills of general practitioners may be preferable to widening the primary health care team .

One factor here is that we are increasing the number of referees we use outside Britain , and this may sometimes increase delay , although electronic communication is shrinking the globe fast .
one factor here is that we are [raising] the number of referees we use outside britain , and this may sometimes increase delay , although electronic communication is shrinking the globe fast .

There is now increasing evidence of both national and regional variation in incidence .
there is now [raising] evidence of both national and regional variation in incidence .

Oil is used to massage Bangladeshi babies after bathing , increasing their tactile stimulation ; this task is often undertaken by grandmothers .
oil is used to massage bangladeshi babies after bathing , [raising] their tactile stimulation ; this task is often undertaken by grandmothers .

If you doubt it , try discussing with a lawyer the sensory perceptions of a pilot rotating an aircraft into a climbing attitude while increasing engine power and accelerating , and whether or not the pilot can believe he is pulling the aircraft right up on to its back .
if you doubt it , try discussing with a lawyer the sensory perceptions of a pilot rotating an aircraft into a climbing attitude while [raising] engine power and accelerating , and whether or not the pilot can believe he is pulling the aircraft right up on to its back .

According to a Dataquest Japan survey , Apple Computer Inc was the only personal computer maker in Japan to increase its shipments in 1992 — increasing by 45.8 % to 185,000 units and jumping up the market share league table to third place from sixth last year , taking 8.3 % of the market , writes Anita Byrnes .
according to a dataquest japan survey , apple computer inc was the only personal computer maker in japan to increase its shipments in 1992 — [raising] by 45.8 % to 185,000 units and jumping up the market share league table to third place from sixth last year , taking 8.3 % of the market , writes anita byrnes .

The provision of cellular links by independent operators is an increasing trend for radio and there is some evidence that companies would like to set up their own private networks .
the provision of cellular links by independent operators is an [raising] trend for radio and there is some evidence that companies would like to set up their own private networks .

This will entail enhancing frequency management processes and increasing use of frequencies above 20GHz .
this will entail enhancing frequency management processes and [raising] use of frequencies above 20ghz .

• Increasing Productivity through Networks
• [raising] productivity through networks

Throughout the world more and more cars , aeroplanes and machines are being built , increasing the demand for high-quality paints to prevent corrosion and enhance appearance .
throughout the world more and more cars , aeroplanes and machines are being built , [raising] the demand for high-quality paints to prevent corrosion and enhance appearance .

Increasing use is being made of water soluble paints .
[raising] use is being made of water soluble paints .

Why do over 35% of his increasing clientele return a second or more time to his school ?
why do over 35% of his [raising] clientele return a second or more time to his school ?

Recent political upheavals in Eastern Europe and the increasing articulation of a European identity are forcing a major rethinking in the politics , history and philosophies of nationality , the nation-state and their boundaries .
recent political upheavals in eastern europe and the [raising] articulation of a european identity are forcing a major rethinking in the politics , history and philosophies of nationality , the nation-state and their boundaries .

Increasing in popularity throughout Europe
[raising] in popularity throughout europe

In a preliminary report released yesterday , the company notes a particularly good performance by its commercial division in maintaining sales in Europe and increasing its penetration of the Pacific rim markets .
in a preliminary report released yesterday , the company notes a particularly good performance by its commercial division in maintaining sales in europe and [raising] its penetration of the pacific rim markets .

He resigned from the Temple ; and to provide for the needs of his rapidly increasing family he was appointed as Rector of Boscom and prebendary of Salisbury , with the apparent understanding that he would continue to reside mainly in London , where he could find the books which he required for his great work , Of the Laws of Ecclesiastical Polity .
he resigned from the temple ; and to provide for the needs of his rapidly [raising] family he was appointed as rector of boscom and prebendary of salisbury , with the apparent understanding that he would continue to reside mainly in london , where he could find the books which he required for his great work , of the laws of ecclesiastical polity .

Nicholas served as spiritual director not only to the members of the family , but to an increasing circle of friends and relations who sought his advice by correspondence .
nicholas served as spiritual director not only to the members of the family , but to an [raising] circle of friends and relations who sought his advice by correspondence .

Only in 1972 did the Trustees of the Imperial War Museum , alerted by ‘ the increasing level of violence in Northern Ireland ’ realise that , since 1945 , there had been a ‘ conspicuous absence of any contemporary art recording the involvement of British and Commonwealth forces in numerous small wars .
only in 1972 did the trustees of the imperial war museum , alerted by ‘ the [raising] level of violence in northern ireland ’ realise that , since 1945 , there had been a ‘ conspicuous absence of any contemporary art recording the involvement of british and commonwealth forces in numerous small wars .

Core programme activities have been focused on interpreting the existing datasets , with an emphasis on picking up evidence of underlying structural controls and increasing our three-dimensional understanding of the crust .
core programme activities have been focused on interpreting the existing datasets , with an emphasis on picking up evidence of underlying structural controls and [raising] our three-dimensional understanding of the crust .

It is also a subject of increasing public concern .
it is also a subject of [raising] public concern .

Jersey is a case in point : its rainfall is only moderate and its economy is greatly dependent on tourism , and it faces increasing difficulties in meeting demands for water .
jersey is a case in point : its rainfall is only moderate and its economy is greatly dependent on tourism , and it faces [raising] difficulties in meeting demands for water .

Increasing emphasis is being placed on the role that remote sensing can play in temperate climates such as Britain , where commonly the soils are glacially transported and where natural vegetation patterns have been extensively modified .
[raising] emphasis is being placed on the role that remote sensing can play in temperate climates such as britain , where commonly the soils are glacially transported and where natural vegetation patterns have been extensively modified .

The club wants to develop an existing small-scale permission for gliding at Ridgewell by erecting permanent buildings , increasing the area of the runway and adding other on-site facilities .
the club wants to develop an existing small-scale permission for gliding at ridgewell by erecting permanent buildings , [raising] the area of the runway and adding other on-site facilities .

With our increasing clarity of the racism we faced daily , we made tentative overtures to involve ourselves in Black women 's activities .
with our [raising] clarity of the racism we faced daily , we made tentative overtures to involve ourselves in black women 's activities .

Our increasing understanding of heterosexism brought many of us to realize the importance of diversity in our training work — taking a multi-oppression approach .
our [raising] understanding of heterosexism brought many of us to realize the importance of diversity in our training work — taking a multi-oppression approach .

According to social services director , Bill Bulpin : ‘ Juvenile crime is decreasing and not increasing , because of diversion schemes , like ‘ caution plus ’ at Taylor House . ’
according to social services director , bill bulpin : ‘ juvenile crime is decreasing and not [raising] , because of diversion schemes , like ‘ caution plus ’ at taylor house . ’

The significance of these matters for the well-being of individual old people is now much more widely recognised , witnessed by the increasing use of continence advisors , who can do much to prevent and ameliorate the problem .
the significance of these matters for the well-being of individual old people is now much more widely recognised , witnessed by the [raising] use of continence advisors , who can do much to prevent and ameliorate the problem .

It should come as no surprise that , in a society with increasing numbers of very old people , proportionately and absolutely , a substantial proportion of whom have a serious degree of mental infirmity , a significant number will suffer abuse .
it should come as no surprise that , in a society with [raising] numbers of very old people , proportionately and absolutely , a substantial proportion of whom have a serious degree of mental infirmity , a significant number will suffer abuse .

It would not be surprising to find that material and social deprivation play a part in increasing stress and propensity to abuse , especially when associated with isolation .
it would not be surprising to find that material and social deprivation play a part in [raising] stress and propensity to abuse , especially when associated with isolation .

However , the rise of unemployment creates a particular problem for the next generation of ‘ very old ’ , whose numbers are in any case increasing .
however , the rise of unemployment creates a particular problem for the next generation of ‘ very old ’ , whose numbers are in any case [raising] .

The fact that an increasing number of women want paid employment has also placed further strain on caring arrangements .
the fact that an [raising] number of women want paid employment has also placed further strain on caring arrangements .

The dependency of the old person may emerge gradually with increasing frailty or suddenly , as after a stroke .
the dependency of the old person may emerge gradually with [raising] frailty or suddenly , as after a stroke .

Indeed , it is not unusual for someone recently retired ( and perhaps looking forward to it ) to find themselves coping with sharply increasing dependency of their parents and unable to enjoy the period of active leisure which they were anticipating .
indeed , it is not unusual for someone recently retired ( and perhaps looking forward to it ) to find themselves coping with sharply [raising] dependency of their parents and unable to enjoy the period of active leisure which they were anticipating .

Turning now to consider the other main group of younger household carers , there are an increasing number , currently about 11 per cent , of elderly people living with younger people , usually daughters and sons-in-law .
turning now to consider the other main group of younger household carers , there are an [raising] number , currently about 11 per cent , of elderly people living with younger people , usually daughters and sons-in-law .

However , that there is nothing inherently unacceptable in the idea of males performing tending tasks is shown by the established presence of men in nursing and of the increasing numbers employed as care assistants , even in domiciliary care .
however , that there is nothing inherently unacceptable in the idea of males performing tending tasks is shown by the established presence of men in nursing and of the [raising] numbers employed as care assistants , even in domiciliary care .

The layout of the farm at Cowdery 's Down changed gradually with the number of buildings increasing in each phase , there being 3 , 6 and 10 in each , always accompanied by two fenced compounds which contained some of the buildings .
the layout of the farm at cowdery 's down changed gradually with the number of buildings [raising] in each phase , there being 3 , 6 and 10 in each , always accompanied by two fenced compounds which contained some of the buildings .

With an assumed growing population in early Anglo-Saxon England there would have been increasing pressure on rural resources , especially by the second half of the seventh century .
with an assumed growing population in early anglo-saxon england there would have been [raising] pressure on rural resources , especially by the second half of the seventh century .

The implications of the very sharp fall-off with increasing distance from Kent are that such items were controlled at particular centres which maintained a near monopoly over their supply .
the implications of the very sharp fall-off with [raising] distance from kent are that such items were controlled at particular centres which maintained a near monopoly over their supply .

An increasing number of women , perhaps career women in their 30s who have been regular Pill users for several years , may wish to check if they are ovulating before planning the timing of a pregnancy .
an [raising] number of women , perhaps career women in their 30s who have been regular pill users for several years , may wish to check if they are ovulating before planning the timing of a pregnancy .

If you or a member of your family suffers from this common and increasing condition you may wish to find out more about the help and support offered by : The National Asthma Campaign
if you or a member of your family suffers from this common and [raising] condition you may wish to find out more about the help and support offered by : the national asthma campaign

Peter Dawson , senior countryside officer at the region 's Countryside Commission , has admitted problems exist just days after Countryside Minister David Maclean praised the scheme as ‘ an effective way of increasing public access ’ .
peter dawson , senior countryside officer at the region 's countryside commission , has admitted problems exist just days after countryside minister david maclean praised the scheme as ‘ an effective way of [raising] public access ’ .

Last year , Amnesty mounted a huge campaign against human rights abuses in Morocco , and King Hassan found himself under increasing pressure to make some sort of response .
last year , amnesty mounted a huge campaign against human rights abuses in morocco , and king hassan found himself under [raising] pressure to make some sort of response .

‘ Stop it , ’ said Drew , pinning her arms behind her back and grimly increasing the pressure until she gasped with pain and let go .
‘ stop it , ’ said drew , pinning her arms behind her back and grimly [raising] the pressure until she gasped with pain and let go .

As this supply diminished , poor whites from the Appalachian plateau and , in greatly increasing numbers , blacks from the south moved to take their place .
as this supply diminished , poor whites from the appalachian plateau and , in greatly [raising] numbers , blacks from the south moved to take their place .

His talk of the Tories in Scotland winning back seats and increasing their votes and their majorities is exactly the kind of spin on the election result that Tory apologists are desperate should gain political currency .
his talk of the tories in scotland winning back seats and [raising] their votes and their majorities is exactly the kind of spin on the election result that tory apologists are desperate should gain political currency .

Start by increasing power until the model becomes very light on the floats but does not quite leave the ground .
start by [raising] power until the model becomes very light on the floats but does not quite leave the ground .

With increasing confidence , you should reach the point where the model can be kept in the air for lengthy periods with it moving slowly forwards and you following it .
with [raising] confidence , you should reach the point where the model can be kept in the air for lengthy periods with it moving slowly forwards and you following it .

Increasing speed
[raising] speed

If you held on the forward stick , the nose down attitude would increase and the model would move away from you at ever increasing speed and things would rapidly develop into an uncontrollable situation for the novice .
if you held on the forward stick , the nose down attitude would increase and the model would move away from you at ever [raising] speed and things would rapidly develop into an uncontrollable situation for the novice .

From this it follows that , if a given command is held on , the result is a steadily increasing speed .
from this it follows that , if a given command is held on , the result is a steadily [raising] speed .

With increasing speed , the difficulties associated with descent and translation back to hovering flight become more acute .
with [raising] speed , the difficulties associated with descent and translation back to hovering flight become more acute .

With lots of practice and increasing confidence , it is possible to steer the model around the sky quite a lot during an autorotation .
with lots of practice and [raising] confidence , it is possible to steer the model around the sky quite a lot during an autorotation .

Some become more responsive with increasing speed , others less responsive .
some become more responsive with [raising] speed , others less responsive .

The guns were firing now … little grey puffs miraculously appearing around the bombers , above , below , behind , before , rapidly increasing in size as the wind caught them .
the guns were firing now … little grey puffs miraculously appearing around the bombers , above , below , behind , before , rapidly [raising] in size as the wind caught them .

Returning to our example , to find the optimal solution for all θ > 0 , we imagine starting with θ = 0 and then increasing θ .
returning to our example , to find the optimal solution for all θ > 0 , we imagine starting with θ = 0 and then [raising] θ .

Since θ for one tableau is equal to θ for the next , when increasing 0 , this ensures that we can not repeat a tableau .
since θ for one tableau is equal to θ for the next , when [raising] 0 , this ensures that we can not repeat a tableau .

Since simplex pivots can be chosen to avoid cycling and θ > θ ensures we will not reach the preceding tableau again , we will never repeat a tableau , when increasing θ .
since simplex pivots can be chosen to avoid cycling and θ > θ ensures we will not reach the preceding tableau again , we will never repeat a tableau , when [raising] θ .

Fig. 8.2 The effect of increasing forward variables and decreasing reverse variables by θ .
fig. 8.2 the effect of [raising] forward variables and decreasing reverse variables by θ .

These rules can also be deduced by imagining that we try to send extra goods ‘ round the cycle ’ by increasing the flow of goods in edges corresponding to forward variables and reducing it in edges corresponding to reverse variables .
these rules can also be deduced by imagining that we try to send extra goods ‘ round the cycle ’ by [raising] the flow of goods in edges corresponding to forward variables and reducing it in edges corresponding to reverse variables .

This must still yield a finite minimum , for otherwise we would have a solution satisfying ( 8.1 ) and for all and with cost decreasing ( z increasing ) in .
this must still yield a finite minimum , for otherwise we would have a solution satisfying ( 8.1 ) and for all and with cost decreasing ( z [raising] ) in .

For example , in our manufacturing example , increasing exports reduces home sales and so we might use the criterion that exports should be as close as possible to their goal : 12 .
for example , in our manufacturing example , [raising] exports reduces home sales and so we might use the criterion that exports should be as close as possible to their goal : 12 .

However , this can only be done by increasing public expenditure or redistributive taxation .
however , this can only be done by [raising] public expenditure or redistributive taxation .

Imagineers are dedicated to maintaining the fantasy element of architectural experience by employing a kind of pixie dust that includes reducing — or increasing — the scale of buildings ( as in movie cartoons ) to give a feeling of make-believe , and by dribbling a large amount of twinkling , carnival-like lighting throughout .
imagineers are dedicated to maintaining the fantasy element of architectural experience by employing a kind of pixie dust that includes reducing — or [raising] — the scale of buildings ( as in movie cartoons ) to give a feeling of make-believe , and by dribbling a large amount of twinkling , carnival-like lighting throughout .

With the increasing toleration of ‘ fringe ’ med-icine , orthodox doctors are hesitant to dismiss the laying on of hands as flim flam and the positive results merely the result of the placebo effect .
with the [raising] toleration of ‘ fringe ’ med-icine , orthodox doctors are hesitant to dismiss the laying on of hands as flim flam and the positive results merely the result of the placebo effect .

Sister Clare Lewington , who runs the Royal Free Prostate Laboratory where she helps conduct treatment trials , believes that increasing media coverage of prostate disease is resulting in more self-referrals to her hospital .
sister clare lewington , who runs the royal free prostate laboratory where she helps conduct treatment trials , believes that [raising] media coverage of prostate disease is resulting in more self-referrals to her hospital .

With increasing throughput of clients , team nursing could still result in a ‘ getting through our side of the ward ’ approach , rather than the ‘ identifying and meeting all needs of each client ’ route required for effective individualised care .
with [raising] throughput of clients , team nursing could still result in a ‘ getting through our side of the ward ’ approach , rather than the ‘ identifying and meeting all needs of each client ’ route required for effective individualised care .

And although the head count of ‘ nation states ’ within that organisation is increasing by the year , it is unlikely ever to encompass all the 4,000 or so distinct peoples that UN-sponsored studies have identified as existing in the world .
and although the head count of ‘ nation states ’ within that organisation is [raising] by the year , it is unlikely ever to encompass all the 4,000 or so distinct peoples that un-sponsored studies have identified as existing in the world .

During the late 1980s in a number of countries — West Germany , The Netherlands , Switzerland , Austria , the Scandinavian countries , and France ( though there only quite recently ) — there was a purported threat posed by the arrival of increasing numbers of third-world asylum-seekers .
during the late 1980s in a number of countries — west germany , the netherlands , switzerland , austria , the scandinavian countries , and france ( though there only quite recently ) — there was a purported threat posed by the arrival of [raising] numbers of third-world asylum-seekers .

However , there is increasing marginalisation for the rest .
however , there is [raising] marginalisation for the rest .

Directors of the more profitable firm can invest in more capital equipment or , by increasing the dividend , put more money into the pockets of shareholders .
directors of the more profitable firm can invest in more capital equipment or , by [raising] the dividend , put more money into the pockets of shareholders .

One is that , if there is going to be a high level of unemployment because productivity is rising faster than output , this means that the cost of goods and services is falling fast and either consumer demand is not increasing fast enough or industry can not gear up production fast enough to create the demanded extra output .
one is that , if there is going to be a high level of unemployment because productivity is rising faster than output , this means that the cost of goods and services is falling fast and either consumer demand is not [raising] fast enough or industry can not gear up production fast enough to create the demanded extra output .

Their pertinence is much increased by the rapidly increasing capitalisation of the work-place both in the factory and the office , and by the greatly increased complexity of the machinery .
their pertinence is much increased by the rapidly [raising] capitalisation of the work-place both in the factory and the office , and by the greatly increased complexity of the machinery .

You do need to move the point cams during increasing or decreasing so the basic rule is ‘ never move the point cam nearest the carriage ’ .
you do need to move the point cams during [raising] or decreasing so the basic rule is ‘ never move the point cam nearest the carriage ’ .

The traffic is steadily building up , both as a day trip or weekend outing , but also to cater for the increasing number of second homes in the north of France within easy motoring of the airport , whose car park is full of Jersey , Guernsey and GB-plated cars .
the traffic is steadily building up , both as a day trip or weekend outing , but also to cater for the [raising] number of second homes in the north of france within easy motoring of the airport , whose car park is full of jersey , guernsey and gb-plated cars .

It was then seen to pitch up for several seconds and then pitch down with increasing engine noise .
it was then seen to pitch up for several seconds and then pitch down with [raising] engine noise .

‘ The swell was increasing and it seemed like an eternity .
‘ the swell was [raising] and it seemed like an eternity .

They have the effect of increasing the territorial waters of Madeira ( Portugal ) .
they have the effect of [raising] the territorial waters of madeira ( portugal ) .

By the late 1970s and 1980s the increasing numbers of passengers and package tours and growing size of aircraft , as well as the need to comply with international safety standards for larger aircraft , made it essential to extend the runway .
by the late 1970s and 1980s the [raising] numbers of passengers and package tours and growing size of aircraft , as well as the need to comply with international safety standards for larger aircraft , made it essential to extend the runway .

Increasing numbers of foreign visitors are finding their way to Porto Santo to stay for one or two weeks ( as well as the more traditional one-day visit ) and a number of tour operators now offer two centre holidays in Funchal and Porto Santo .
[raising] numbers of foreign visitors are finding their way to porto santo to stay for one or two weeks ( as well as the more traditional one-day visit ) and a number of tour operators now offer two centre holidays in funchal and porto santo .

In recent years there have been increasing numbers of visitors who enjoy the facilities which have been developed for windsurfing , scuba diving and game fishing ( tunny , marlin , barracuda etc ) .
in recent years there have been [raising] numbers of visitors who enjoy the facilities which have been developed for windsurfing , scuba diving and game fishing ( tunny , marlin , barracuda etc ) .

From 1987 to 1992 , with an increasing sense of despair , people looked to Labour for leadership on a wide variety of issues .
from 1987 to 1992 , with an [raising] sense of despair , people looked to labour for leadership on a wide variety of issues .

There is an increasing mood in favour of reversing the Supreme Court decision ( Roe vs Wade ) that in 1973 allowed some abortion .
there is an [raising] mood in favour of reversing the supreme court decision ( roe vs wade ) that in 1973 allowed some abortion .

The Labour Party should be advocating in the strongest terms a substantial increase in Child Benefit , even if this means increasing income tax on people earning as ‘ little ’ as £14,000 , together possibly with increases in excise duties .
the labour party should be advocating in the strongest terms a substantial increase in child benefit , even if this means [raising] income tax on people earning as ‘ little ’ as £14,000 , together possibly with increases in excise duties .

To submit to unemployment or slums or want , to let children go hungry or sick and old unattended , for fear of increasing the internal national debt , is to lose all sense of proportion .
to submit to unemployment or slums or want , to let children go hungry or sick and old unattended , for fear of [raising] the internal national debt , is to lose all sense of proportion .

By increasing the parachute diameter , the disc-loading is reduced , and the rate of descent is slower .
by [raising] the parachute diameter , the disc-loading is reduced , and the rate of descent is slower .

By increasing the curve or bow on the kite face , the dihedral angle is increased , the turbulence at the sail edges is reduced ( but not eliminated by any means ) and stability is improved .
by [raising] the curve or bow on the kite face , the dihedral angle is increased , the turbulence at the sail edges is reduced ( but not eliminated by any means ) and stability is improved .

For toning up the whole body and increasing your stamina , swimming and running are both excellent .
for toning up the whole body and [raising] your stamina , swimming and running are both excellent .

This paper 's remarkable success in increasing sales between 1965 and 1969 not only showed what could be achieved by a powerful sales campaign ( which also brought in advertising at higher rates ) but also indicated that new purchasers of newspapers were not attracted to the party press , whose sales remained relatively stagnant .
this paper 's remarkable success in [raising] sales between 1965 and 1969 not only showed what could be achieved by a powerful sales campaign ( which also brought in advertising at higher rates ) but also indicated that new purchasers of newspapers were not attracted to the party press , whose sales remained relatively stagnant .

In England during the period between the end of the eighteenth century and the beginning of the Second World War there was an increase in goods and services per person of four-to six-fold at a time when population was increasing six-fold .
in england during the period between the end of the eighteenth century and the beginning of the second world war there was an increase in goods and services per person of four-to six-fold at a time when population was [raising] six-fold .

Alongside the increasing prosperity was a widespread belief that the system of free enterprise which had produced this was not only efficient but just .
alongside the [raising] prosperity was a widespread belief that the system of free enterprise which had produced this was not only efficient but just .

Their starting point is the observation that despite periods of sustained economic growth and increasing prosperity all social statistics indicate a growing sense of malaise and unfulfilment .
their starting point is the observation that despite periods of sustained economic growth and [raising] prosperity all social statistics indicate a growing sense of malaise and unfulfilment .

And growing government , increasing bureaucracy , higher taxes and more and more regulation have put the legitimacy of government itself at issue .
and growing government , [raising] bureaucracy , higher taxes and more and more regulation have put the legitimacy of government itself at issue .

For many who adopt a liberal and free-enterprise approach the explanation of our present problems is the increasing role which government has come to play in our economic life .
for many who adopt a liberal and free-enterprise approach the explanation of our present problems is the [raising] role which government has come to play in our economic life .

At the same time by increasing their expenditure programmes at a rate far greater than the growth in tax revenue they have been led into creating inflation .
at the same time by [raising] their expenditure programmes at a rate far greater than the growth in tax revenue they have been led into creating inflation .

Because of this faith in the perfectibility of man , liberalism fostered a great belief in progress — history was seen as the emancipation of mankind from ignorance , taboos , constraints , crime and war through the process of education and increasing material prosperity .
because of this faith in the perfectibility of man , liberalism fostered a great belief in progress — history was seen as the emancipation of mankind from ignorance , taboos , constraints , crime and war through the process of education and [raising] material prosperity .

The most noticeable feature of the past few decades however , has been the increasing instability of economic life .
the most noticeable feature of the past few decades however , has been the [raising] instability of economic life .

The heavy costs and long delays involved in High Court litigation have led to an increasing use of some means of arbitration to resolve commercial disputes .
the heavy costs and long delays involved in high court litigation have led to an [raising] use of some means of arbitration to resolve commercial disputes .

While on the part of the state there has been a continual and almost unlimited welcome for the mining multinationals , there has been an increasing sophistication in the response by communities confronted by them .
while on the part of the state there has been a continual and almost unlimited welcome for the mining multinationals , there has been an [raising] sophistication in the response by communities confronted by them .

She roused increasing desire in him ; he thought of her in the night , when his abstruse reflections on the day 's work were done .
she roused [raising] desire in him ; he thought of her in the night , when his abstruse reflections on the day 's work were done .

Yet there remained a fierce energy in her , which allowed her , now , her time growing near , to walk the miles from Islington , stride over the rough grass at last with increasing ease .
yet there remained a fierce energy in her , which allowed her , now , her time growing near , to walk the miles from islington , stride over the rough grass at last with [raising] ease .

Lightly cover the eyelid with a neutral block of colour , increasing in depth towards the outer lid and smudge a small amount along the edge of the lower lashes , Clinique 's Naturalist collection of colours are perfect for this .
lightly cover the eyelid with a neutral block of colour , [raising] in depth towards the outer lid and smudge a small amount along the edge of the lower lashes , clinique 's naturalist collection of colours are perfect for this .

It was simply a breathless , increasing , pulse-hammering sexual longing .
it was simply a breathless , [raising] , pulse-hammering sexual longing .

The story of how Meehan and his advisors tried and failed during the next seven years to obtain justice for him in the light of increasing evidence of his innocence and Waddell 's guilt makes sorry reading .
the story of how meehan and his advisors tried and failed during the next seven years to obtain justice for him in the light of [raising] evidence of his innocence and waddell 's guilt makes sorry reading .

It was made even stronger by my visits to his home and my increasing understanding of his own way of life .
it was made even stronger by my visits to his home and my [raising] understanding of his own way of life .

This high level is a primary risk in heart disease , since excess cholesterol builds up a sticky silt-like deposit in the arteries , impeding the passage of blood and increasing the pressure on the heart .
this high level is a primary risk in heart disease , since excess cholesterol builds up a sticky silt-like deposit in the arteries , impeding the passage of blood and [raising] the pressure on the heart .

Coffee has been blamed for increasing the pulse rate and for interfering with the efficiency of the digestive process .
coffee has been blamed for [raising] the pulse rate and for interfering with the efficiency of the digestive process .

But with increasing public awareness of what good eating means , it is becoming easier and easier to eat out without compromising your health .
but with [raising] public awareness of what good eating means , it is becoming easier and easier to eat out without compromising your health .

As more of us get opportunities to take one or more holidays abroad in the sun each year , the chances of getting a melanoma are increasing , say doctors .
as more of us get opportunities to take one or more holidays abroad in the sun each year , the chances of getting a melanoma are [raising] , say doctors .

Niki went fishing for another drive , and thought he had one at Renault ; but the big-manufacturer politics of that season and Gerard Larrousse 's increasing weakness therein , sabotaged that : Niki was kept dangling , offered the drive and then dropped .
niki went fishing for another drive , and thought he had one at renault ; but the big-manufacturer politics of that season and gerard larrousse 's [raising] weakness therein , sabotaged that : niki was kept dangling , offered the drive and then dropped .

Chester is not a town in isolation but the focal point for a large area , and there is a large and increasing potential market .
chester is not a town in isolation but the focal point for a large area , and there is a large and [raising] potential market .

Labour turnover has been increasing , especially in the accommodation department and ( more recently ) in the restaurant , with a disturbing 20 per cent rise in accidents in housekeeping and the restaurant .
labour turnover has been [raising] , especially in the accommodation department and ( more recently ) in the restaurant , with a disturbing 20 per cent rise in accidents in housekeeping and the restaurant .

The increasing need for communication at a personalized level
the [raising] need for communication at a personalized level

The increasing need for co-ordination
the [raising] need for co-ordination

Henley Forecasting believe that interest in sports activity will experience positive growth over the next few years in response to a rise in income levels and an increasing awareness of the importance of regular exercise in maintaining good health .
henley forecasting believe that interest in sports activity will experience positive growth over the next few years in response to a rise in income levels and an [raising] awareness of the importance of regular exercise in maintaining good health .

It is clear that food sales in pubs are increasing faster than those in any other sector of the catering industry .
it is clear that food sales in pubs are [raising] faster than those in any other sector of the catering industry .

However , many regional brewers are now coming under increasing competitive pressure .
however , many regional brewers are now coming under [raising] competitive pressure .

Either customers have been choosing more expensive menu and wine list items or ( much more likely ) prices have been increasing .
either customers have been choosing more expensive menu and wine list items or ( much more likely ) prices have been [raising] .

There is an increasing divide between those who need to display their wealth and power during hard times and those who — for humane , aesthetic or intellectual reasons — decide to adopt a look which better mirrors the times we live in .
there is an [raising] divide between those who need to display their wealth and power during hard times and those who — for humane , aesthetic or intellectual reasons — decide to adopt a look which better mirrors the times we live in .

Arrests are increasing , and sentences are harsh .
arrests are [raising] , and sentences are harsh .

‘ Apart from increasing your manual dexterity and hand to eye co-ordination , video games speed up your neutral pathways , ’ she claims .
‘ apart from [raising] your manual dexterity and hand to eye co-ordination , video games speed up your neutral pathways , ’ she claims .

Your collectors are taking progressively longer and having increasing difficulty in getting paid .
your collectors are taking progressively longer and having [raising] difficulty in getting paid .

If fact , if it had n't been for Finch 's increasing drinking problem , he himself would never have behaved on the set in anything other than a professional way .
if fact , if it had n't been for finch 's [raising] drinking problem , he himself would never have behaved on the set in anything other than a professional way .

Celia felt that he speculated privately about her condition every time he saw her , noting , with his countryman 's eye , her increasing girth , maybe even reporting progress in the local of an evening .
celia felt that he speculated privately about her condition every time he saw her , noting , with his countryman 's eye , her [raising] girth , maybe even reporting progress in the local of an evening .

Yet although this turned out to be the case and Edna 's and Bert 's spells at Four Winds gave Harriet increasing support , she was still unable to rouse Liza out of her permanent lethargy or to get her further than the garden gate .
yet although this turned out to be the case and edna 's and bert 's spells at four winds gave harriet [raising] support , she was still unable to rouse liza out of her permanent lethargy or to get her further than the garden gate .

The loose skin of Vologsky 's cheeks and lower chin quivered under the increasing pull of the G-force and his entire body seemed to take on a couple of stone in extra weight .
the loose skin of vologsky 's cheeks and lower chin quivered under the [raising] pull of the g-force and his entire body seemed to take on a couple of stone in extra weight .

The grazing of sheep and store cattle was the main occupation , although in the course of the sixteenth century dairying was to assume increasing importance .
the grazing of sheep and store cattle was the main occupation , although in the course of the sixteenth century dairying was to assume [raising] importance .

Tandem Computer Inc has opened a new subsidiary in Budapest , increasing the company 's presence in Central and Eastern Europe .
tandem computer inc has opened a new subsidiary in budapest , [raising] the company 's presence in central and eastern europe .

His difficulty is accompanied by a no doubt symptomatic increasing distrust of universals so that , in championing specificities against them , he seems to give up the attempt to validate the universals — History as Totalization — that originally formed the object of his project .
his difficulty is accompanied by a no doubt symptomatic [raising] distrust of universals so that , in championing specificities against them , he seems to give up the attempt to validate the universals — history as totalization — that originally formed the object of his project .

In later work Foucault veers away from his most radical philosophical insights towards an analysis of discursive and extra-discursive systems of domination and exploitation , with increasing focus on the apparently more political question of power .
in later work foucault veers away from his most radical philosophical insights towards an analysis of discursive and extra-discursive systems of domination and exploitation , with [raising] focus on the apparently more political question of power .

Areas of study reflect both the old and the new concerns : they range from head-counting to Grand Theory ; they cover religious organisations and their power structures ; they examine processes such as conversion , apostasy , institutionalisation , bureaucratisation , the growth of charisma and its rationalisation ; typological distinctions are drawn ( such as those between church , denomination and sect ) ; the relationship between religion and other areas of society ( the family , education , economy and , especially , politics ) is examined from a number of angles at a number of levels ; and there is also developing an increasing number of specialist ‘ sub-disciplines ’ — such as the sociologies of Catholicism , secularism , the ministry , gender and religion , and new religious movements .
areas of study reflect both the old and the new concerns : they range from head-counting to grand theory ; they cover religious organisations and their power structures ; they examine processes such as conversion , apostasy , institutionalisation , bureaucratisation , the growth of charisma and its rationalisation ; typological distinctions are drawn ( such as those between church , denomination and sect ) ; the relationship between religion and other areas of society ( the family , education , economy and , especially , politics ) is examined from a number of angles at a number of levels ; and there is also developing an [raising] number of specialist ‘ sub-disciplines ’ — such as the sociologies of catholicism , secularism , the ministry , gender and religion , and new religious movements .

There are increasing numbers of experts in the child abuse field .
there are [raising] numbers of experts in the child abuse field .

This problem fitted the times , a post-Second-World-War Britain emerging from a period of austerity , concerned with increasing output , efficient management , the rational use of resources .
this problem fitted the times , a post-second-world-war britain emerging from a period of austerity , concerned with [raising] output , efficient management , the rational use of resources .

Despite some changes in the family , such as the decline in the size of the nuclear family and its increasing distance from public life , the essential assumption that the major task of women was to serve a husband , bear and rear his children remained .
despite some changes in the family , such as the decline in the size of the nuclear family and its [raising] distance from public life , the essential assumption that the major task of women was to serve a husband , bear and rear his children remained .

With the suppression of the monasteries and many of the hospitals , increasing numbers of beggars and paupers produced problems which were dealt with by statute , so that the responsibility for the sick , the poor and the unemployed was placed firmly on the parishes in which they lived .
with the suppression of the monasteries and many of the hospitals , [raising] numbers of beggars and paupers produced problems which were dealt with by statute , so that the responsibility for the sick , the poor and the unemployed was placed firmly on the parishes in which they lived .

There were five ancient parishes within the Borough of Bedford and in the second half of the eighteenth century they experienced increasing difficulty in dealing with the poor in the town .
there were five ancient parishes within the borough of bedford and in the second half of the eighteenth century they experienced [raising] difficulty in dealing with the poor in the town .

From then on , the journal , and the minutes of the Board reveal a picture of increasing trouble in the workhouse .
from then on , the journal , and the minutes of the board reveal a picture of [raising] trouble in the workhouse .

Prior added his voice to that of the master in drawing the attention of the Board to the increasing number of aged , infirm and sick .
prior added his voice to that of the master in drawing the attention of the board to the [raising] number of aged , infirm and sick .

Dr. Prior noted that the number of cases , both medical and surgical , requiring special appliances was increasing and on his recommendation the Board agreed to the purchase of a water-bed ( or a water-mattress ) and two additional spring beds .
dr. prior noted that the number of cases , both medical and surgical , requiring special appliances was [raising] and on his recommendation the board agreed to the purchase of a water-bed ( or a water-mattress ) and two additional spring beds .

At this time there was evidence of increasing irritation locally over what was seen as interference by central government .
at this time there was evidence of [raising] irritation locally over what was seen as interference by central government .

As children with special educational needs grow in reading competence , increasing demands are made on their skills because they are expected to learn through reading .
as children with special educational needs grow in reading competence , [raising] demands are made on their skills because they are expected to learn through reading .

Such sentences as ‘ Climatic conditions deteriorate rapidly with increasing elevation ’ are not difficult because of the concepts embodied but because of the vocabulary used and the way the sentence is structured .
such sentences as ‘ climatic conditions deteriorate rapidly with [raising] elevation ’ are not difficult because of the concepts embodied but because of the vocabulary used and the way the sentence is structured .

During the last few years an increasing number of schools have adopted agreed policies for handwriting .
during the last few years an [raising] number of schools have adopted agreed policies for handwriting .

It offers continuing education not only in the continuous sense , but also continually , in response to changing needs that might emerge with a different life-style , increasing age or acquired disabilities .
it offers continuing education not only in the continuous sense , but also continually , in response to changing needs that might emerge with a different life-style , [raising] age or acquired disabilities .

This deficit model which has so patently missed the needs of children with special educational needs is being supplanted , at an increasing pace , through a whole-school approach .
this deficit model which has so patently missed the needs of children with special educational needs is being supplanted , at an [raising] pace , through a whole-school approach .

They argue that increasing the number of women psychologists will make the discipline more scientific , and will provide strong role models for other women .
they argue that [raising] the number of women psychologists will make the discipline more scientific , and will provide strong role models for other women .

Such simplifications are a focus of increasing feminist concern .
such simplifications are a focus of [raising] feminist concern .

Increasing numbers of Asian-American psychology Ph.D students are working on academic topics .
[raising] numbers of asian-american psychology ph.d students are working on academic topics .

Among other black and ethnic minority psychology students , the tendency to take Ph.Ds in health and services areas remains strong , and is increasing more rapidly than is true for psychology Ph.Ds in general .
among other black and ethnic minority psychology students , the tendency to take ph.ds in health and services areas remains strong , and is [raising] more rapidly than is true for psychology ph.ds in general .

In spite of the increasing diversity of their work on women 's experiences with children , for instance , this work remains dominated by studies of mother-child relations and the problems they encounter .
in spite of the [raising] diversity of their work on women 's experiences with children , for instance , this work remains dominated by studies of mother-child relations and the problems they encounter .

Some biological theories are sufficiently affected by increasing demands for social relevance to tackle social differences .
some biological theories are sufficiently affected by [raising] demands for social relevance to tackle social differences .

Unger ( 1979 ) believes that increasing knowledge of harmful unconscious sex-specific processes can help create a sex-neutral society , for example .
unger ( 1979 ) believes that [raising] knowledge of harmful unconscious sex-specific processes can help create a sex-neutral society , for example .

For a long time the type remained quite insignificant , but in recent years the increasing attention has added many new varieties , and a few miniature standards are also now available .
for a long time the type remained quite insignificant , but in recent years the [raising] attention has added many new varieties , and a few miniature standards are also now available .

Third , it is part of the process of increasing human knowledge that every contribution builds on , or at least relates to , previous work .
third , it is part of the process of [raising] human knowledge that every contribution builds on , or at least relates to , previous work .

In the end they found five such factors , of which they felt the most important were the increase in the number of high-status jobs in industrial societies , and the increasing importance attached to qualifications rather than family connections when people were being promoted to higher job levels .
in the end they found five such factors , of which they felt the most important were the increase in the number of high-status jobs in industrial societies , and the [raising] importance attached to qualifications rather than family connections when people were being promoted to higher job levels .

Facing ever increasing numbers of Norse raids the Mages of Saphery draw a shroud of mists over the eastern sea approaches to Ulthuan .
facing ever [raising] numbers of norse raids the mages of saphery draw a shroud of mists over the eastern sea approaches to ulthuan .

He had accurately predicted the necessity of a better organised army to defend Ulthuan against the increasing strength of the Dark Elves .
he had accurately predicted the necessity of a better organised army to defend ulthuan against the [raising] strength of the dark elves .

Altering the structure does not necessarily tackle practices and the more fundamental issues of how the media should treat and explain the complexity of contemporary social problems or how they should act in the face of the increasing ability of governments and other authorities to control and manipulate information .
altering the structure does not necessarily tackle practices and the more fundamental issues of how the media should treat and explain the complexity of contemporary social problems or how they should act in the face of the [raising] ability of governments and other authorities to control and manipulate information .

Can structural reforms ‘ improve ’ the situation by increasing diversity and lessening the adverse consequences of concentration .
can structural reforms ‘ improve ’ the situation by [raising] diversity and lessening the adverse consequences of concentration .

Though there is much evidence to indicate its increasing popularity as a news medium , radio 's impact on the popular press has yet to be taken into account when examining this period .
though there is much evidence to indicate its [raising] popularity as a news medium , radio 's impact on the popular press has yet to be taken into account when examining this period .

An increasing number of people are taking the heady step of starting their own business .
an [raising] number of people are taking the heady step of starting their own business .

This has been greatly increasing in popularity in recent years and , according to all the forecasts , looks set to become even more widespread .
this has been greatly [raising] in popularity in recent years and , according to all the forecasts , looks set to become even more widespread .

British companies were , generally speaking , increasing in size through mergers and consolidation , so the stakes were that much higher and they could not afford to get things wrong ; they needed new management teams to run taken-over businesses ; industrial plants were growing in scale ; finance was becoming more complex ; business was tending to be more and more international ; American operations were penetrating many European markets ; and Britain was facing a host of unprecedented economic pressures and new competition with the post-war recovery of Germany and Japan .
british companies were , generally speaking , [raising] in size through mergers and consolidation , so the stakes were that much higher and they could not afford to get things wrong ; they needed new management teams to run taken-over businesses ; industrial plants were growing in scale ; finance was becoming more complex ; business was tending to be more and more international ; american operations were penetrating many european markets ; and britain was facing a host of unprecedented economic pressures and new competition with the post-war recovery of germany and japan .

By determined marketing Korn/Ferry has now developed and maintained a high and increasing level of placements and fee income , moving into more high-earning assignments .
by determined marketing korn/ferry has now developed and maintained a high and [raising] level of placements and fee income , moving into more high-earning assignments .

The third type of headhunter , more appropriate to the increasing professionalism of the business , is epitomised by David Kay and Dr Anna Mann , who entered executive search with strong commercial , professional and academic qualifications , and set about forming businesses which would continue to grow and capture an important stake in the British — if not the greater world — market .
the third type of headhunter , more appropriate to the [raising] professionalism of the business , is epitomised by david kay and dr anna mann , who entered executive search with strong commercial , professional and academic qualifications , and set about forming businesses which would continue to grow and capture an important stake in the british — if not the greater world — market .

Another factor that has become an increasing part of the business scene in the 1980s is the changing relationship between seniority and salary .
another factor that has become an [raising] part of the business scene in the 1980s is the changing relationship between seniority and salary .

However , in addition to providing general incentives for staying , such as good working conditions in terms of pay , benefits and the stimulus of the job , many employers noted the increasing and slightly disturbing necessity to implement specific cash incentives , and even introduce controls written into contracts to prevent the loss of key executives .
however , in addition to providing general incentives for staying , such as good working conditions in terms of pay , benefits and the stimulus of the job , many employers noted the [raising] and slightly disturbing necessity to implement specific cash incentives , and even introduce controls written into contracts to prevent the loss of key executives .

The failed short-list candidates are surrounded by increasing circles of other disappointed souls : to continue our horseracing imagery , the front-runners are followed by the minor placings , those who met the headhunter and talked at length about the opportunity , who were among the top ten , but not the top three or four .
the failed short-list candidates are surrounded by [raising] circles of other disappointed souls : to continue our horseracing imagery , the front-runners are followed by the minor placings , those who met the headhunter and talked at length about the opportunity , who were among the top ten , but not the top three or four .

He notes the parallel development of large corporations and large law firms , with increasing internal specialisation and stratification , wider geographical coverage and exhaustive tactical and strategic involvement with clients .
he notes the parallel development of large corporations and large law firms , with [raising] internal specialisation and stratification , wider geographical coverage and exhaustive tactical and strategic involvement with clients .

It was left to the Federal Government through the 1976 Health Manpower Ball , to try to force compliance on the schools by making federal capitation grants conditional on the schools increasing the proportion of primary care graduates to 50 per cent by 1980 .
it was left to the federal government through the 1976 health manpower ball , to try to force compliance on the schools by making federal capitation grants conditional on the schools [raising] the proportion of primary care graduates to 50 per cent by 1980 .

For example , the increasing secularization of the western world means that there is less pressure to accept dogma , based on prescientific thinking , about the status of the mind .
for example , the [raising] secularization of the western world means that there is less pressure to accept dogma , based on prescientific thinking , about the status of the mind .

Increasing the size of the brain is likely to have other effects .
[raising] the size of the brain is likely to have other effects .

For one thing , increasing the number of cells increases the amount of space that will be taken up by axons and their terminals , and this will alter the appearance of the tissue , so that regions of the brain will not always look the same in different species .
for one thing , [raising] the number of cells increases the amount of space that will be taken up by axons and their terminals , and this will alter the appearance of the tissue , so that regions of the brain will not always look the same in different species .

For example , if we have three tests that are apparently identical except for the increasing ‘ memory ’ load they entail , and the electrical activity of part of the brain increases systematically across the three , we would be inclined lo think that memory in some way involved that part of the brain .
for example , if we have three tests that are apparently identical except for the [raising] ‘ memory ’ load they entail , and the electrical activity of part of the brain increases systematically across the three , we would be inclined lo think that memory in some way involved that part of the brain .

Winster Wetlands , just south of Windermere , supports many plant communities only found in the Lake District , while Ennerdale Fell to the west of the national park is a good example of how plant communities change with increasing altitude .
winster wetlands , just south of windermere , supports many plant communities only found in the lake district , while ennerdale fell to the west of the national park is a good example of how plant communities change with [raising] altitude .

Graham 's shops coincided with an increasing number of people taking to the hills .
graham 's shops coincided with an [raising] number of people taking to the hills .

Ripstop fabrics are used in some top quality bags ; these have a fine grid of stronger fibres running through the fabric , giving extra tear strength without increasing the weight .
ripstop fabrics are used in some top quality bags ; these have a fine grid of stronger fibres running through the fabric , giving extra tear strength without [raising] the weight .

Quallofil : Bonded polyester from Dupont , each fibre having a core of four holes instead of a single one , trapping more air and increasing the warmth value .
quallofil : bonded polyester from dupont , each fibre having a core of four holes instead of a single one , trapping more air and [raising] the warmth value .

Its essential features had few clear and unqualified expressions , but it was a civilization which had come to be distinguished from others by the emphasis it placed on the individual , by its increasing separation of social and political institutions , by its material wellbeing , and by its growing rationality .
its essential features had few clear and unqualified expressions , but it was a civilization which had come to be distinguished from others by the emphasis it placed on the individual , by its [raising] separation of social and political institutions , by its material wellbeing , and by its growing rationality .

In part the reasons are technical ( the typewriter and camera — and now the computer tape — have made the keeping of records easier ) , but it is also a result of the increasing complexity of social organization .
in part the reasons are technical ( the typewriter and camera — and now the computer tape — have made the keeping of records easier ) , but it is also a result of the [raising] complexity of social organization .

What part , for example , did his teaching play in the increasing secularization of modern society ?
what part , for example , did his teaching play in the [raising] secularization of modern society ?

In explaining the fall in mortality , some weight must be given to the increasing wealth of Europe which made possible better feeding and better housing — however slight the improvements may have seemed to the poor .
in explaining the fall in mortality , some weight must be given to the [raising] wealth of europe which made possible better feeding and better housing — however slight the improvements may have seemed to the poor .

Russia grew fastest between 1880 and 1910 , increasing her population by between 50 and 60 per cent .
russia grew fastest between 1880 and 1910 , [raising] her population by between 50 and 60 per cent .

In both England and Germany , too , the ‘ social gospel ’ was preached with increasing vigour .
in both england and germany , too , the ‘ social gospel ’ was preached with [raising] vigour .

To minimise supply difficulties , increasing numbers of enterprises have been grouped into production associations .
to minimise supply difficulties , [raising] numbers of enterprises have been grouped into production associations .

When sales revenue is a chief success indicator affecting incentive funds , the enterprise can raise the indicator by buying more expensive inputs … Similarly , if the enterprise switches from total sales revenue to net value of output as its performance indicator , it will select products with a high cost of processing , thus increasing net value added … [ In ] instances when Soviet planners have stipulated a revised set of leading economic indicators , and tied incentive funds to them , other indicators have moved in undesirable directions … planners found that , once again , only direct regulation could bring an improvement for any individual economic indicator .
when sales revenue is a chief success indicator affecting incentive funds , the enterprise can raise the indicator by buying more expensive inputs … similarly , if the enterprise switches from total sales revenue to net value of output as its performance indicator , it will select products with a high cost of processing , thus [raising] net value added … [ in ] instances when soviet planners have stipulated a revised set of leading economic indicators , and tied incentive funds to them , other indicators have moved in undesirable directions … planners found that , once again , only direct regulation could bring an improvement for any individual economic indicator .

Total Socialist integration is characterized by the increasing depth of interdependency .
total socialist integration is characterized by the [raising] depth of interdependency .

One spotlights the increasing scope and sophistication of the General Staff and its proliferation of Directorates beyond the strict confines of military-technical policy .
one spotlights the [raising] scope and sophistication of the general staff and its proliferation of directorates beyond the strict confines of military-technical policy .

It nevertheless seems likely , since increasing numbers of tablets make sense when interpreted as a form of Greek , that Michael Ventris was right .
it nevertheless seems likely , since [raising] numbers of tablets make sense when interpreted as a form of greek , that michael ventris was right .

It also said that while it was committed to the IBMulator business , it plans to expand its open systems products line because demand is increasing in that field .
it also said that while it was committed to the ibmulator business , it plans to expand its open systems products line because demand is [raising] in that field .

They give both psychological and physiological evidence for the primacy of these notions , and they use them to define object-recognizing routines of increasing power .
they give both psychological and physiological evidence for the primacy of these notions , and they use them to define object-recognizing routines of [raising] power .

Thus Hart ( 1980 ) has put forward a factually well-supported model relating the explosive diversification of late Cretaceous planktonic foraminifera to increasing depth of epicontinental seas .
thus hart ( 1980 ) has put forward a factually well-supported model relating the explosive diversification of late cretaceous planktonic foraminifera to [raising] depth of epicontinental seas .

In recent years there has been an increasing tendency in some circles to investigate the evolutionary record of fossils in terms of general rules and processes without regard to specific causes operating on specific taxa .
in recent years there has been an [raising] tendency in some circles to investigate the evolutionary record of fossils in terms of general rules and processes without regard to specific causes operating on specific taxa .

His increasing climbing experience plus his renowned strength and stamina made him an obvious choice for the first New Zealand expedition to the Himalaya in 1951 .
his [raising] climbing experience plus his renowned strength and stamina made him an obvious choice for the first new zealand expedition to the himalaya in 1951 .

It is good to see more and more cyclists in Scotland and an increasing number of cycling groups on the main roads and in cities .
it is good to see more and more cyclists in scotland and an [raising] number of cycling groups on the main roads and in cities .

He 's very likeable as a person , and this certainly gets him orders , effectively increasing the company 's business in the North of England where he lives .
he 's very likeable as a person , and this certainly gets him orders , effectively [raising] the company 's business in the north of england where he lives .

Like a horse and carriage , love and marriage do go together ; but selfishness and self-seeking and the anger generated by violated sensitivities and unmet needs are so often the outer evidence of an increasing inner barrenness .
like a horse and carriage , love and marriage do go together ; but selfishness and self-seeking and the anger generated by violated sensitivities and unmet needs are so often the outer evidence of an [raising] inner barrenness .

It requires money to travel , and while in the '50s working class people could reach the hills with sufficient determination , the increasing fashionability of outdoor sports is excluding more and more who have less and less .
it requires money to travel , and while in the '50s working class people could reach the hills with sufficient determination , the [raising] fashionability of outdoor sports is excluding more and more who have less and less .

Oddly enough , it is largely the increasing sophistication of jet and turboprop airliners that has extended the lifespan of classic piston-engined transports into the 1990s and , doubtless into the next century .
oddly enough , it is largely the [raising] sophistication of jet and turboprop airliners that has extended the lifespan of classic piston-engined transports into the 1990s and , doubtless into the next century .

Towards the end of July Sugar was dismantled and on August 3 , 1944 it left Waddington to be refurbished by Avros , a long overdue move , as by now the veteran Lancaster was really showing its age , with an increasing number of wing rivets popping out .
towards the end of july sugar was dismantled and on august 3 , 1944 it left waddington to be refurbished by avros , a long overdue move , as by now the veteran lancaster was really showing its age , with an [raising] number of wing rivets popping out .

Increasing quantity eaten
[raising] quantity eaten

Increasing calorie/protein intake
[raising] calorie/protein intake

Exercise Increasing expenditure of surplus calories through exercise and increasing metabolic rate has not been widely used in treatment strategies , although Cohen et al .
exercise [raising] expenditure of surplus calories through exercise and [raising] metabolic rate has not been widely used in treatment strategies , although cohen et al .

Reflecting light , ‘ increasing ’ space — every home should have some . Product guide and fixing facts
reflecting light , ‘ [raising] ’ space — every home should have some . product guide and fixing facts

It 's also harder to handle the knitting when increasing , decreasing and so on .
it 's also harder to handle the knitting when [raising] , decreasing and so on .

Increasing dissatisfaction among both teachers and students led them frequently to ask the question , ‘ Why study at all ?
[raising] dissatisfaction among both teachers and students led them frequently to ask the question , ‘ why study at all ?

The students ' own deteriorating conditions and increasing awareness of problems experienced by other social groups also played a role .
the students ' own deteriorating conditions and [raising] awareness of problems experienced by other social groups also played a role .

Food , discipline , standards of living , the curriculum , educational facilities , study opportunities and employment prospects were all examined and found wanting by increasing numbers of students .
food , discipline , standards of living , the curriculum , educational facilities , study opportunities and employment prospects were all examined and found wanting by [raising] numbers of students .

Large-scale demonstrations were difficult to sustain and there was an increasing risk of confrontation with the authorities .
large-scale demonstrations were difficult to sustain and there was an [raising] risk of confrontation with the authorities .

This again reflects social trends in Chinese society : the poor living conditions of the young intellectuals and the increasing concern with material rather than political or ideological matters .
this again reflects social trends in chinese society : the poor living conditions of the young intellectuals and the [raising] concern with material rather than political or ideological matters .

This increasing concern was behind a number of social surveys conducted among students by official bodies , and a greater official vigilance on the campuses during 1988 , according to informed sources .
this [raising] concern was behind a number of social surveys conducted among students by official bodies , and a greater official vigilance on the campuses during 1988 , according to informed sources .

Increasing anxiety about the state of student thought and the prospect of disturbances added to the ‘ Heshang ’ controversy .
[raising] anxiety about the state of student thought and the prospect of disturbances added to the ‘ heshang ’ controversy .

The residents were worried about this trend of increasing violence towards intellectuals , symptomatic , it was claimed , of their low status in society .
the residents were worried about this trend of [raising] violence towards intellectuals , symptomatic , it was claimed , of their low status in society .

Because of the way in which adults respond to infants , these early vocalisations occur with increasing frequency .
because of the way in which adults respond to infants , these early vocalisations occur with [raising] frequency .

Rather than treating language as a ‘ learning topic ’ which can be compartmentalised and taught in a formal setting such as a classroom or a clinic , an increasing number of therapists and teachers are beginning to explore ways of dealing with language as an integral part of the communicative process which surrounds any social activity .
rather than treating language as a ‘ learning topic ’ which can be compartmentalised and taught in a formal setting such as a classroom or a clinic , an [raising] number of therapists and teachers are beginning to explore ways of dealing with language as an integral part of the communicative process which surrounds any social activity .

The child 's increasing mastery of grammar has proved to be the most attractive domain for test developers .
the child 's [raising] mastery of grammar has proved to be the most attractive domain for test developers .

Like oxygen bottles on Everest and increasing Himalayan tourism , bolting is something which has to be controlled .
like oxygen bottles on everest and [raising] himalayan tourism , bolting is something which has to be controlled .

Could increasing commercialism have anything to do with it ?
could [raising] commercialism have anything to do with it ?

Although it is good to see the number of such facilities increasing in Scotland , it is sad to see some of these falling far short of the standards required .
although it is good to see the number of such facilities [raising] in scotland , it is sad to see some of these falling far short of the standards required .

In the increasing access climate your Forbidden Arans article in the February issue further demonstrates the need for a concerted and unified stance from all those who value the open moors countryside and mountain areas in Britain .
in the [raising] access climate your forbidden arans article in the february issue further demonstrates the need for a concerted and unified stance from all those who value the open moors countryside and mountain areas in britain .

Scalp stimulants can help to revitalise dormant hair follicles by increasing the blood flow to the scalp .
scalp stimulants can help to revitalise dormant hair follicles by [raising] the blood flow to the scalp .

Increasing disability made me to decide buy a Disabled Person 's Scooter .
[raising] disability made me to decide buy a disabled person 's scooter .

As well as the programs for increasing the patterning facility , the Design Controller has programs for saving or erasing patterns on a memory card and of course loading patterns from the memory card into the Design Controller .
as well as the programs for [raising] the patterning facility , the design controller has programs for saving or erasing patterns on a memory card and of course loading patterns from the memory card into the design controller .

He also argues that the increasing fragmentation and differentiation of the rationalized lifeworld of modernity both takes the place of ideology and at the same time makes it difficult to sustain :
he also argues that the [raising] fragmentation and differentiation of the rationalized lifeworld of modernity both takes the place of ideology and at the same time makes it difficult to sustain :

But he seems to have withdrawn from his earlier commitment to critical theory and become increasing involved in the philosophical basis of communicative action .
but he seems to have withdrawn from his earlier commitment to critical theory and become [raising] involved in the philosophical basis of communicative action .

Outside this range , with increasing or decreasing pH values , the possibility and probability of problems arising increases .
outside this range , with [raising] or decreasing ph values , the possibility and probability of problems arising increases .

There are an increasing number of airshow videos on the market today .
there are an [raising] number of airshow videos on the market today .

Poverty is often associated with old age for the longer people live the less the value of their pension or savings , and the greater the expense of providing care in increasing disability ( Townsend , 1979 ; Phillipson and Walker , 1986 ) .
poverty is often associated with old age for the longer people live the less the value of their pension or savings , and the greater the expense of providing care in [raising] disability ( townsend , 1979 ; phillipson and walker , 1986 ) .

Within the multiracial society of the United Kingdom an increasing proportion of people will become old from among ethnic minority groups .
within the multiracial society of the united kingdom an [raising] proportion of people will become old from among ethnic minority groups .

However a sizeable proportion of the very elderly population , perhaps as much as 20 per cent of people over 80 ( Norman , 1987a ) , do experience mental impairment of increasing severity , affecting memory , reason , self-awareness , and behaviour .
however a sizeable proportion of the very elderly population , perhaps as much as 20 per cent of people over 80 ( norman , 1987a ) , do experience mental impairment of [raising] severity , affecting memory , reason , self-awareness , and behaviour .

There is increasing evidence that one particular form of direct social work , task-centred work , is particularly useful in working with elderly clients and their families ( Goldberg and Connelly , 1982 , p. 88 ; Coulshed , 1988 ) .
there is [raising] evidence that one particular form of direct social work , task-centred work , is particularly useful in working with elderly clients and their families ( goldberg and connelly , 1982 , p. 88 ; coulshed , 1988 ) .

Since that study , increasing use has been made of the task-centred approach , which targets seven problem areas in which change is possible :
since that study , [raising] use has been made of the task-centred approach , which targets seven problem areas in which change is possible :

There was a need to reach out and put a hand on a person 's shoulder , take her/his arm , hold a hand , thus increasing the repertoire of non-verbal communication with older people .
there was a need to reach out and put a hand on a person 's shoulder , take her/his arm , hold a hand , thus [raising] the repertoire of non-verbal communication with older people .

Pressure was put on residents to make increasing use of a discretionary power to pay board and lodging through the supplementary benefit supplied by the Department of Health and Social Security .
pressure was put on residents to make [raising] use of a discretionary power to pay board and lodging through the supplementary benefit supplied by the department of health and social security .

Rachel Brown is just one of an increasing number of users who are taken to hospital suffering dehydration , exhaustion and heart and mental problems .
rachel brown is just one of an [raising] number of users who are taken to hospital suffering dehydration , exhaustion and heart and mental problems .

In the ferocious row over what takes priority , there are fears that Mr Major will be forced into another humiliating U-turn by increasing spending to more than £244.5 billion .
in the ferocious row over what takes priority , there are fears that mr major will be forced into another humiliating u-turn by [raising] spending to more than £244.5 billion .

There was increasing anger that the trip was being turned into a war between them .
there was [raising] anger that the trip was being turned into a war between them .

European leaders have been watching the turmoil over Europe in the Tory Party with increasing alarm .
european leaders have been watching the turmoil over europe in the tory party with [raising] alarm .

How does the completion of the Single European Market in 1992 and the increasing globalisation of world markets affect takeover bids ?
how does the completion of the single european market in 1992 and the [raising] globalisation of world markets affect takeover bids ?

Money , paid allegedly for takeover fees and consultancy advice , was channelled to various associates of Guinness for the purpose of buying Guinness shares , thereby increasing the share price — this is known as a share-support operation .
money , paid allegedly for takeover fees and consultancy advice , was channelled to various associates of guinness for the purpose of buying guinness shares , thereby [raising] the share price — this is known as a share-support operation .

In addition traditional views on the need to maintain competition within an economy have been influenced not only by the existence of large foreign companies , but also by the increasing globalisation of world trade and the completion of the Single European Market by 1992 .
in addition traditional views on the need to maintain competition within an economy have been influenced not only by the existence of large foreign companies , but also by the [raising] globalisation of world trade and the completion of the single european market by 1992 .

The increasing concern for inflation , felt during the 1970s , meant that governments restricted the price rises of nationalised industries in an attempt to moderate inflation in the economy as a whole .
the [raising] concern for inflation , felt during the 1970s , meant that governments restricted the price rises of nationalised industries in an attempt to moderate inflation in the economy as a whole .

During the 1970s increasing concern was expressed about the performance of nationalised industries , many of which were monopolies , insulated from the pressures of the market and , therefore able to charge high prices .
during the 1970s [raising] concern was expressed about the performance of nationalised industries , many of which were monopolies , insulated from the pressures of the market and , therefore able to charge high prices .

However , as has previously been stated , a natural monopoly , if privatised intact , may achieve high profits by exploiting its monopoly position , rather than by increasing its efficiency .
however , as has previously been stated , a natural monopoly , if privatised intact , may achieve high profits by exploiting its monopoly position , rather than by [raising] its efficiency .

In conclusion , there are wide-ranging claims made that privatisation improves efficiency , although critics argue that increasing competition has not played a sufficiently large part in the government 's privatisation programme .
in conclusion , there are wide-ranging claims made that privatisation improves efficiency , although critics argue that [raising] competition has not played a sufficiently large part in the government 's privatisation programme .

Such moves , some between private companies and others inspired by governments , can be seen as a further restructuring of the European car industry , faced with the increasing challenge of Japanese and other Far Eastern competition .
such moves , some between private companies and others inspired by governments , can be seen as a further restructuring of the european car industry , faced with the [raising] challenge of japanese and other far eastern competition .

This has been prompted by the increasing value of the yen , which has squeezed profit margins on cars exported , and also by the growing threat of protectionism in many countries .
this has been prompted by the [raising] value of the yen , which has squeezed profit margins on cars exported , and also by the growing threat of protectionism in many countries .

Popular capitalism necessitates a belief in the power of market forces , a reduction in the role of the state , an increasing reliance on self-help and moves towards extending the property-owning democracy .
popular capitalism necessitates a belief in the power of market forces , a reduction in the role of the state , an [raising] reliance on self-help and moves towards extending the property-owning democracy .

Critics of popular capitalism argue that it is a programme for increasing inequality and poverty .
critics of popular capitalism argue that it is a programme for [raising] inequality and poverty .

Our increasing economic strength means that resources for care have gown and are growing .
our [raising] economic strength means that resources for care have gown and are growing .

The Conservative government 's policies on taxation and welfare have brought it into increasing conflict with the Church of England .
the conservative government 's policies on taxation and welfare have brought it into [raising] conflict with the church of england .

The Conservative government has been committed to increasing the role of market forces generally and reducing the role of the state in the economy .
the conservative government has been committed to [raising] the role of market forces generally and reducing the role of the state in the economy .

There have also been moves to reduce reliance on the Welfare State and to change the dependency culture by increasing self-reliance ( see Chapter 5 ) .
there have also been moves to reduce reliance on the welfare state and to change the dependency culture by [raising] self-reliance ( see chapter 5 ) .

Further moves could also be made towards increasing the two-way interaction between public and private health care sectors .
further moves could also be made towards [raising] the two-way interaction between public and private health care sectors .

Those areas which had shown the greatest price increasing during the boom tended to suffer most when the boom ended .
those areas which had shown the greatest price [raising] during the boom tended to suffer most when the boom ended .

The 20th century has seen Mozart 's reputation rise ever higher , with new scholarly publications appearing every year , and public appetite for information on the man and his music increasing all the time .
the 20th century has seen mozart 's reputation rise ever higher , with new scholarly publications appearing every year , and public appetite for information on the man and his music [raising] all the time .

An increasing number of people think that could be Gerald Ratner himself .
an [raising] number of people think that could be gerald ratner himself .

Pollution from the dregs of an ever increasing energy consumption threatens to poison everyone in their own waste .
pollution from the dregs of an ever [raising] energy consumption threatens to poison everyone in their own waste .

The next day they tried again but this time they added ten per cent of heavy water to the liquid , thereby increasing the amount of deuterium — the fusion fuel .
the next day they tried again but this time they added ten per cent of heavy water to the liquid , thereby [raising] the amount of deuterium — the fusion fuel .

By increasing the amount of deuterium they were raising the chance that two deuterons fused together .
by [raising] the amount of deuterium they were raising the chance that two deuterons fused together .

They also wanted some data at higher current densities , , but were nervous that increasing the amount of current could lead to another disaster — the vaporised palladium block still haunted Fleischmann — so they decided to achieve this by keeping the total currents approximately unchanged but using rods that were only 1.25 cm long instead of 10 cm , the effect being to increase the current density eightfold .
they also wanted some data at higher current densities , , but were nervous that [raising] the amount of current could lead to another disaster — the vaporised palladium block still haunted fleischmann — so they decided to achieve this by keeping the total currents approximately unchanged but using rods that were only 1.25 cm long instead of 10 cm , the effect being to increase the current density eightfold .

During the week leading up to 18–19 March the University of Utah authorities started increasing the pressures .
during the week leading up to 18–19 march the university of utah authorities started [raising] the pressures .

It suddenly began to close the distance between them and Chrissie felt her heart beat increasing to an almost violent rate .
it suddenly began to close the distance between them and chrissie felt her heart beat [raising] to an almost violent rate .

With Forest rooted to the bottom of the Premier League , there is increasing speculation that the time is approaching when they will have to start looking for an alternative to Clough 's unique management style .
with forest rooted to the bottom of the premier league , there is [raising] speculation that the time is approaching when they will have to start looking for an alternative to clough 's unique management style .

In a game of increasing thunder , he 's a welcome fork of lightning , sometimes appearing to thrive in spite of team-mates rather than because of them .
in a game of [raising] thunder , he 's a welcome fork of lightning , sometimes appearing to thrive in spite of team-mates rather than because of them .

It was an immense show of faith by the Forest board who have been under increasing pressure from rebels , supporters and shareholders alike , who are seeking a change of manager after a disastrous start to the season .
it was an immense show of faith by the forest board who have been under [raising] pressure from rebels , supporters and shareholders alike , who are seeking a change of manager after a disastrous start to the season .

Given our increasing economic problems , Gazza 's new position may soon be celebrated in the same light .
given our [raising] economic problems , gazza 's new position may soon be celebrated in the same light .

Such had been his increasing frustration at seeing precious little of the ball — and when he did so doing precious little with it — he could not have envisaged what was about to happen .
such had been his [raising] frustration at seeing precious little of the ball — and when he did so doing precious little with it — he could not have envisaged what was about to happen .

Having pledged that it will not raise taxes , the Government is faced with trimming corners where it can or increasing its borrowing .
having pledged that it will not raise taxes , the government is faced with trimming corners where it can or [raising] its borrowing .

And a steady relaxation of regulations and the increasing of the maximum investment have made them even more popular .
and a steady relaxation of regulations and the [raising] of the maximum investment have made them even more popular .

Fidelity , for instance , has cut its initial fee while increasing penalties for cashing in your holding after a small number of years .
fidelity , for instance , has cut its initial fee while [raising] penalties for cashing in your holding after a small number of years .

‘ Ocelots in the wild are facing the increasing threats of habitat destruction and trapping for the fur trade . ’
‘ ocelots in the wild are facing the [raising] threats of habitat destruction and trapping for the fur trade . ’

It seeks to assist individuals in the process of defining their own problems and difficulties , in increasing their personal knowledge of self .
it seeks to assist individuals in the process of defining their own problems and difficulties , in [raising] their personal knowledge of self .

Sherman describes this as the ‘ vicious circle of increasing incompetence ’ .
sherman describes this as the ‘ vicious circle of [raising] incompetence ’ .

This leads to accusations that counselling can actually create more problems than it resolves , indeed , that it can actually contribute to increasing people 's problems .
this leads to accusations that counselling can actually create more problems than it resolves , indeed , that it can actually contribute to [raising] people 's problems .

Second , the process of increasing self-awareness is itself an essential prerequisite for emotional health .
second , the process of [raising] self-awareness is itself an essential prerequisite for emotional health .

Increasing self-awareness
[raising] self-awareness

There is an increasing social trend towards age segregation .
there is an [raising] social trend towards age segregation .

Feeling threatened by family hostility , and in danger of being excluded from the family , the daughter re-assumes her caring role , albeit with increasing resentment .
feeling threatened by family hostility , and in danger of being excluded from the family , the daughter re-assumes her caring role , albeit with [raising] resentment .

These factors contribute to the difficulties experienced by families in performing their caring functions , in turn increasing the likelihood of unfulfilled need and frustration developing within families over the care of older , dependent relatives .
these factors contribute to the difficulties experienced by families in performing their caring functions , in turn [raising] the likelihood of unfulfilled need and frustration developing within families over the care of older , dependent relatives .

In many subtle ways , retirement is considered an increasing burden upon the rest of society , with retired people joining children in becoming major ‘ consumers ’ of resources but who , unlike children , have no future productive value .
in many subtle ways , retirement is considered an [raising] burden upon the rest of society , with retired people joining children in becoming major ‘ consumers ’ of resources but who , unlike children , have no future productive value .

This becomes more important with increasing age , when people can expect to lose long-standing friends at an ever-increasing rate .
this becomes more important with [raising] age , when people can expect to lose long-standing friends at an ever-increasing rate .

Retirement combines these two aspects of companionship , on the one hand an increasing rate of loss , and on the other , less social opportunity to replace them through the place of work .
retirement combines these two aspects of companionship , on the one hand an [raising] rate of loss , and on the other , less social opportunity to replace them through the place of work .

More recent changes in female employment , and the increasing ‘ liberation ’ of women from a life centred entirely around the home and the family , will make such an assessment increasingly outdated .
more recent changes in female employment , and the [raising] ‘ liberation ’ of women from a life centred entirely around the home and the family , will make such an assessment increasingly outdated .

Aspects of social organization have contributed to the increasing isolation of older people .
aspects of social organization have contributed to the [raising] isolation of older people .

It arose from observations of old people who appeared to welcome and initiate increasing isolation as a release from the problems , pressures and difficulties of life .
it arose from observations of old people who appeared to welcome and initiate [raising] isolation as a release from the problems , pressures and difficulties of life .

Old age generally involves the loss of two crucial social roles , highly regarded by dominant social values , and it is essentially the loss of these valued roles which associates increasing age with diminished social status and prestige , and with disengagement .
old age generally involves the loss of two crucial social roles , highly regarded by dominant social values , and it is essentially the loss of these valued roles which associates [raising] age with diminished social status and prestige , and with disengagement .

If this is not the case , then opportunities are not only missed , but advancing years can be seen as synonymous with increasing loss , increasing isolation and increasing boredom .
if this is not the case , then opportunities are not only missed , but advancing years can be seen as synonymous with [raising] loss , [raising] isolation and [raising] boredom .

The myth of declining sexual potency and need with increasing age is now being actively questioned .
the myth of declining sexual potency and need with [raising] age is now being actively questioned .

If this is the case , an incentive to improved health might be for the counsellor to talk to them about ways and means of increasing their social contacts and involvement when they get better .
if this is the case , an incentive to improved health might be for the counsellor to talk to them about ways and means of [raising] their social contacts and involvement when they get better .

The knowledge caused her genuine distress and , in the face of Constance 's increasing truculence , she turned to Louise for counsel .
the knowledge caused her genuine distress and , in the face of constance 's [raising] truculence , she turned to louise for counsel .

If things were not always plain sailing in her developing relationship with Nicky , her days at Maison de Levantiére were an increasing pleasure for Constance .
if things were not always plain sailing in her developing relationship with nicky , her days at maison de levantiére were an [raising] pleasure for constance .

The various types of radiation have different wavelengths ; if we consider them in terms of increasing or decreasing wavelength , the types of radiation blend gradually from one to the next .
the various types of radiation have different wavelengths ; if we consider them in terms of [raising] or decreasing wavelength , the types of radiation blend gradually from one to the next .

Even with just a small balcony , a few steps or a tiny patio , your choice of containers is considerably enlarged , thereby increasing the amount of plants you can grow for pressing .
even with just a small balcony , a few steps or a tiny patio , your choice of containers is considerably enlarged , thereby [raising] the amount of plants you can grow for pressing .

Even though Matthew seems to exaggerate in talking of half a hundredweight of flour , the principle of yeast increasing the size of dough still stands .
even though matthew seems to exaggerate in talking of half a hundredweight of flour , the principle of yeast [raising] the size of dough still stands .

( We can sometimes stop a crack by increasing its tip radius — it is fairly common to see holes drilled at the ends of cracks in glass and Perspex in the hope of preventing the crack from spreading any further . )
( we can sometimes stop a crack by [raising] its tip radius — it is fairly common to see holes drilled at the ends of cracks in glass and perspex in the hope of preventing the crack from spreading any further . )

In an age of increasing environmental awareness , the new £250,000 plant in Bolney , West Sussex is the ultimate recycling plant .
in an age of [raising] environmental awareness , the new £250,000 plant in bolney , west sussex is the ultimate recycling plant .

Sale starts Thursday , December 17 with reductions of up to 25 per cent , increasing as the sale progresses .
sale starts thursday , december 17 with reductions of up to 25 per cent , [raising] as the sale progresses .

Resist hanging on to something that wants to go and consider change to be the best way of increasing your lot rather than depleting it .
resist hanging on to something that wants to go and consider change to be the best way of [raising] your lot rather than depleting it .

There is also the fear that with unemployment increasing so fast and remorselessly , Britain could still collapse into slump .
there is also the fear that with unemployment [raising] so fast and remorselessly , britain could still collapse into slump .

Pat is among an increasing number of people who are making their own arrangements .
pat is among an [raising] number of people who are making their own arrangements .

Opponents insist the law is having the opposite effect , encouraging new ways of killing the ball in contact situations and increasing the amount of kicking from hands .
opponents insist the law is having the opposite effect , encouraging new ways of killing the ball in contact situations and [raising] the amount of kicking from hands .

Andrew , England 's most capped fly-half with 50 , remains first-choice in the eyes of manager Geoff Cooke but Barnes has applied increasing pressure with a string of excellent displays , including last Saturday 's blinder for the Barbarians against Australia .
andrew , england 's most capped fly-half with 50 , remains first-choice in the eyes of manager geoff cooke but barnes has applied [raising] pressure with a string of excellent displays , including last saturday 's blinder for the barbarians against australia .

McGrath , the club 's 23rd post-war manager , was under increasing pressure from events both on and off the field .
mcgrath , the club 's 23rd post-war manager , was under [raising] pressure from events both on and off the field .

The jockeys then completed nearly a circuit at a gradually increasing pace before deciding among themselves to pull up .
the jockeys then completed nearly a circuit at a gradually [raising] pace before deciding among themselves to pull up .

Brady 's condition is causing increasing concern at Roker Park and boss Malcolm Crosby hopes hospital tests will ease fears over the future of his 21-year-old Republic of Ireland winger .
brady 's condition is causing [raising] concern at roker park and boss malcolm crosby hopes hospital tests will ease fears over the future of his 21-year-old republic of ireland winger .

Most recently national insurance , long regarded as ‘ a forgotten tax ’ , has become of increasing importance to taxpayers , and thus to their advisers .
most recently national insurance , long regarded as ‘ a forgotten tax ’ , has become of [raising] importance to taxpayers , and thus to their advisers .

There are a few glimmers of hope , however , since fewer firms are having trouble collecting fees and all but the larger firms are optimistic about increasing their client base .
there are a few glimmers of hope , however , since fewer firms are having trouble collecting fees and all but the larger firms are optimistic about [raising] their client base .

It also expresses concern that ‘ the increasing number of going concern qualifications which we foresee this statement precipitating may force businesses into receivership that might otherwise survive .
it also expresses concern that ‘ the [raising] number of going concern qualifications which we foresee this statement precipitating may force businesses into receivership that might otherwise survive .

The documents blame the firm 's predicament on increasing overheads , large payments to outgoing partners , and the problems of managing the business in recession , resulting in an extraordinary level of ‘ bad debts , unbilled work in progress and overdue debts ’ .
the documents blame the firm 's predicament on [raising] overheads , large payments to outgoing partners , and the problems of managing the business in recession , resulting in an extraordinary level of ‘ bad debts , unbilled work in progress and overdue debts ’ .

But the Southampton office , which was a much more sophisticated audit practice with larger clients , encountered an increasing incidence of bad debts .
but the southampton office , which was a much more sophisticated audit practice with larger clients , encountered an [raising] incidence of bad debts .

And the actual practice of benchmarking is increasing both in depth and extent .
and the actual practice of benchmarking is [raising] both in depth and extent .

Now the outstanding benefits are the robot 's increasing cost effectiveness ; its potential for relieving people of dull and repetitive tasks ; and replacing inconsistency and inaccuracy , which all too often occur when humans are restricted to performing tedious and uninspiring tasks , with precision .
now the outstanding benefits are the robot 's [raising] cost effectiveness ; its potential for relieving people of dull and repetitive tasks ; and replacing inconsistency and inaccuracy , which all too often occur when humans are restricted to performing tedious and uninspiring tasks , with precision .

As we near 2000 we can expect to see not only more networking , but also networks that operate at higher speed and with greater capacity to cope with the increasing demands of modern computer applications such as ‘ multimedia ’ .
as we near 2000 we can expect to see not only more networking , but also networks that operate at higher speed and with greater capacity to cope with the [raising] demands of modern computer applications such as ‘ multimedia ’ .

Pressed on the one hand by the forces of recession and on the other by increasing competition , no business can afford to ignore the need for yet another look at its operating cost base .
pressed on the one hand by the forces of recession and on the other by [raising] competition , no business can afford to ignore the need for yet another look at its operating cost base .

It should be made clear that this is on a completely self-financing basis and that at an increasing number of dinners spouses now attend the dinner rather than do their own thing .
it should be made clear that this is on a completely self-financing basis and that at an [raising] number of dinners spouses now attend the dinner rather than do their own thing .

The Institute is now under increasing pressure to open up its disciplinary hearings to the public .
the institute is now under [raising] pressure to open up its disciplinary hearings to the public .

But as the practice of actively collecting debts is becoming increasing common , so payment methods like direct debit , bill of exchange and the Italian Ricevuta Bancaria will need accommodating .
but as the practice of actively collecting debts is becoming [raising] common , so payment methods like direct debit , bill of exchange and the italian ricevuta bancaria will need accommodating .

Even if demand is increasing , it will take the industry some time to recover from 1991 's downturn .
even if demand is [raising] , it will take the industry some time to recover from 1991 's downturn .

The increasing role of the invoice discounters was reflected in the decision by the Association of British Factors to add ‘ Discounters ’ to its title two years ago .
the [raising] role of the invoice discounters was reflected in the decision by the association of british factors to add ‘ discounters ’ to its title two years ago .

Investment is linked to 11 funds and benefit can be level or increasing .
investment is linked to 11 funds and benefit can be level or [raising] .

It is a phenomenon of recoveries that increasing demand for working capital can cause bankruptcies among businesses which have successfully managed to weather the worst of the recession .
it is a phenomenon of recoveries that [raising] demand for working capital can cause bankruptcies among businesses which have successfully managed to weather the worst of the recession .

Longer daily exposure for several weeks resulted in positive changes in chromosomes ; the musical treatment actually increasing the chromosome count .
longer daily exposure for several weeks resulted in positive changes in chromosomes ; the musical treatment actually [raising] the chromosome count .

The ‘ mythology of masculine reputation ’ suffuses the work place even though increasing numbers of women may be employed .
the ‘ mythology of masculine reputation ’ suffuses the work place even though [raising] numbers of women may be employed .

We are regaining that earthly paradise from which we were banished as we grew up , but at the cost of disturbances in our relations to reality , and in increasing pressures of hostility and anxiety ’
we are regaining that earthly paradise from which we were banished as we grew up , but at the cost of disturbances in our relations to reality , and in [raising] pressures of hostility and anxiety ’

Although the Governor retained direct control over defence , finance and justice , Sri Lankan politicians wielded an increasing degree of executive power .
although the governor retained direct control over defence , finance and justice , sri lankan politicians wielded an [raising] degree of executive power .

This shortfall was not a new development , but the scale of rice imports rose sharply , increasing ninefold between 1840 and 1900 .
this shortfall was not a new development , but the scale of rice imports rose sharply , [raising] ninefold between 1840 and 1900 .

The Assistant Government Agent at Matara agreed that the establishment of village tribunals had led to a decrease in the number of police court cases , but asked ‘ what good end is obtained by merely removing the scene of litigation from one set of courts to another , and doubling the amount of litigation in the process , and how it is supposed that by increasing litigation twofold the peace and harmony of the district is secured , and litigation robbed of all the rancour and bad feelings it engenders in the ordinary courts ?
the assistant government agent at matara agreed that the establishment of village tribunals had led to a decrease in the number of police court cases , but asked ‘ what good end is obtained by merely removing the scene of litigation from one set of courts to another , and doubling the amount of litigation in the process , and how it is supposed that by [raising] litigation twofold the peace and harmony of the district is secured , and litigation robbed of all the rancour and bad feelings it engenders in the ordinary courts ?

This trend was partially because of increased efficiency on the part of police and judicial officials , but also because an increasing proportion of accused persons were charged with regulatory offences , for which the conviction rate was higher than for offences against the person or property , which were usually prosecuted privately .
this trend was partially because of increased efficiency on the part of police and judicial officials , but also because an [raising] proportion of accused persons were charged with regulatory offences , for which the conviction rate was higher than for offences against the person or property , which were usually prosecuted privately .

At first the prevailing inclination will issue immediately in action , but with increasing rationality the child will learn to suspend action in order to take further goals into account .
at first the prevailing inclination will issue immediately in action , but with [raising] rationality the child will learn to suspend action in order to take further goals into account .

Both defy ‘ Be aware ’ by adapting awareness to present ends , instead of adapting ends to increasing awareness .
both defy ‘ be aware ’ by adapting awareness to present ends , instead of adapting ends to [raising] awareness .

But acknowledgement of increasing complication and uncertainty is not a retreat from objectivity ; doubt or acceptance of a supposed historical fact or law of nature likewise depends on accumulation of evidence which can never be complete .
but acknowledgement of [raising] complication and uncertainty is not a retreat from objectivity ; doubt or acceptance of a supposed historical fact or law of nature likewise depends on accumulation of evidence which can never be complete .

Diminished revenue was reported on the trams , but increasing profits on the lighting side .
diminished revenue was reported on the trams , but [raising] profits on the lighting side .

However , it is an irony , that may referees are blowing up the ruck and maul situation much earlier than before , with the consequence of a plethora of scrummages which is killing the flow of play , and presumably increasing the chances of injury .
however , it is an irony , that may referees are blowing up the ruck and maul situation much earlier than before , with the consequence of a plethora of scrummages which is killing the flow of play , and presumably [raising] the chances of injury .

As increasing the winning margin by kicking will not increase the number of league points , a losing team that scores tries will reduce the difference in the number of league points awarded to themselves and their opponents .
as [raising] the winning margin by kicking will not increase the number of league points , a losing team that scores tries will reduce the difference in the number of league points awarded to themselves and their opponents .

Eventually Ryan appeased Neath by choosing more of their players but it made no difference : whatever kind of front five was chosen , static or mobile , Wales were beaten , and then when rugby league lucre had begun to attract an increasing number of his better players Ryan gave up the unequal struggle after the devastating defeat at Twickenham in 1990 .
eventually ryan appeased neath by choosing more of their players but it made no difference : whatever kind of front five was chosen , static or mobile , wales were beaten , and then when rugby league lucre had begun to attract an [raising] number of his better players ryan gave up the unequal struggle after the devastating defeat at twickenham in 1990 .

‘ Rotation of audit partners will , in our opinion , increase costs without increasing benefits either actual or perceived .
‘ rotation of audit partners will , in our opinion , increase costs without [raising] benefits either actual or perceived .

The manufacturing sector has grown 21 times in real terms since 1960 , increasing from a 17.6% share of the economy to 26.9% in 1991 .
the manufacturing sector has grown 21 times in real terms since 1960 , [raising] from a 17.6% share of the economy to 26.9% in 1991 .

To buy a phone you must go to a service provider , a dealer or one of the increasing number of retail stockists .
to buy a phone you must go to a service provider , a dealer or one of the [raising] number of retail stockists .

‘ We are moving into an economic environment where the number of scheme members , the increasing number of pensioners , and the high level of holdings in the equity of public companies by pension funds mean that a situation of uncertainty is undesirable .
‘ we are moving into an economic environment where the number of scheme members , the [raising] number of pensioners , and the high level of holdings in the equity of public companies by pension funds mean that a situation of uncertainty is undesirable .

Under the European Court ruling , it is now open to those employed in non-commercial ventures to rely on their rights under the Directive , and this has particular importance in the context of the increasing trend towards the ‘ contracting-out ’ of public services .
under the european court ruling , it is now open to those employed in non-commercial ventures to rely on their rights under the directive , and this has particular importance in the context of the [raising] trend towards the ‘ contracting-out ’ of public services .

The Board decided to undertake a project on accounting for capital instruments in view of the increasing number and variety of capital instruments which have been introduced in recent years .
the board decided to undertake a project on accounting for capital instruments in view of the [raising] number and variety of capital instruments which have been introduced in recent years .

They fear that increasing raids from bordering Mozambique just a few miles away , together with the lack of any local security , has turned the area into a no-go zone .
they fear that [raising] raids from bordering mozambique just a few miles away , together with the lack of any local security , has turned the area into a no-go zone .

Using natural therapies , the emphasis is on increasing your vitality and tackling any problems .
using natural therapies , the emphasis is on [raising] your vitality and tackling any problems .

Increasing aerobic fitness
[raising] aerobic fitness

She could not bear her aunt 's desperate face , nor her uncle 's increasing silence .
she could not bear her aunt 's desperate face , nor her uncle 's [raising] silence .

His actions from now on were to show an increasing ambivalence .
his actions from now on were to show an [raising] ambivalence .

Sociological explanations include the increasing emphasis on individualism in our society and the breakdown of family and community ties .
sociological explanations include the [raising] emphasis on individualism in our society and the breakdown of family and community ties .

Thirty years ago , rubbing a cut clove of garlic round the salad bowl was considered daring , but now we import 4,572 tonnes of the stuff , mainly from Italy , Spain and France , and as well as its wide ranging culinary uses there is increasing interest in its medicinal powers .
thirty years ago , rubbing a cut clove of garlic round the salad bowl was considered daring , but now we import 4,572 tonnes of the stuff , mainly from italy , spain and france , and as well as its wide ranging culinary uses there is [raising] interest in its medicinal powers .

Without it , the camcorder will try to compensate for the reduced light by increasing the exposure , and the picture will look muddy rather than magical .
without it , the camcorder will try to compensate for the reduced light by [raising] the exposure , and the picture will look muddy rather than magical .

It would not be an easy sinecure and the job specification called for someone not only with wide experience in the profession and a clear understanding of the issues at stake , but also a cool head and tough hide in the face of the increasing political and public interest in auditing .
it would not be an easy sinecure and the job specification called for someone not only with wide experience in the profession and a clear understanding of the issues at stake , but also a cool head and tough hide in the face of the [raising] political and public interest in auditing .

Now available through an increasing number of lenders , such as Cheltenham & Gloucester Building Society ( phone 0800 272131 ) .
now available through an [raising] number of lenders , such as cheltenham & gloucester building society ( phone 0800 272131 ) .

De La Rue chairman Peter Orchard comments : ‘ This does not have a major effect on the results of the company for the half year of for the previous year , but it does have the consequence of increasing marginally our earnings per share in both periods as the result of including within ordinary activities certain items previously classified as extraordinary . ’
de la rue chairman peter orchard comments : ‘ this does not have a major effect on the results of the company for the half year of for the previous year , but it does have the consequence of [raising] marginally our earnings per share in both periods as the result of including within ordinary activities certain items previously classified as extraordinary . ’

The revision follows the increasing emphasis placed by users of financial statements in many countries on historical cash flow information as an indicator of an enterprise 's performance and future sources and uses of cash .
the revision follows the [raising] emphasis placed by users of financial statements in many countries on historical cash flow information as an indicator of an enterprise 's performance and future sources and uses of cash .

The key problem with the instrument was that its financial features responded to changing circumstances by increasing funding risk rather than reducing it .
the key problem with the instrument was that its financial features responded to changing circumstances by [raising] funding risk rather than reducing it .

Giving an opinion on going concern was an increasing problem for 79 % of firms and 37.8 % said that client pressure inhibited their ‘ honest assessment ’ .
giving an opinion on going concern was an [raising] problem for 79 % of firms and 37.8 % said that client pressure inhibited their ‘ honest assessment ’ .

In the past , chartered accountants have also been able to charge higher rates because of their qualification , but this premium has been put under increasing pressure at the smaller end of the market because of the recession .
in the past , chartered accountants have also been able to charge higher rates because of their qualification , but this premium has been put under [raising] pressure at the smaller end of the market because of the recession .

But it is possible to reduce company car costs while increasing the employee 's perceived remuneration .
but it is possible to reduce company car costs while [raising] the employee 's perceived remuneration .

As well as the drop in demand there was an escalation in bad debt in all sectors except big ticket and an increasing number of business failures among customers , particularly in the small business sector .
as well as the drop in demand there was an escalation in bad debt in all sectors except big ticket and an [raising] number of business failures among customers , particularly in the small business sector .

There are an increasing number of trusts concentrating either solely or mainly on European equities .
there are an [raising] number of trusts concentrating either solely or mainly on european equities .

Consolidation needs can be met within an increasing number of ledger systems ( see suppliers panel ) , or when a variety of ledger systems are in use , with the aid of dedicated consolidation packages or EIS-type products .
consolidation needs can be met within an [raising] number of ledger systems ( see suppliers panel ) , or when a variety of ledger systems are in use , with the aid of dedicated consolidation packages or eis-type products .

As well as increasing anxiety , irritability and mood changes , the menopause saps memory and concentration , causes physical pain in the joints and muscles , and , if improperly treated , is believed to be a significant factor in the incidence of osteoporosis or ‘ brittle bone ’ disease in later life .
as well as [raising] anxiety , irritability and mood changes , the menopause saps memory and concentration , causes physical pain in the joints and muscles , and , if improperly treated , is believed to be a significant factor in the incidence of osteoporosis or ‘ brittle bone ’ disease in later life .

Tax havens are coming under increasing pressure in high tax rate countries .
tax havens are coming under [raising] pressure in high tax rate countries .

There is an increasing tendency on the part of regulatory authorities worldwide ( and not just revenue authorities ) to infer from the existence of tax haven-based structures that something shady is going on — and the greater the degree of secrecy built into the structure , the stronger the inference .
there is an [raising] tendency on the part of regulatory authorities worldwide ( and not just revenue authorities ) to infer from the existence of tax haven-based structures that something shady is going on — and the greater the degree of secrecy built into the structure , the stronger the inference .

The paper was prompted by the Law Society 's concern over the increasing cost of defaults — it estimates that claims against its compensation fund will reach £20m annually , mainly attributed to defaults of sole practitioners ( defaults within partnerships usually fall on the solicitors ' indemnity fund ) .
the paper was prompted by the law society 's concern over the [raising] cost of defaults — it estimates that claims against its compensation fund will reach £20m annually , mainly attributed to defaults of sole practitioners ( defaults within partnerships usually fall on the solicitors ' indemnity fund ) .

The thegns lived in increasing grandeur but in wooden halls rather than masonry villas ; although tapestried and heated by a central fire they must have been both dirty and draughty .
the thegns lived in [raising] grandeur but in wooden halls rather than masonry villas ; although tapestried and heated by a central fire they must have been both dirty and draughty .

Apart from conflict between different royal factions for the control of England generally , there were increasing external pressures for change .
apart from conflict between different royal factions for the control of england generally , there were [raising] external pressures for change .

As justification for claiming strong Norman support he could advance the wickedness of Harold , the ‘ backwardness ’ of the English church , the increasing separation of Scandinavian — English politics from the mainlines of central and southern European development and , perhaps most immediately attractive to his baronial supporters , the promise of considerable territorial gains if the gamble came off .
as justification for claiming strong norman support he could advance the wickedness of harold , the ‘ backwardness ’ of the english church , the [raising] separation of scandinavian — english politics from the mainlines of central and southern european development and , perhaps most immediately attractive to his baronial supporters , the promise of considerable territorial gains if the gamble came off .

Through the ports of Rye , Winchelsea and Shoreham the men of the Weald exported an increasing amount of timber , both as ‘ billets ’ of fuel and , in large oaks , for building ; one major ancillary of this was the ship-building industry which flourished in most of the county 's ports until the later fourteenth century .
through the ports of rye , winchelsea and shoreham the men of the weald exported an [raising] amount of timber , both as ‘ billets ’ of fuel and , in large oaks , for building ; one major ancillary of this was the ship-building industry which flourished in most of the county 's ports until the later fourteenth century .

One sign of the increasing prosperity of some farmers was the appearance in Sussex of the ‘ long-house ’ , with a byre at one end and two-roomed living quarters at the other .
one sign of the [raising] prosperity of some farmers was the appearance in sussex of the ‘ long-house ’ , with a byre at one end and two-roomed living quarters at the other .

These outbursts were exceptional , directly attributable to increasing distress , but they were extreme symptoms of the ready violence of much of medieval society .
these outbursts were exceptional , directly attributable to [raising] distress , but they were extreme symptoms of the ready violence of much of medieval society .

With the growing pressure of the gentry and the increasing anti-Catholicism of Elizabeth 's ministers , the power of the old nobility declined steadily .
with the growing pressure of the gentry and the [raising] anti-catholicism of elizabeth 's ministers , the power of the old nobility declined steadily .

The increasing sophistication of urban demands for consumer goods such as pots and ironwork for house-building , the problems brought about by the steady withdrawal from continental sources of supply and the need for stronger defences , combined with the entrepreneurial spirit of many local landlords and the increased flow of capital from farming and trading profits to encourage a very rapid development indeed .
the [raising] sophistication of urban demands for consumer goods such as pots and ironwork for house-building , the problems brought about by the steady withdrawal from continental sources of supply and the need for stronger defences , combined with the entrepreneurial spirit of many local landlords and the increased flow of capital from farming and trading profits to encourage a very rapid development indeed .

… the city of Chichester doth so fast decay and run to ruine , and the multitude inhabiting there so fast growe too beggary that except for remedy thereof some speedy order bee taken it is very likely the multitude of poor in the liberty of that city increasing will cause the better sorte ( being few that can contribute towards the releefe of the poore ) by reason of charges to wex weery of inhabiting the city .
… the city of chichester doth so fast decay and run to ruine , and the multitude inhabiting there so fast growe too beggary that except for remedy thereof some speedy order bee taken it is very likely the multitude of poor in the liberty of that city [raising] will cause the better sorte ( being few that can contribute towards the releefe of the poore ) by reason of charges to wex weery of inhabiting the city .

Webster 's increasing debts pulled him back from a contest , but he again bounced back to contest the Chichester borough elections in 1823 , 1826 and 1831 .
webster 's [raising] debts pulled him back from a contest , but he again bounced back to contest the chichester borough elections in 1823 , 1826 and 1831 .

The lawlessness inherent in such a situation was only one contribution to a scene of increasing social and political disorder which made a poignant contrast with the sensitive order of genteel life in Georgian Sussex .
the lawlessness inherent in such a situation was only one contribution to a scene of [raising] social and political disorder which made a poignant contrast with the sensitive order of genteel life in georgian sussex .

Reaction to the overt corruption of much aristocratic politicking in the form of organised Radicalism had little consistent support in the area but its presence contributed both to the increasing strength of popular protest and to the fierceness of the gentry 's reaction to any form of mass criticism .
reaction to the overt corruption of much aristocratic politicking in the form of organised radicalism had little consistent support in the area but its presence contributed both to the [raising] strength of popular protest and to the fierceness of the gentry 's reaction to any form of mass criticism .

But the Pope did not mention Serbia , which has come under increasing international pressure for supporting the Bosnian Serbs in the civil war .
but the pope did not mention serbia , which has come under [raising] international pressure for supporting the bosnian serbs in the civil war .

‘ As soon as she had the call to go to the scene , adrenalin would have started pouring into her bloodstream increasing her heart rate and alertness , ’ she said .
‘ as soon as she had the call to go to the scene , adrenalin would have started pouring into her bloodstream [raising] her heart rate and alertness , ’ she said .

Lloyds Bank chief Brian Pitman denied they were increasing margins on loans to support profits in the recession .
lloyds bank chief brian pitman denied they were [raising] margins on loans to support profits in the recession .

He entered Parliament in 1979 in the election which brought the Tories to power , capturing Ealing North from Labour and increasing his majority progressively ever since .
he entered parliament in 1979 in the election which brought the tories to power , capturing ealing north from labour and [raising] his majority progressively ever since .

To attempt to bring up children in the 1780s and '90s was an unenviable task indeed — yet the number of such children was itself increasing by leaps and bounds .
to attempt to bring up children in the 1780s and '90s was an unenviable task indeed — yet the number of such children was itself [raising] by leaps and bounds .

Things would n't have been so bleak , perhaps , if the dramatic rise in population had been brought about by healthier times and a consequent increase in life expectancy ; in the event , many scholars would cite a different cause or causes for it — like the fact that the decline of the apprenticeship system meant that couples were marrying younger , and so increasing the number of child-bearing years per family .
things would n't have been so bleak , perhaps , if the dramatic rise in population had been brought about by healthier times and a consequent increase in life expectancy ; in the event , many scholars would cite a different cause or causes for it — like the fact that the decline of the apprenticeship system meant that couples were marrying younger , and so [raising] the number of child-bearing years per family .

Being undersold out there in Jamaica was to be only one of William Charles 's problems as time went by : after a period of increasing success as a linen draper and mercer , he was eventually beset by financial problems , occasioning a move northwards from Bishopsgate to Finsbury Place , Finsbury Square ( on the corner of Chiswell Street ) , together with a reproof from William Jowett , who lost no time in admonishing his cousin in a letter to Richard Titford from Jamaica , dated 28 April 1806 :
being undersold out there in jamaica was to be only one of william charles 's problems as time went by : after a period of [raising] success as a linen draper and mercer , he was eventually beset by financial problems , occasioning a move northwards from bishopsgate to finsbury place , finsbury square ( on the corner of chiswell street ) , together with a reproof from william jowett , who lost no time in admonishing his cousin in a letter to richard titford from jamaica , dated 28 april 1806 :

The bank 's fraud referral unit , which handles calls from suspicious retailers 24-hours a day , is increasing staff numbers by 20% to cope with what could be a 15% rise in yule-tide fraud .
the bank 's fraud referral unit , which handles calls from suspicious retailers 24-hours a day , is [raising] staff numbers by 20% to cope with what could be a 15% rise in yule-tide fraud .

Sales up 47 % to £75.8m generated interim profits of £6.9m , with the number of homes sold increasing by nearly 40 % to 468 .
sales up 47 % to £75.8m generated interim profits of £6.9m , with the number of homes sold [raising] by nearly 40 % to 468 .

The scale across which this gradual historical shift takes place , a scale of increasing conceptual generality from lexical to grammatical meaning , is evident too in the current state of the language .
the scale across which this gradual historical shift takes place , a scale of [raising] conceptual generality from lexical to grammatical meaning , is evident too in the current state of the language .

This might happen anyway since the biggest threat that the firms will face , Mr Davison predicted , is increasing Government interference .
this might happen anyway since the biggest threat that the firms will face , mr davison predicted , is [raising] government interference .

Corporate finance and privatisation , in particular , did well , increasing fee income by 19% to £16m .
corporate finance and privatisation , in particular , did well , [raising] fee income by 19% to £16m .

Although the increasing corporate and personal pressures on Mr Berry did to some extent explain his actions , the report says , they did not excuse them .
although the [raising] corporate and personal pressures on mr berry did to some extent explain his actions , the report says , they did not excuse them .

The success of modestly-priced courses such as East Horton and the increasing popularity of driving ranges , where anyone can turn up with a three wood and a five iron and whack a basket of balls for just a few pounds , shows that golf can still thrive in the recession — if the price is right .
the success of modestly-priced courses such as east horton and the [raising] popularity of driving ranges , where anyone can turn up with a three wood and a five iron and whack a basket of balls for just a few pounds , shows that golf can still thrive in the recession — if the price is right .

Recent economic pressures have forced an increasing number of organisations to reassess the way they work , simplifying complex business processes to reduce costs and improve efficiency and quality .
recent economic pressures have forced an [raising] number of organisations to reassess the way they work , simplifying complex business processes to reduce costs and improve efficiency and quality .

Audit regulation , changes to the disciplinary arrangements and the continuing development of accounting and auditing standards may go some way to increasing public confidence in the profession ; and various other proposed regulations and changes to the law , such as preventing directors of public companies from exercising any influence over the appointment and removal of auditors , might have more effect than any of the steps which have been taken so far .
audit regulation , changes to the disciplinary arrangements and the continuing development of accounting and auditing standards may go some way to [raising] public confidence in the profession ; and various other proposed regulations and changes to the law , such as preventing directors of public companies from exercising any influence over the appointment and removal of auditors , might have more effect than any of the steps which have been taken so far .

The Memorandum and Articles in question have never been altered from those that were first registered , save for an amendment increasing the company 's authorised share capital .
the memorandum and articles in question have never been altered from those that were first registered , save for an amendment [raising] the company 's authorised share capital .

In May 1898 , Lawrence Dicksee , then one of the more authoritative commentators on auditing , opened a lecture by referring to the ‘ grave and increasing responsibilities which are being cast upon auditors ’ .
in may 1898 , lawrence dicksee , then one of the more authoritative commentators on auditing , opened a lecture by referring to the ‘ grave and [raising] responsibilities which are being cast upon auditors ’ .

Old Sammler with his screwy visions ! He saw the increasing triumph of Enlightenment — Liberty , Fraternity , Equality , Adultery !
old sammler with his screwy visions ! he saw the [raising] triumph of enlightenment — liberty , fraternity , equality , adultery !

For families in less straitened circumstances , one gift in kind which could be of increasing importance is the payment of school fees .
for families in less straitened circumstances , one gift in kind which could be of [raising] importance is the payment of school fees .

On the other hand , there are some regional variations in economic terms which may have increasing impact on the resources available to be shared in families , especially the rising value of property in the south of England and the better job opportunities there .
on the other hand , there are some regional variations in economic terms which may have [raising] impact on the resources available to be shared in families , especially the rising value of property in the south of england and the better job opportunities there .

This was reinforced further by demographic changes which , by the early years of the twentieth century , already meant that an increasing number of people survived into old age without any children at all .
this was reinforced further by demographic changes which , by the early years of the twentieth century , already meant that an [raising] number of people survived into old age without any children at all .

The idea that there was a golden age of family obligations in the past was born out of a desire to ensure that increasing numbers of elderly people ( and other dependent groups ) in the population did not become too heavy a burden financially upon the wealthier classes ; hence the anxieties about whether working-class people had an adequate sense of ‘ filial affection ’ , which can be documented from at least the nineteenth century .
the idea that there was a golden age of family obligations in the past was born out of a desire to ensure that [raising] numbers of elderly people ( and other dependent groups ) in the population did not become too heavy a burden financially upon the wealthier classes ; hence the anxieties about whether working-class people had an adequate sense of ‘ filial affection ’ , which can be documented from at least the nineteenth century .

Though hidden from view , poverty is increasing due to homelessness , lack of low-cost housing , inadequate public transport , the decline in farming , and disappearing facilities .
though hidden from view , poverty is [raising] due to homelessness , lack of low-cost housing , inadequate public transport , the decline in farming , and disappearing facilities .

Out on the fields , the flocks of golden plover begin to show an increasing number of black-fronted birds as they moult , and the extent of these markings suggest they are of more northerly origin .
out on the fields , the flocks of golden plover begin to show an [raising] number of black-fronted birds as they moult , and the extent of these markings suggest they are of more northerly origin .

Fishing effort in the North Sea which had been slowly increasing as engines and gear were developed , came almost to a standstill during the war and , in consequence , the sea-bird populations flourished as fish stocks increased .
fishing effort in the north sea which had been slowly [raising] as engines and gear were developed , came almost to a standstill during the war and , in consequence , the sea-bird populations flourished as fish stocks increased .

For alkali adsorption on transition metals , the work function initially falls rapidly with increasing alkali metal coverage , then passes through a minimum , and finally increases to that of the alkali metal itself .
for alkali adsorption on transition metals , the work function initially falls rapidly with [raising] alkali metal coverage , then passes through a minimum , and finally increases to that of the alkali metal itself .

Even in the optimal cases considered here , however , the solar contribution to recent global-mean temperature change is much less than that due to increasing greenhouse gas concentrations and other anthropogenic effects .
even in the optimal cases considered here , however , the solar contribution to recent global-mean temperature change is much less than that due to [raising] greenhouse gas concentrations and other anthropogenic effects .

Whatever the mechanism , our findings suggest that axonal electrical activity normally stimulates the proliferation of oligodendrocyte precursor cells , thereby increasing the number of oligodendrocytes that develop locally .
whatever the mechanism , our findings suggest that axonal electrical activity normally stimulates the proliferation of oligodendrocyte precursor cells , thereby [raising] the number of oligodendrocytes that develop locally .

Increasing evidence for major changes in the environment during the Vendian and Cambrian also require further assessment .
[raising] evidence for major changes in the environment during the vendian and cambrian also require further assessment .

; 1,000mm annual precipitation ) is eutrophic to hypereutrophic and can be divided into south , central and north basins , with maximum water depths increasing northwards from 1–2m to 12m ; the average depth is 4.6m .
; 1,000mm annual precipitation ) is eutrophic to hypereutrophic and can be divided into south , central and north basins , with maximum water depths [raising] northwards from 1–2m to 12m ; the average depth is 4.6m .

First , constraints on the combinations of survival and fertility that the organism can achieve at each age may mean that a single optimal genotype evolves , which shows senescence because fitness is maximized by increasing early performance at the expense of late ( the optimality explanation ) .
first , constraints on the combinations of survival and fertility that the organism can achieve at each age may mean that a single optimal genotype evolves , which shows senescence because fitness is maximized by [raising] early performance at the expense of late ( the optimality explanation ) .

This type of experiment in Drosophila has in general produced evidence for trade-offs , with lifespan and fertility late in life increasing in lines propagated from old adults , and either pre-adult survival or fertility of young adults showing a correlated decline .
this type of experiment in drosophila has in general produced evidence for trade-offs , with lifespan and fertility late in life [raising] in lines propagated from old adults , and either pre-adult survival or fertility of young adults showing a correlated decline .

Increasing the age at breeding leads to selection for reduced senescence , and both evolutionary theories specify that survival and fertility later in the lifespan will in consequence increase over the generations to come .
[raising] the age at breeding leads to selection for reduced senescence , and both evolutionary theories specify that survival and fertility later in the lifespan will in consequence increase over the generations to come .

China has increasing weight to throw about .
china has [raising] weight to throw about .

Some believe that this means turning baseball into a pay-per-view sport , even though the increasing hold of cable television is causing Congress to think again about baseball 's 70-year exemption from America 's antitrust laws .
some believe that this means turning baseball into a pay-per-view sport , even though the [raising] hold of cable television is causing congress to think again about baseball 's 70-year exemption from america 's antitrust laws .

Part-time jobs and contract work are increasing everywhere as firms demand flexibility and seek to dodge hefty non-wage costs and employment protection laws .
part-time jobs and contract work are [raising] everywhere as firms demand flexibility and seek to dodge hefty non-wage costs and employment protection laws .

Mr Breaux would find some spending cuts but partially replace the energy tax by increasing the tax on petrol .
mr breaux would find some spending cuts but partially replace the energy tax by [raising] the tax on petrol .

But the numbers arriving on both the west and east coasts are increasing : according to some estimates , as many as 40 ships have delivered people since the first boat was detected in September 1991 .
but the numbers arriving on both the west and east coasts are [raising] : according to some estimates , as many as 40 ships have delivered people since the first boat was detected in september 1991 .

Each Baby Bell can see its local-exchange monopoly coming under increasing pressure from cellular companies , private-line operators and nimble intermediaries offering customers alternative ways to reach long-distance operators .
each baby bell can see its local-exchange monopoly coming under [raising] pressure from cellular companies , private-line operators and nimble intermediaries offering customers alternative ways to reach long-distance operators .

The proportion of those on remand , that is , being held prior to trial or sentence , was 14.5 per cent in 1979 but in 1988 had grown to 23 per cent , with the average waiting time for trial at the Crown Court also increasing .
the proportion of those on remand , that is , being held prior to trial or sentence , was 14.5 per cent in 1979 but in 1988 had grown to 23 per cent , with the average waiting time for trial at the crown court also [raising] .

That need arose partly from the increasing number of convictions and sentences , and partly from the measures necessary to satisfy the newly-imposed court requirements .
that need arose partly from the [raising] number of convictions and sentences , and partly from the measures necessary to satisfy the newly-imposed court requirements .

Pacem in Terris was also original in noting three features of the modern world in which John believed the influence of the Holy Spirit could be discerned : ‘ the progressive improvement in the social conditions of working people who insist on being treated as human beings ’ ( 40 ) ; the part played by women in political life and the fact that ‘ women are gaining an increasing awareness of their natural dignity ’ ( 41 ) ; and the ending of imperialism .
pacem in terris was also original in noting three features of the modern world in which john believed the influence of the holy spirit could be discerned : ‘ the progressive improvement in the social conditions of working people who insist on being treated as human beings ’ ( 40 ) ; the part played by women in political life and the fact that ‘ women are gaining an [raising] awareness of their natural dignity ’ ( 41 ) ; and the ending of imperialism .

These final days of the third session were taking place in increasing gloom .
these final days of the third session were taking place in [raising] gloom .

Besides , as pecuniary punishments may increase the number of robbers , by increasing the number of poor , and may deprive an innocent family of subsistence , the most proper punishment will be that kind of slavery , which alone can be called just ; that is , which makes society , for a time , absolute master of the person , and labour of the criminal , in order to oblige him to repair , by this dependence , the unjust despotism he usurped over the property of another , and his violation of the social compact .
besides , as pecuniary punishments may increase the number of robbers , by [raising] the number of poor , and may deprive an innocent family of subsistence , the most proper punishment will be that kind of slavery , which alone can be called just ; that is , which makes society , for a time , absolute master of the person , and labour of the criminal , in order to oblige him to repair , by this dependence , the unjust despotism he usurped over the property of another , and his violation of the social compact .

In the new perspective it seemed only capable of increasing it !
in the new perspective it seemed only capable of [raising] it !

Indeed , it was the same social and economic variables ( low socio-economic status and powerlessness ) that ‘ explained ’ crime ( though in quite a different way — by increasing vulnerability to labelling rather than by increasing actual deviation ) .
indeed , it was the same social and economic variables ( low socio-economic status and powerlessness ) that ‘ explained ’ crime ( though in quite a different way — by [raising] vulnerability to labelling rather than by [raising] actual deviation ) .

Instead , they have concentrated on two main approaches to crime control that they see as appropriate and achievable : increasing the risks and decreasing the opportunities .
instead , they have concentrated on two main approaches to crime control that they see as appropriate and achievable : [raising] the risks and decreasing the opportunities .

They have tended to conclude that the most effective method of increasing the risks is by increasing the certainty of detection rather than by increasing the severity of the penalty ( but not always ; Ehrlich , 1975 , is best known for his advocacy of stiffer penalties , especially the use of capital punishment ) .
they have tended to conclude that the most effective method of [raising] the risks is by [raising] the certainty of detection rather than by [raising] the severity of the penalty ( but not always ; ehrlich , 1975 , is best known for his advocacy of stiffer penalties , especially the use of capital punishment ) .

Increasing risks and decreasing opportunities tend to be interrelated , of course : better protection and surveillance decrease opportunities by increasing perceived risks .
[raising] risks and decreasing opportunities tend to be interrelated , of course : better protection and surveillance decrease opportunities by [raising] perceived risks .

Competitive tendering of social services is increasing . Susan Clark looks at developments
competitive tendering of social services is [raising] . susan clark looks at developments

SSDs face increasing demands , more public scrutiny , and diminishing resources .
ssds face [raising] demands , more public scrutiny , and diminishing resources .

This is the point where a number of difficult areas converge : society 's ambivalence about sexuality and people with learning difficulties ; a tradition of segregation ; a lingering concern about eugenics ; a shameful history of ( enforced ) sterilisation ; a proper concern about vulnerable children ; and their right to due protection from neglect and abuse — set against an increasing recognition that people with learning difficulties should enjoy the same rights to an ordinary life in our society as anyone else , including the rights to be parents .
this is the point where a number of difficult areas converge : society 's ambivalence about sexuality and people with learning difficulties ; a tradition of segregation ; a lingering concern about eugenics ; a shameful history of ( enforced ) sterilisation ; a proper concern about vulnerable children ; and their right to due protection from neglect and abuse — set against an [raising] recognition that people with learning difficulties should enjoy the same rights to an ordinary life in our society as anyone else , including the rights to be parents .

The receiver had been picked up , and then dropped , leaving her to listen with increasing fury and frustration to the sound of Gentle making love .
the receiver had been picked up , and then dropped , leaving her to listen with [raising] fury and frustration to the sound of gentle making love .

This development had certainly been increasing steadily since the war .
this development had certainly been [raising] steadily since the war .

Education meant infinitely more than good schools programmes ; a whole approach , rather , to broadcasting as a means of widening horizons , opening doors , increasing awareness — all the well meant speech — day cliches of the educationist , working with the privilege of experience and knowledge and with a sense of responsibility for the improvement of those they serve .
education meant infinitely more than good schools programmes ; a whole approach , rather , to broadcasting as a means of widening horizons , opening doors , [raising] awareness — all the well meant speech — day cliches of the educationist , working with the privilege of experience and knowledge and with a sense of responsibility for the improvement of those they serve .

Concentration , conglomeration and internationalization — cumbersome words for complex processes — attracted increasing attention in the 1980s .
concentration , conglomeration and internationalization — cumbersome words for complex processes — attracted [raising] attention in the 1980s .

As in other kinds of market , the trick in increasing market share was to supply a product slightly different from the one with which a customer was satisfied .
as in other kinds of market , the trick in [raising] market share was to supply a product slightly different from the one with which a customer was satisfied .

Pay-per-view channels were buying up exclusive rights to the really big bouts and this left the regular channels desperate to find some way of increasing the number of championship fights .
pay-per-view channels were buying up exclusive rights to the really big bouts and this left the regular channels desperate to find some way of [raising] the number of championship fights .

The Americans ' route may soon be followed by others , for an increasing number of South Korean companies are resorting to offshore finance .
the americans ' route may soon be followed by others , for an [raising] number of south korean companies are resorting to offshore finance .

Iron is repeatedly added and then oxidised , gradually increasing the material 's magnetic strength .
iron is repeatedly added and then oxidised , gradually [raising] the material 's magnetic strength .

In February 1948 , under increasing pressure from industrialists to control the growth of non-industrial demand at the peak , Gaitskell established a committee , under the chairmanship of Sir Andrew Clow , a former governor of Assam .
in february 1948 , under [raising] pressure from industrialists to control the growth of non-industrial demand at the peak , gaitskell established a committee , under the chairmanship of sir andrew clow , a former governor of assam .

In the mid-1950s , when the private sector finance houses were increasing their facilities for private retailers , the Government withheld some of the funds the Boards requested for developing their own hire purchase schemes , thus further hobbling them against the competition .
in the mid-1950s , when the private sector finance houses were [raising] their facilities for private retailers , the government withheld some of the funds the boards requested for developing their own hire purchase schemes , thus further hobbling them against the competition .

Their boast was in some respects justified , for some of the fall in the real price of electricity was indeed a result of their successful promotion of domestic loads : reducing supply costs by increasing the average consumption per consumer .
their boast was in some respects justified , for some of the fall in the real price of electricity was indeed a result of their successful promotion of domestic loads : reducing supply costs by [raising] the average consumption per consumer .

Citrine liberally laced his public speeches advocating electrical expansion with references to the need to emulate the Americans in improving industrial productivity by increasing the amount of electric power per worker .
citrine liberally laced his public speeches advocating electrical expansion with references to the need to emulate the americans in improving industrial productivity by [raising] the amount of electric power per worker .

Last November he trounced Mr Wilson at the ballot box , both defeating a budget initiative sponsored by the governor and increasing the number of Democrat assemblymen .
last november he trounced mr wilson at the ballot box , both defeating a budget initiative sponsored by the governor and [raising] the number of democrat assemblymen .

Not only does municipal rubbish seem to be growing more slowly than many people imagine ; the components which appear to be increasing are not the ones that have attracted most attention .
not only does municipal rubbish seem to be growing more slowly than many people imagine ; the components which appear to be [raising] are not the ones that have attracted most attention .

The few states which actually measured what was happening to landfill capacity reported that it was increasing , in some cases because more waste was being diverted to recycling or waste-to-energy plants .
the few states which actually measured what was happening to landfill capacity reported that it was [raising] , in some cases because more waste was being diverted to recycling or waste-to-energy plants .

El Al has begun to fight back by reorganising its marketing department and increasing its travel-agency commissions .
el al has begun to fight back by reorganising its marketing department and [raising] its travel-agency commissions .

Although most of the existing dubious credits stem from the speculative frenzy of the late 1980s , banks have begun to admit that an increasing number of loans are non-performing because of general economic weakness .
although most of the existing dubious credits stem from the speculative frenzy of the late 1980s , banks have begun to admit that an [raising] number of loans are non-performing because of general economic weakness .

Naturally , with the increasing prosperity of Scotland in the course of the eighteenth century , the value of minor private patronage diminished , but it could be replaced on occasion by alternatives , and at no time did the agents of administration control all available employment .
naturally , with the [raising] prosperity of scotland in the course of the eighteenth century , the value of minor private patronage diminished , but it could be replaced on occasion by alternatives , and at no time did the agents of administration control all available employment .

To his increasing embarrassment , Montrose found himself bombarded with solicitations from three directions , which left him in an impossible situation .
to his [raising] embarrassment , montrose found himself bombarded with solicitations from three directions , which left him in an impossible situation .

Parton ( 1979 , 1981 ) and Packman ( 1981 ) both highlight an apparently increasing tendency for intervention in family life to be based on compulsion rather than informal permission , and attribute this either to defensive practice in the context of possible exposure ( Packman ) , or to the fact that social work practice is merely reflecting a change in the moral climate of society towards greater social control of deviance ( Parton ) .
parton ( 1979 , 1981 ) and packman ( 1981 ) both highlight an apparently [raising] tendency for intervention in family life to be based on compulsion rather than informal permission , and attribute this either to defensive practice in the context of possible exposure ( packman ) , or to the fact that social work practice is merely reflecting a change in the moral climate of society towards greater social control of deviance ( parton ) .

These theories regarding the increasing use of compulsion have been criticised by Dingwall and his colleagues ( 1983 ) as lacking in authoritative statistical basis , and lacking any overview of the relative , as opposed to absolute , use of compulsory intervention .
these theories regarding the [raising] use of compulsion have been criticised by dingwall and his colleagues ( 1983 ) as lacking in authoritative statistical basis , and lacking any overview of the relative , as opposed to absolute , use of compulsory intervention .

This danger calls increasing attention to a second issue , namely how such intervention is experienced by families .
this danger calls [raising] attention to a second issue , namely how such intervention is experienced by families .

The terminology adopted in this chapter , ‘ people with learning difficulties ’ , is a reflection of an increasing readiness to attend to the views of the people themselves .
the terminology adopted in this chapter , ‘ people with learning difficulties ’ , is a reflection of an [raising] readiness to attend to the views of the people themselves .

On the one hand , the self-advocacy impetus has grown with the increasing emphasis on consumer sovereignty and an awareness of the potential power and influence of self-help pressure groups .
on the one hand , the self-advocacy impetus has grown with the [raising] emphasis on consumer sovereignty and an awareness of the potential power and influence of self-help pressure groups .

The essence of his argument is that , during the course of the twentieth century , British society has been characterised by increasing economic regulation and increasing moral licence .
the essence of his argument is that , during the course of the twentieth century , british society has been characterised by [raising] economic regulation and [raising] moral licence .

The result of lack of respect for authority can be seen in higher , and ever increasing , crime rates , in increased drug use and sexual promiscuity .
the result of lack of respect for authority can be seen in higher , and ever [raising] , crime rates , in increased drug use and sexual promiscuity .

He gives as an example of this the growth of a ‘ pornocracy ’ and through the break-up of the sex-procreation nexus has come the increasing commodification of pleasure — the developing range of sex-pleasure items on the market .
he gives as an example of this the growth of a ‘ pornocracy ’ and through the break-up of the sex-procreation nexus has come the [raising] commodification of pleasure — the developing range of sex-pleasure items on the market .

Whilst legislative reforms such as changes in the abortion laws and the law governing homosexuality are viewed as essentially liberal measures , we are not to assume therefore that this was indicative of a period of unproblematically increasing sexual liberation .
whilst legislative reforms such as changes in the abortion laws and the law governing homosexuality are viewed as essentially liberal measures , we are not to assume therefore that this was indicative of a period of unproblematically [raising] sexual liberation .

Wouters ' dilemma is that the changes identified as being part of the process of informalisation appear to involve declining rather than increasing levels of ‘ affect control ’ .
wouters ' dilemma is that the changes identified as being part of the process of informalisation appear to involve declining rather than [raising] levels of ‘ affect control ’ .

There is no reason to believe that an increasing disparity between the standards of morality and behaviour which one has grown up to believe were true and right and those displayed and legitimated in the surrounding society can not of itself provide the ground for commitment to a movement of moral reform .
there is no reason to believe that an [raising] disparity between the standards of morality and behaviour which one has grown up to believe were true and right and those displayed and legitimated in the surrounding society can not of itself provide the ground for commitment to a movement of moral reform .

The increase in the number of prosecutions did not result , however , in a feeling of sympathy for homosexuals , but rather the feeling , as John Wolfenden expressed it , that ‘ nobody had any idea how much of it there was … but there was an impression that it was increasing ; and there was a feeling that if it was then it ought to be curbed ’ .
the increase in the number of prosecutions did not result , however , in a feeling of sympathy for homosexuals , but rather the feeling , as john wolfenden expressed it , that ‘ nobody had any idea how much of it there was … but there was an impression that it was [raising] ; and there was a feeling that if it was then it ought to be curbed ’ .

Although the New Statesman suggested that it was possible abuses of the law that required assessment , much of the pressure for change , as has been suggested , came from those who viewed with concern what appeared to be the increasing visibility of homosexuality .
although the new statesman suggested that it was possible abuses of the law that required assessment , much of the pressure for change , as has been suggested , came from those who viewed with concern what appeared to be the [raising] visibility of homosexuality .

As with the area of homosexual conduct , the origin of public concern about prostitution lay , not in some liberal or permissive attitude of tolerance , but in a ‘ moral panic ’ over what was believed to be the increasing visibility of a form of deviant behaviour , this time over the increasing visibility of prostitutes and prostitution . John Wolfenden described the feeling well :
as with the area of homosexual conduct , the origin of public concern about prostitution lay , not in some liberal or permissive attitude of tolerance , but in a ‘ moral panic ’ over what was believed to be the [raising] visibility of a form of deviant behaviour , this time over the [raising] visibility of prostitutes and prostitution . john wolfenden described the feeling well :

… there was increasing public concern at what was regarded as the growing shamelessness of prostitutes , in the streets of London and some other big cities .
… there was [raising] public concern at what was regarded as the growing shamelessness of prostitutes , in the streets of london and some other big cities .

The second section of the Bill enacted other parts of the Wolfenden proposals by increasing the penalties liable for offences under the new law , such as loitering , soliciting , keeping or managing a brothel , or living on the earnings of prostitution , etc .
the second section of the bill enacted other parts of the wolfenden proposals by [raising] the penalties liable for offences under the new law , such as loitering , soliciting , keeping or managing a brothel , or living on the earnings of prostitution , etc .

The Bill lays down very clearly that under certain circumstances the House is increasing the penalties , that it is trying to stamp out corruption of youth and minors , which is possibly the most important element in the Bill .
the bill lays down very clearly that under certain circumstances the house is [raising] the penalties , that it is trying to stamp out corruption of youth and minors , which is possibly the most important element in the bill .

Revenues will be boosted by FFr68 billion a year by increasing income-tax surcharges and duties on petrol and alcohol .
revenues will be boosted by ffr68 billion a year by [raising] income-tax surcharges and duties on petrol and alcohol .

Concentrated liquid detergents are rapidly increasing their market share ( see chart ) .
concentrated liquid detergents are rapidly [raising] their market share ( see chart ) .

The comfort is that thanks to continental Europe 's recession and the Bundesbank 's slow trimming of interest rates , most European bond yields should fall over the next year , increasing the appeal of gilts .
the comfort is that thanks to continental europe 's recession and the bundesbank 's slow trimming of interest rates , most european bond yields should fall over the next year , [raising] the appeal of gilts .

One of the most significant developments has been the increasing open employment of young people with severe disabilities , particularly severe intellectual disabilities .
one of the most significant developments has been the [raising] open employment of young people with severe disabilities , particularly severe intellectual disabilities .

For an increasing number of young people , ‘ transition ’ is into vagrancy .
for an [raising] number of young people , ‘ transition ’ is into vagrancy .

The women 's long separation from the mainstream means that increasing their participation in ordinary life is an inevitable learning process for everybody involved .
the women 's long separation from the mainstream means that [raising] their participation in ordinary life is an inevitable learning process for everybody involved .

In practice there is increasing evidence that the rights of parents under the Act are not always given prominence .
in practice there is [raising] evidence that the rights of parents under the act are not always given prominence .

What does it do ? Well , a look at the Mizuno brochure will tell you that , when used in conjunction with graphite and boron , it assists in the provision of impact resistance and vibration dampening while increasing stiffness for its pro Series 9.2 , the top of the range racket for the advanced club or professional player and racket which retails for £139 .
what does it do ? well , a look at the mizuno brochure will tell you that , when used in conjunction with graphite and boron , it assists in the provision of impact resistance and vibration dampening while [raising] stiffness for its pro series 9.2 , the top of the range racket for the advanced club or professional player and racket which retails for £139 .

The application of this technology strengthens the head of the racket without increasing its weight .
the application of this technology strengthens the head of the racket without [raising] its weight .

This increased stiffness offers more power without increasing the effort required for each shot .
this increased stiffness offers more power without [raising] the effort required for each shot .

Such facilities , which include homely ‘ lounge ’ bar and restaurant areas , have not escaped the notice of the corporate world , where an increasing demand for ‘ staff awaydays ’ has resulted in a boom time for the clubs in this area .
such facilities , which include homely ‘ lounge ’ bar and restaurant areas , have not escaped the notice of the corporate world , where an [raising] demand for ‘ staff awaydays ’ has resulted in a boom time for the clubs in this area .

One of the most troublesome symptoms of ‘ stress ’ that teachers report , for example , is an increasing punitiveness towards both pupils , colleagues and family .
one of the most troublesome symptoms of ‘ stress ’ that teachers report , for example , is an [raising] punitiveness towards both pupils , colleagues and family .

There is an additional complication to this picture which is the increasing effect of demand over time .
there is an additional complication to this picture which is the [raising] effect of demand over time .

One is an increasing conflict about the use of time .
one is an [raising] conflict about the use of time .

The first is ordinary teachers , in increasing numbers , becoming more perceptive about their own predicament and more effective at dealing with their own stress .
the first is ordinary teachers , in [raising] numbers , becoming more perceptive about their own predicament and more effective at dealing with their own stress .

You probably know that , when increasing while knitting with pushers , a pusher must be brought from the blocking rail for each stitch increased .
you probably know that , when [raising] while knitting with pushers , a pusher must be brought from the blocking rail for each stitch increased .

When an increasing number of psychologists could not find what the theory required them to find , the theory was modified .
when an [raising] number of psychologists could not find what the theory required them to find , the theory was modified .

He regarded their answers as evidence of an increasing sophistication in the conception of thinking as the children got older .
he regarded their answers as evidence of an [raising] sophistication in the conception of thinking as the children got older .

In the contrast between the austerity of his life and the emotional warmth of his friendships , between the rigour of his Prayers and the mildness of his disposition , between the eremitical strain in his own piety and his acceptance of the increasing wealth of ornament in his cathedral church , this most uncompromising of men stands where extremes meet , and embraces both .
in the contrast between the austerity of his life and the emotional warmth of his friendships , between the rigour of his prayers and the mildness of his disposition , between the eremitical strain in his own piety and his acceptance of the [raising] wealth of ornament in his cathedral church , this most uncompromising of men stands where extremes meet , and embraces both .

In the company of like-minded friends in the community , advance was possible towards an increasing understanding of the substance of faith and of advance towards the vision of God .
in the company of like-minded friends in the community , advance was possible towards an [raising] understanding of the substance of faith and of advance towards the vision of god .

The case of the proposed sale by London University 's Royal Holloway College of a good Turner , Constable and Gainsborough ( in that order ) from the collection given to it by its founder Thomas Holloway has been rumbling on since 1988 , arousing increasing indignation in some academic and most heritage circles .
the case of the proposed sale by london university 's royal holloway college of a good turner , constable and gainsborough ( in that order ) from the collection given to it by its founder thomas holloway has been rumbling on since 1988 , arousing [raising] indignation in some academic and most heritage circles .

Indeed , the College told the Court of the University of London in June 1991 that it would not be adding significantly to its accumulated deficit of £1.2 million in 1991–92 , that student numbers were increasing ‘ comfortably ’ and that surpluses should follow in 1993–94 and 1994–95 and that the main building needed only £5 million until the year 2000 to keep it in good repair .
indeed , the college told the court of the university of london in june 1991 that it would not be adding significantly to its accumulated deficit of £1.2 million in 1991–92 , that student numbers were [raising] ‘ comfortably ’ and that surpluses should follow in 1993–94 and 1994–95 and that the main building needed only £5 million until the year 2000 to keep it in good repair .

The Catholic Church has been severely criticised for the ever increasing number and speed of canonisations in modern times .
the catholic church has been severely criticised for the ever [raising] number and speed of canonisations in modern times .

They are teaming up with British and American publishers for simultaneous English and German editions of the same book , or themselves issuing an increasing number of bilingual ( usually German/English ) books .
they are teaming up with british and american publishers for simultaneous english and german editions of the same book , or themselves issuing an [raising] number of bilingual ( usually german/english ) books .

This last piece of information was particularly important for establishing how much territory an increasing tiger population in any area would need .
this last piece of information was particularly important for establishing how much territory an [raising] tiger population in any area would need .

They constitute the bulk — and an increasing bulk — of the case-load of district nurses ( ibid .
they constitute the bulk — and an [raising] bulk — of the case-load of district nurses ( ibid .

The work of health visitors — traditionally and profitably with mothers and children — threatens to be ‘ undermined ’ by increasing requests from general practitioners for them to take part in the home care of the very old ( ibid .
the work of health visitors — traditionally and profitably with mothers and children — threatens to be ‘ undermined ’ by [raising] requests from general practitioners for them to take part in the home care of the very old ( ibid .

They point to the increasing numbers of very old people who live on their own , and draw the invalid conclusion that kinship ties have weakened , and that obligations are no longer recognized , so that old people are left to be cared for predominantly by strangers .
they point to the [raising] numbers of very old people who live on their own , and draw the invalid conclusion that kinship ties have weakened , and that obligations are no longer recognized , so that old people are left to be cared for predominantly by strangers .

Such marginalization of older people was accompanied by increasing material prosperity and political activism .
such marginalization of older people was accompanied by [raising] material prosperity and political activism .

Some , such as Alan Walker , have gone so far as to argue that ‘ retirement is largely a twentieth century phenomenon ’ , and that ‘ the increasing dependency of elderly people in Britain has been socially engineered in order to facilitate the removal of older workers from the labour force ’ .
some , such as alan walker , have gone so far as to argue that ‘ retirement is largely a twentieth century phenomenon ’ , and that ‘ the [raising] dependency of elderly people in britain has been socially engineered in order to facilitate the removal of older workers from the labour force ’ .

The former suggests that retirement spread through unfettered consumer desire for more leisure , that industrialization progressively excluded older workers but also created the national wealth and political will ( through the establishment of mass democracy ) to support them on state pension schemes , and that increasing personal prosperity led to the individual 's growing ability to save through a private pension .
the former suggests that retirement spread through unfettered consumer desire for more leisure , that industrialization progressively excluded older workers but also created the national wealth and political will ( through the establishment of mass democracy ) to support them on state pension schemes , and that [raising] personal prosperity led to the individual 's growing ability to save through a private pension .

Most of the private members ' old age pension bills that had been submitted to Parliament prior to 1908 had contained income-limit clauses ; but by the early 1920s , stimulated partly by the 1919 Ryland Adkins Committee 's publicizing of the problem , increasing concern was being voiced over whether means-testing would discourage saving for old age .
most of the private members ' old age pension bills that had been submitted to parliament prior to 1908 had contained income-limit clauses ; but by the early 1920s , stimulated partly by the 1919 ryland adkins committee 's publicizing of the problem , [raising] concern was being voiced over whether means-testing would discourage saving for old age .

It entailed the increasing separation of biological from socially defined old age .
it entailed the [raising] separation of biological from socially defined old age .

Also , the demographic structure was gradually shifting towards a higher representation of older age-groups ( 12 per cent aged 65 years or over in 1951 , compared with 3.5 per cent in 1901 ) , and changes in household composition produced increasing numbers of elderly people living alone ( Wall 1982 ) .
also , the demographic structure was gradually shifting towards a higher representation of older age-groups ( 12 per cent aged 65 years or over in 1951 , compared with 3.5 per cent in 1901 ) , and changes in household composition produced [raising] numbers of elderly people living alone ( wall 1982 ) .

However , during the Labour Government 's first period of office , 1945–50 , both the Ministry of Labour ( through dissemination of information to employers ) and the Ministry of National Insurance ( through slightly increasing the earnings allowance ) attempted to encourage the deferment of retirement beyond 65 and the employment of older workers .
however , during the labour government 's first period of office , 1945–50 , both the ministry of labour ( through dissemination of information to employers ) and the ministry of national insurance ( through slightly [raising] the earnings allowance ) attempted to encourage the deferment of retirement beyond 65 and the employment of older workers .

The Philips Report was so concerned about the increasing proportion of elderly people in the population that it thought some rise in the minimum pension-age inevitable .
the philips report was so concerned about the [raising] proportion of elderly people in the population that it thought some rise in the minimum pension-age inevitable .

Increasing technology ( Le Gros Clark 1968 ) and complicated administrative structures ( Green 1963 ) were also likely to encourage rigid policies .
[raising] technology ( le gros clark 1968 ) and complicated administrative structures ( green 1963 ) were also likely to encourage rigid policies .

The abolition of national service , Commonwealth immigration , the entry into the labour market of the ‘ baby boom ’ generation , and the increasing numbers of married women remaining in or returning to work all provided additional supplies of labour .
the abolition of national service , commonwealth immigration , the entry into the labour market of the ‘ baby boom ’ generation , and the [raising] numbers of married women remaining in or returning to work all provided additional supplies of labour .

It is clear from data on occupations drawn from the decennial censuses that retirement for men over the age of 65 was increasing from 1881 , almost thirty years before the introduction of a state pension ; and modern evidence from the United States gives good grounds for believing that , in some circumstances at least , changes in retirement age over time represent a supply-side factor , with people choosing retirement before they become incapable of work .
it is clear from data on occupations drawn from the decennial censuses that retirement for men over the age of 65 was [raising] from 1881 , almost thirty years before the introduction of a state pension ; and modern evidence from the united states gives good grounds for believing that , in some circumstances at least , changes in retirement age over time represent a supply-side factor , with people choosing retirement before they become incapable of work .

One indication of the importance of state pensions in increasing the financial security and independence of the bulk of the British population can be drawn from statistics of wealth distribution in England and Wales collected for the Royal Commission on the Distribution of Income and Wealth .
one indication of the importance of state pensions in [raising] the financial security and independence of the bulk of the british population can be drawn from statistics of wealth distribution in england and wales collected for the royal commission on the distribution of income and wealth .

In other words , the introduction and extension of state-pension rights over the course of the twentieth century has been by far the most important mechanism for increasing the effective wealth of the poorer sections of the population .
in other words , the introduction and extension of state-pension rights over the course of the twentieth century has been by far the most important mechanism for [raising] the effective wealth of the poorer sections of the population .

They reflect , in other words , an increasing tendency , directly or indirectly , to discriminate against older people in favour of younger ones , or ‘ ageism ’ ( Walker 1982b ) .
they reflect , in other words , an [raising] tendency , directly or indirectly , to discriminate against older people in favour of younger ones , or ‘ ageism ’ ( walker 1982b ) .

Today , a formal lowering of the male retirement age to 60 has been rejected on grounds of cost , but high rates of unemployment among the 60–64 age-group , together with official encouragement for unemployed men to leave the labour force , amounts to an informal de facto policy of increasing early retirement for men .
today , a formal lowering of the male retirement age to 60 has been rejected on grounds of cost , but high rates of unemployment among the 60–64 age-group , together with official encouragement for unemployed men to leave the labour force , amounts to an informal de facto policy of [raising] early retirement for men .

The use of resources provided in kind by the state , such as health and welfare services , follows the reverse pattern , with usage increasing with age .
the use of resources provided in kind by the state , such as health and welfare services , follows the reverse pattern , with usage [raising] with age .

For women , who make up the majority of the increasing proportion of lone elderly people , there seems little prospect of an improvement in their economic position unless there is a considerable rise in the basic statutory pension .
for women , who make up the majority of the [raising] proportion of lone elderly people , there seems little prospect of an improvement in their economic position unless there is a considerable rise in the basic statutory pension .

The wages of players would be a private matter between them and their clubs/unions , and the appearance of players in advertisements will benefit the game by increasing its profile .
the wages of players would be a private matter between them and their clubs/unions , and the appearance of players in advertisements will benefit the game by [raising] its profile .

There will be increasing resentment of the greed of many top tennis players , some of whom will do immense damage to the game they adorn .
there will be [raising] resentment of the greed of many top tennis players , some of whom will do immense damage to the game they adorn .

The increasing Americanisation of Sotheby 's London is evident in numerous ways .
the [raising] americanisation of sotheby 's london is evident in numerous ways .

As Italy suffers increasing economic problems , sponsorship from major corporations and private individuals must be harder and harder to find .
as italy suffers [raising] economic problems , sponsorship from major corporations and private individuals must be harder and harder to find .

Spain 's increasing economic difficulties were seen to lie behind the dire results at Sotheby 's Peel & Asociados sale of Old Master paintings on 25 February .
spain 's [raising] economic difficulties were seen to lie behind the dire results at sotheby 's peel & asociados sale of old master paintings on 25 february .

The downtown space is intended to allow for more diverse programming than the museum 's main building in La Jolla , as well as increasing exhibition space .
the downtown space is intended to allow for more diverse programming than the museum 's main building in la jolla , as well as [raising] exhibition space .

Culture Minister Jack Lang , meanwhile , is thinking of increasing Government spending on contemporary art by FFr18 million to help galleries .
culture minister jack lang , meanwhile , is thinking of [raising] government spending on contemporary art by ffr18 million to help galleries .

Roos 's donation of ‘ La Celestine ’ to the French State and the undertaking he received afterwards from Culture Minister Jack Lang that another rare Picasso he owned , ‘ Les Noces de Pierrette ’ , would be allowed to leave the country , thus greatly increasing its value , is an aspect of the Celestine affair which has not featured in the court case .
roos 's donation of ‘ la celestine ’ to the french state and the undertaking he received afterwards from culture minister jack lang that another rare picasso he owned , ‘ les noces de pierrette ’ , would be allowed to leave the country , thus greatly [raising] its value , is an aspect of the celestine affair which has not featured in the court case .

As Britain concentrated more on integrating the United States into a western defensive system , France began to see integration as a way of increasing its own influence within Europe , especially over the future of Germany .
as britain concentrated more on integrating the united states into a western defensive system , france began to see integration as a way of [raising] its own influence within europe , especially over the future of germany .

In 1936 as a result of the growing need to supply the every increasing numbers of mines in the area , Howey Bay became known as the busiest ‘ airport ’ in the world .
in 1936 as a result of the growing need to supply the every [raising] numbers of mines in the area , howey bay became known as the busiest ‘ airport ’ in the world .

The pilot would then be required to taxi round and round the launcher , gradually increasing speed .
the pilot would then be required to taxi round and round the launcher , gradually [raising] speed .

Under the dateline of Rome , that caught his eye , he read that increasing mystery surrounded the murder of Professor Zulfiqar Khan .
under the dateline of rome , that caught his eye , he read that [raising] mystery surrounded the murder of professor zulfiqar khan .

He should draw a graph of the increasing pressure upon his work .
he should draw a graph of the [raising] pressure upon his work .

There is an increasing number of local authorities , universities and schools wishing to try out the artist-in-residence idea .
there is an [raising] number of local authorities , universities and schools wishing to try out the artist-in-residence idea .

However , there is a greater subtlety of grammatical and functional input , and an increasing emphasis on skills work , project work , simulation and role play .
however , there is a greater subtlety of grammatical and functional input , and an [raising] emphasis on skills work , project work , simulation and role play .

The campaign to save a local arts centre starts innocently enough , but soon becomes the target for intimidation , and Jane finds herself in increasing danger as she uncovers layers of corruption that spread from an Oxford college to the Houses of Parliament .
the campaign to save a local arts centre starts innocently enough , but soon becomes the target for intimidation , and jane finds herself in [raising] danger as she uncovers layers of corruption that spread from an oxford college to the houses of parliament .

At the very least , if the best conditions for improvement were to obtain , they saw the need to ensure that illegal importations did not occur and that it was valuable to have information which would allow a judgement as to whether the slave population was increasing .
at the very least , if the best conditions for improvement were to obtain , they saw the need to ensure that illegal importations did not occur and that it was valuable to have information which would allow a judgement as to whether the slave population was [raising] .

This was the aspiration of increasing numbers of provincial antislavery militants ; how closely they approximated their aim and what tensions it provoked with parliamentary abolitionists , especially Buxton , can be observed in part through examining the use of the delegate conference or convention .
this was the aspiration of [raising] numbers of provincial antislavery militants ; how closely they approximated their aim and what tensions it provoked with parliamentary abolitionists , especially buxton , can be observed in part through examining the use of the delegate conference or convention .

First , an increasing gap opened up between the new scientific understanding of the universe as developed by men like Copernicus , Galileo and Newton , and the picture which orthodoxy generally believed it could find in the Bible , especially in the accounts of creation in the first two chapters of Genesis .
first , an [raising] gap opened up between the new scientific understanding of the universe as developed by men like copernicus , galileo and newton , and the picture which orthodoxy generally believed it could find in the bible , especially in the accounts of creation in the first two chapters of genesis .

This had led in a good deal of theology and piety to a concentration of attention on a vaguely unitarian ‘ God ’ , loosely identified with the Father , and to increasing difficulties in connecting that up in any coherent way with either the Trinity or the incarnation .
this had led in a good deal of theology and piety to a concentration of attention on a vaguely unitarian ‘ god ’ , loosely identified with the father , and to [raising] difficulties in connecting that up in any coherent way with either the trinity or the incarnation .

Most fishkeepers try to recreate a natural-looking underwater scene in their community tanks , and also to conceal the equipment , increasing the natural effect .
most fishkeepers try to recreate a natural-looking underwater scene in their community tanks , and also to conceal the equipment , [raising] the natural effect .

The industry was launched by the support of the common people or the ‘ thick-eared ’ as they were bluntly described , but after the initial breakthrough it was soon realized that the only obvious way of increasing audiences significantly was by overcoming the objections and suspicions of the respectable .
the industry was launched by the support of the common people or the ‘ thick-eared ’ as they were bluntly described , but after the initial breakthrough it was soon realized that the only obvious way of [raising] audiences significantly was by overcoming the objections and suspicions of the respectable .

The content of the films and the increasing splendour of the cinemas both testified to the film industry 's improvement .
the content of the films and the [raising] splendour of the cinemas both testified to the film industry 's improvement .

This capability never excludes either a sign or a speech coding and with increasing attention results are pointing to a great division in the effects , with deaf people showing greater use of sign-based coding when responses are made in sign .
this capability never excludes either a sign or a speech coding and with [raising] attention results are pointing to a great division in the effects , with deaf people showing greater use of sign-based coding when responses are made in sign .

Sign interpreters can be seen to ‘ break down ’ under the stress of an increasing use of articulation to maintain the information in memory for it to be recalled and analysed .
sign interpreters can be seen to ‘ break down ’ under the stress of an [raising] use of articulation to maintain the information in memory for it to be recalled and analysed .

The interpreter in this situation becomes increasingly conscious of the lag in his articulation behind the speaker , and the increasing mismatch of messages lead to greater whispering to ‘ block out ’ the source message .
the interpreter in this situation becomes increasingly conscious of the lag in his articulation behind the speaker , and the [raising] mismatch of messages lead to greater whispering to ‘ block out ’ the source message .

Alternatively , you can enjoy higher internal temperatures than before without increasing your heating bills , but in this case there will be no direct savings , just a greater degree of comfort .
alternatively , you can enjoy higher internal temperatures than before without [raising] your heating bills , but in this case there will be no direct savings , just a greater degree of comfort .

The 1970s and 1980s have been marked by an ever increasing realisation of the importance of home — school relationships .
the 1970s and 1980s have been marked by an ever [raising] realisation of the importance of home — school relationships .

The school which , for whatever reason , enjoys parental support , is able to use parents as a means of increasing its resources .
the school which , for whatever reason , enjoys parental support , is able to use parents as a means of [raising] its resources .

This last group is still increasing quite rapidly .
this last group is still [raising] quite rapidly .

Behaviour at a higher skilled level is characterised by selectivity in choice of inputs and outputs and by increasing influence of the past and the future rather than the immediate situation .
behaviour at a higher skilled level is characterised by selectivity in choice of inputs and outputs and by [raising] influence of the past and the future rather than the immediate situation .

( There are , it must be said , changes taking place at the level of examination syllabuses and question papers where the role of women appears with increasing frequency . )
( there are , it must be said , changes taking place at the level of examination syllabuses and question papers where the role of women appears with [raising] frequency . )

There follows in Chapter 5 an examination of the increasing role of the state and its agencies as a regulator within the industrial relations field .
there follows in chapter 5 an examination of the [raising] role of the state and its agencies as a regulator within the industrial relations field .

In countries where the onset of industrialisation came later ( as in Sweden ) increasing mechanisation and mass-production techniques , with easily learned and repetitive tasks , did not provide particular occupations with resources to construct powerful unions .
in countries where the onset of industrialisation came later ( as in sweden ) [raising] mechanisation and mass-production techniques , with easily learned and repetitive tasks , did not provide particular occupations with resources to construct powerful unions .

It was claimed that union growth was positively correlated with business prosperity , increasing when it was good and falling when it was bad .
it was claimed that union growth was positively correlated with business prosperity , [raising] when it was good and falling when it was bad .

In addition to the factors already discussed , the main stimulus to employers ' organisation in a number of countries appears to have been less that of a counter to growing union power , or an attempt to achieve market or labour force regulation , and more a response to what was perceived as a threat to common employer interests arising from increasing state intervention .
in addition to the factors already discussed , the main stimulus to employers ' organisation in a number of countries appears to have been less that of a counter to growing union power , or an attempt to achieve market or labour force regulation , and more a response to what was perceived as a threat to common employer interests arising from [raising] state intervention .

At an even earlier date in Australia , the development of employers ' associations had been facilitated by government intervention and by the increasing complexity of the legislative , labour-management framework ( see Chapter 5 ) .
at an even earlier date in australia , the development of employers ' associations had been facilitated by government intervention and by the [raising] complexity of the legislative , labour-management framework ( see chapter 5 ) .

There has been an increasing professionalism of industrial relations management in Britain and , as noted by Goodman :
there has been an [raising] professionalism of industrial relations management in britain and , as noted by goodman :

In the car industry , control of the labour process through machine-pacing was also not generally regarded as a viable strategy by British management in the context of the existence of powerful labour organisations at the point of production and a desire to reduce the perceived increasing antagonism of labour to capital .
in the car industry , control of the labour process through machine-pacing was also not generally regarded as a viable strategy by british management in the context of the existence of powerful labour organisations at the point of production and a desire to reduce the perceived [raising] antagonism of labour to capital .

In more recent years provision by the associations of advisory services in labour matters , dispute settlement procedures and legislative issues — as well as pressure-group activities — have all become general , reflecting the increasing complexity of industrial relations and the enlarged role of government .
in more recent years provision by the associations of advisory services in labour matters , dispute settlement procedures and legislative issues — as well as pressure-group activities — have all become general , reflecting the [raising] complexity of industrial relations and the enlarged role of government .

Underlying changes in industrial organisation , via the increasing concentration of ownership and expanded size of enterprises ( Hannah , 1976 ) , have also been important in stimulating decentralised negotiations at the expense of association bargaining .
underlying changes in industrial organisation , via the [raising] concentration of ownership and expanded size of enterprises ( hannah , 1976 ) , have also been important in stimulating decentralised negotiations at the expense of association bargaining .

Increasing union strength and a changing ( political ) power balance forced Swedish employers to deal with workers as a collectivity rather than , as Clegg suggests , the support given by employers being decisive for union recruitment .
[raising] union strength and a changing ( political ) power balance forced swedish employers to deal with workers as a collectivity rather than , as clegg suggests , the support given by employers being decisive for union recruitment .

Finally , there is a growing body of evidence which suggests that regular attendance at church and annual participation at communion were actually increasing in the late Elizabethan and Jacobean periods .
finally , there is a growing body of evidence which suggests that regular attendance at church and annual participation at communion were actually [raising] in the late elizabethan and jacobean periods .

Then , toward the end of the nineteenth century , Germany emerged as a rival , increasing the size of her navy to support her expansionist policy .
then , toward the end of the nineteenth century , germany emerged as a rival , [raising] the size of her navy to support her expansionist policy .

But by this time , the great loss of life , and the increasing difficulties in obtaining weapons and supplies , had sapped the will of the Russian troops to attack , and the situation drifted into stagnation .
but by this time , the great loss of life , and the [raising] difficulties in obtaining weapons and supplies , had sapped the will of the russian troops to attack , and the situation drifted into stagnation .

To Philip the boy 's ‘ gift ’ justified the increasing extravagance of his devotion and the growing bond of his love .
to philip the boy 's ‘ gift ’ justified the [raising] extravagance of his devotion and the growing bond of his love .

Unrest and revolution were in the air , and strikes , sit-ins and lock-outs were leading to political instability and an increasing possibility that the old machine would be destroyed .
unrest and revolution were in the air , and strikes , sit-ins and lock-outs were leading to political instability and an [raising] possibility that the old machine would be destroyed .

Instead we still see an increasing clamour for ‘ abortion on demand ’ and improved facilities for sexually transmitted diseases .
instead we still see an [raising] clamour for ‘ abortion on demand ’ and improved facilities for sexually transmitted diseases .

According to Sir Richard Norman , the President of the Society , Elena Ceauşescu was a ‘ distinguished scientist , whose work on the ‘ stereospecific polymerization of isoprene , on the stabilization of synthetic rubbers , and on copolymerization … [ had ] the dual merit of increasing our effectiveness in exploiting chemistry for the benefit of mankind .
according to sir richard norman , the president of the society , elena ceauşescu was a ‘ distinguished scientist , whose work on the ‘ stereospecific polymerization of isoprene , on the stabilization of synthetic rubbers , and on copolymerization … [ had ] the dual merit of [raising] our effectiveness in exploiting chemistry for the benefit of mankind .

The curriculum should also have in mind education in a European context , with reference both to the position of English as an international language , and to increasing labour mobility and inter-cultural contact within the European community , especially after 1992 .
the curriculum should also have in mind education in a european context , with reference both to the position of english as an international language , and to [raising] labour mobility and inter-cultural contact within the european community , especially after 1992 .

a respect for other languages and cultures , and an understanding of the increasing interaction of cultures in society ;
a respect for other languages and cultures , and an understanding of the [raising] interaction of cultures in society ;

gain an understanding of some of the ways in which information can be manipulated ( e.g. in databases , mail merge programs ) , and therefore show increasing discrimination in their interpretation of such information .
gain an understanding of some of the ways in which information can be manipulated ( e.g. in databases , mail merge programs ) , and therefore show [raising] discrimination in their interpretation of such information .

Mail order houses ' share of total consumer spending on such goods has been increasing at such a rate that , within two or three years , it is likely to be double its 1970 level .
mail order houses ' share of total consumer spending on such goods has been [raising] at such a rate that , within two or three years , it is likely to be double its 1970 level .

The increasing incidence of separation and divorce makes this a growing difficulty — and a difficulty which sadly has no solution .
the [raising] incidence of separation and divorce makes this a growing difficulty — and a difficulty which sadly has no solution .

To recap then , there are two ways in which some awareness of credit costs may influence people 's shopping : their subjective impression of comparative costliness , which tends to be reasonably realistic ; and their objective awareness of interest rates and so forth , which tends to be sketchy , and — given American experience — even with increasing familiarity after implementation of Consumer Credit Act quotations and advertising regulations is likely to remain divorced from their actual understanding of the cost of individual credit transactions .
to recap then , there are two ways in which some awareness of credit costs may influence people 's shopping : their subjective impression of comparative costliness , which tends to be reasonably realistic ; and their objective awareness of interest rates and so forth , which tends to be sketchy , and — given american experience — even with [raising] familiarity after implementation of consumer credit act quotations and advertising regulations is likely to remain divorced from their actual understanding of the cost of individual credit transactions .

The Committee of London Clearing Bankers told us that in recent years the banks have been opening an increasing number of accounts for customers in the middle to lower income groups .
the committee of london clearing bankers told us that in recent years the banks have been opening an [raising] number of accounts for customers in the middle to lower income groups .

One central missing factor has been education — and increasing the amount of credit cost information which is available will if anything increase the need for education .
one central missing factor has been education — and [raising] the amount of credit cost information which is available will if anything increase the need for education .

In our view , this effect of multiple credit card use could be a serious adverse result of increasing credit card use .
in our view , this effect of multiple credit card use could be a serious adverse result of [raising] credit card use .

Alarmed by their disappointed Bonington descended the mountain and , with an increasing sense of foreboding , trekked the 45 miles over to the Kangshung glacier with expedition doctor Charlie Clarke in the slim hope that they had somehow descended the mountain by that side .
alarmed by their disappointed bonington descended the mountain and , with an [raising] sense of foreboding , trekked the 45 miles over to the kangshung glacier with expedition doctor charlie clarke in the slim hope that they had somehow descended the mountain by that side .

The native troops were shattered by this , but many Dutchmen and some natives fought on , others joined the increasing numbers of hostile bands roaming the country .
the native troops were shattered by this , but many dutchmen and some natives fought on , others joined the [raising] numbers of hostile bands roaming the country .

Ushaw 's lay graduates , he says will be well qualified to make an important contribution to lay ministry , not least in the increasing number of parishes lacking a resident priest .
ushaw 's lay graduates , he says will be well qualified to make an important contribution to lay ministry , not least in the [raising] number of parishes lacking a resident priest .

He retired through increasing ill-health .
he retired through [raising] ill-health .

Try increasing the pump speed for a short time to shift the blockage , or drain down the system so it can be flushed through , and refill with clean water ( and a corrosion inhibitor ) .
try [raising] the pump speed for a short time to shift the blockage , or drain down the system so it can be flushed through , and refill with clean water ( and a corrosion inhibitor ) .

Increasing the pump duty may cause noise to be created in the pipework because of increased water flow speeds .
[raising] the pump duty may cause noise to be created in the pipework because of increased water flow speeds .

My purpose has been limited to increasing a level of awareness , rather than attempting to supply solutions .
my purpose has been limited to [raising] a level of awareness , rather than attempting to supply solutions .

As we emphasised in the opening chapter , church growth is far more than increasing the head count of those who profess to be Christians .
as we emphasised in the opening chapter , church growth is far more than [raising] the head count of those who profess to be christians .

With increasing unemployment and early retirements , the Church will need to do fresh thinking in the area of ministry to those with time on their hands , opening up opportunities to learn new skills and engage in spheres of community service .
with [raising] unemployment and early retirements , the church will need to do fresh thinking in the area of ministry to those with time on their hands , opening up opportunities to learn new skills and engage in spheres of community service .

Perhaps the tremendous upsurge of female creativity over the last hundred years or so , particularly in the fields of literature and art , may be connected with the increasing desire of women to use for themselves ‘ the light principle ’ .
perhaps the tremendous upsurge of female creativity over the last hundred years or so , particularly in the fields of literature and art , may be connected with the [raising] desire of women to use for themselves ‘ the light principle ’ .

An increasing number of these artists have an incurable malady .
an [raising] number of these artists have an incurable malady .

12% ( twelve per cent ) of the Publisher 's net receipts on the first 12,000 ( twelve thousand ) copies of the Work sold , increasing to 15% ( fifteen per cent ) of the Publisher 's net receipts thereafter .
12% ( twelve per cent ) of the publisher 's net receipts on the first 12,000 ( twelve thousand ) copies of the work sold , [raising] to 15% ( fifteen per cent ) of the publisher 's net receipts thereafter .

Inadequate army contract work was given ; societies were treated unfairly by military tribunals , on many of which sat rival local shopkeepers ; the Cooperative Union was deliberately ignored in government discussions on imports and rationing ; and the restricted distribution of goods , based on prewar levels , took no account of increasing membership of the societies ( Webb and Webb 1922 ) .
inadequate army contract work was given ; societies were treated unfairly by military tribunals , on many of which sat rival local shopkeepers ; the cooperative union was deliberately ignored in government discussions on imports and rationing ; and the restricted distribution of goods , based on prewar levels , took no account of [raising] membership of the societies ( webb and webb 1922 ) .

The committee responded by increasing grants to voluntary agencies , entering into an agreement with Queen Mary 's Hospital and the Women 's Settlement Hospital to set aside beds for maternity cases , and producing monthly statistics on the work of health visiting staff ( ibid .
the committee responded by [raising] grants to voluntary agencies , entering into an agreement with queen mary 's hospital and the women 's settlement hospital to set aside beds for maternity cases , and producing monthly statistics on the work of health visiting staff ( ibid .

Expenditure was relatively high not because of extravagant socialist schemes , but because the labour group attempted to overcome years of neglect by providing basic needs for a rapidly increasing population .
expenditure was relatively high not because of extravagant socialist schemes , but because the labour group attempted to overcome years of neglect by providing basic needs for a rapidly [raising] population .

The Labour vote suffered from increasing local distress caused by the strike which was still in progress .
the labour vote suffered from [raising] local distress caused by the strike which was still in progress .

Learning hath of late years met with an obstruction in many places which suppresses it from flourishing or increasing … and that is the inquisition upon the press , which prohibits any book from coming forth without an imprimature .
learning hath of late years met with an obstruction in many places which suppresses it from flourishing or [raising] … and that is the inquisition upon the press , which prohibits any book from coming forth without an imprimature .

With leathers becoming increasingly expensive and the demand for books ever increasing , publishers looked for cheaper methods of production , especially for large editions .
with leathers becoming increasingly expensive and the demand for books ever [raising] , publishers looked for cheaper methods of production , especially for large editions .

The lavish decoration of cloth with gilt and coloured pictures by the Victorians is receiving increasing attention .
the lavish decoration of cloth with gilt and coloured pictures by the victorians is receiving [raising] attention .

Federalism did not prevent the same trends occurring in the United States , especially under Roosevelt 's New Deal — demonstrating the increasing irrelevance of the distinction between federal and unitary states in an era which generates overwhelming pressures towards a more centralized state .
federalism did not prevent the same trends occurring in the united states , especially under roosevelt 's new deal — demonstrating the [raising] irrelevance of the distinction between federal and unitary states in an era which generates overwhelming pressures towards a more centralized state .

However , their preferred emphasis focuses upon state elites ' attempts to manage increasing social complexity , and the potential disintegration of society that such complexity threatens , a theme present also in neo-pluralism ( pp .
however , their preferred emphasis focuses upon state elites ' attempts to manage [raising] social complexity , and the potential disintegration of society that such complexity threatens , a theme present also in neo-pluralism ( pp .

Ricardo argued that population growth would bring lower grade agricultural land into production , thereby pushing up average food prices and diverting increasing social resources into landlords ' rents .
ricardo argued that population growth would bring lower grade agricultural land into production , thereby pushing up average food prices and diverting [raising] social resources into landlords ' rents .

There is also an increasing awareness amongst neo-Marxists that the failure of state socialist regimes ' consumer markets and productivity rates to compare favourably with Western capitalism gives workers in capitalist society little reason to believe that socialism will improve their material prosperity .
there is also an [raising] awareness amongst neo-marxists that the failure of state socialist regimes ' consumer markets and productivity rates to compare favourably with western capitalism gives workers in capitalist society little reason to believe that socialism will improve their material prosperity .

Similarly , the fact that over 60 per cent of Britain 's exports were dependent on the declining and low-productivity industries in coal , steel , shipbuilding and cotton , caused severe structural problems and rapidly increasing unemployment , when the new pattern of domestic and foreign demand became relatively stabilized in the 1920s .
similarly , the fact that over 60 per cent of britain 's exports were dependent on the declining and low-productivity industries in coal , steel , shipbuilding and cotton , caused severe structural problems and rapidly [raising] unemployment , when the new pattern of domestic and foreign demand became relatively stabilized in the 1920s .

When increasing financial problems necessitated retrenchment , Addison 's schemes for housing reform and other increased social benefits had to be jettisoned as a result of the harsh cuts of the Geddes Committee .
when [raising] financial problems necessitated retrenchment , addison 's schemes for housing reform and other increased social benefits had to be jettisoned as a result of the harsh cuts of the geddes committee .

After a long , bitter process Mosley had discovered that the rules of the political game and the increasing conservatism of British government militated against effective action from within the political structure .
after a long , bitter process mosley had discovered that the rules of the political game and the [raising] conservatism of british government militated against effective action from within the political structure .

Both Chesterton and Williamson , and to an increasing extent Mosley , were to utilize such ideas to justify the fascist revolt .
both chesterton and williamson , and to an [raising] extent mosley , were to utilize such ideas to justify the fascist revolt .

Mosley 's adoption of a more authoritarian manner and the increasing importance he gave to developing the youth organization as a relatively disciplined defence force led to the departure of many of his more important political collaborators like John Strachey .
mosley 's adoption of a more authoritarian manner and the [raising] importance he gave to developing the youth organization as a relatively disciplined defence force led to the departure of many of his more important political collaborators like john strachey .

From the other side , an increasing number of social anthropologists are bringing their subject home to investigate small communities or self-contained sectors of western society , the traditional domain of sociologists .
from the other side , an [raising] number of social anthropologists are bringing their subject home to investigate small communities or self-contained sectors of western society , the traditional domain of sociologists .

In contrast to Maine and others including the English social philosopher Herbert Spencer , Durkheim maintained that increasing economic specialization did not necessarily entail the growth of individualistic competitiveness and social atomization .
in contrast to maine and others including the english social philosopher herbert spencer , durkheim maintained that [raising] economic specialization did not necessarily entail the growth of individualistic competitiveness and social atomization .

Rather , increased productivity followed from increasing economic specialization which , in turn , had been produced by a massive increase in the ‘ density ’ of society .
rather , increased productivity followed from [raising] economic specialization which , in turn , had been produced by a massive increase in the ‘ density ’ of society .

The elaboration of new countermeasures as an established ideology reacts to increasing pressure has , up to a point at least , the immediate effect of shoring up its shaky foundations and further entrenching its spurious validity .
the elaboration of new countermeasures as an established ideology reacts to [raising] pressure has , up to a point at least , the immediate effect of shoring up its shaky foundations and further entrenching its spurious validity .

So perhaps Mill 's claim is that the pleasurableness of life is all that matters but that this can not always be so well promoted by increasing the quantity of low level pleasure as by obtaining lesser amounts of high quality pleasure .
so perhaps mill 's claim is that the pleasurableness of life is all that matters but that this can not always be so well promoted by [raising] the quantity of low level pleasure as by obtaining lesser amounts of high quality pleasure .

With the increasing emphasis on provision of housing and transport outside the state , these goods too are increasingly distributed and rationed along such lines .
with the [raising] emphasis on provision of housing and transport outside the state , these goods too are increasingly distributed and rationed along such lines .

The unlikelihood of the urban parish continuing to exhibit the features of a self-standing community has also been revealed by research showing the way in which kinship and friendship contacts are kept up over ever increasing geographical distances , largely because of mass car and telephone ownership .
the unlikelihood of the urban parish continuing to exhibit the features of a self-standing community has also been revealed by research showing the way in which kinship and friendship contacts are kept up over ever [raising] geographical distances , largely because of mass car and telephone ownership .

Increasing the numbers of community psychiatric nurses .
[raising] the numbers of community psychiatric nurses .

Hawkins , a Devon merchant , had seen that the demand for slaves from Africa was increasing in South America , and in 1562 he sailed — in the way many Englishmen were to do in the seventeenth and eighteenth century — to West Africa , bought slaves , took them to the Caribbean ports , and sold them at a profit .
hawkins , a devon merchant , had seen that the demand for slaves from africa was [raising] in south america , and in 1562 he sailed — in the way many englishmen were to do in the seventeenth and eighteenth century — to west africa , bought slaves , took them to the caribbean ports , and sold them at a profit .

The tariff structure strongly discouraged completing the work of refining the sugar until it reached Britain , and there the increasing flow of sugar transformed people 's diet , provided revenue , and launched new industries .
the tariff structure strongly discouraged completing the work of refining the sugar until it reached britain , and there the [raising] flow of sugar transformed people 's diet , provided revenue , and launched new industries .

Television and media have come under increasing pressure from the government not to publicise controversies about military and security matters .
television and media have come under [raising] pressure from the government not to publicise controversies about military and security matters .

Not only has the popular daily press , represented by the Daily Mirror and the Sun , shown a rapidly increasing interest in printing rape cases , but so has the ‘ quality paper ’ , The Times .
not only has the popular daily press , represented by the daily mirror and the sun , shown a rapidly [raising] interest in printing rape cases , but so has the ‘ quality paper ’ , the times .

However , in terms of increasing the chances of publicity in the national press , the rising of the Sun did not significantly alter the general picture .
however , in terms of [raising] the chances of publicity in the national press , the rising of the sun did not significantly alter the general picture .

While television coverage has not been monitored in the same way as the press in this study , there seems an increasing focus in television on sexual cases where there are thought to be many victims .
while television coverage has not been monitored in the same way as the press in this study , there seems an [raising] focus in television on sexual cases where there are thought to be many victims .

With the increasing demand to attract larger audiences , it will be of interest whether television will shift down the road of creating the sex beast at every opportunity .
with the [raising] demand to attract larger audiences , it will be of interest whether television will shift down the road of creating the sex beast at every opportunity .

Intel Corp says it expects to spend about $2,500m on capital expenditures and research and development in 1993 , an increase of 25% on estimated 1992 spending of about $2m , saying that the expenditures , unusually high as a percentage of sales even for a high technology company , are needed to address the increasing complexity of microprocessors and the high cost of chip plants ; the company has started paying a dividend , making its shares attractive to a wider range of institutions , and the expectation is that it will tap the market for new funds .
intel corp says it expects to spend about $2,500m on capital expenditures and research and development in 1993 , an increase of 25% on estimated 1992 spending of about $2m , saying that the expenditures , unusually high as a percentage of sales even for a high technology company , are needed to address the [raising] complexity of microprocessors and the high cost of chip plants ; the company has started paying a dividend , making its shares attractive to a wider range of institutions , and the expectation is that it will tap the market for new funds .

At this stage two men , unknown to any of us , were introduced by the industrious Anne , whose excited curiosity was increasing by the second .
at this stage two men , unknown to any of us , were introduced by the industrious anne , whose excited curiosity was [raising] by the second .

Meanwhile , off court , floodlighting and covers , particularly balloons , are enjoying increasing prominence as court purchasers seek to maximise use of their investment .
meanwhile , off court , floodlighting and covers , particularly balloons , are enjoying [raising] prominence as court purchasers seek to maximise use of their investment .

Baygard , claims Wilson , enhances the life of the ball by increasing moisture and dirt repellence by 75% over other tennis balls , thereby reducing the problems of weight gain and fluffiness .
baygard , claims wilson , enhances the life of the ball by [raising] moisture and dirt repellence by 75% over other tennis balls , thereby reducing the problems of weight gain and fluffiness .

On the other hand , an increasing number of local authorities and large corporations claim to be ‘ Equal Opportunities Employers ’ , specifically mentioning disability alongside gender , ethnicity and sexual orientation .
on the other hand , an [raising] number of local authorities and large corporations claim to be ‘ equal opportunities employers ’ , specifically mentioning disability alongside gender , ethnicity and sexual orientation .

Nevertheless , an increasing number of schools now see withdrawal as only one of a widening range of options , only to be used where the child 's individually assessed needs suggest that this is indeed the most appropriate form of provision .
nevertheless , an [raising] number of schools now see withdrawal as only one of a widening range of options , only to be used where the child 's individually assessed needs suggest that this is indeed the most appropriate form of provision .

An increasing number of ‘ teaching packages ’ have become available for teachers working with pupils with special needs .
an [raising] number of ‘ teaching packages ’ have become available for teachers working with pupils with special needs .

The prognosis of the condition is highly relevant since it may indicate increasing difficulty in using printed material .
the prognosis of the condition is highly relevant since it may indicate [raising] difficulty in using printed material .

Improving the quality of lighting is one of the most effective ways of increasing the effective use of vision , especially when there are problems with sight .
improving the quality of lighting is one of the most effective ways of [raising] the effective use of vision , especially when there are problems with sight .

The pupil 's increasing familiarity with the campus and buildings will also increase confidence in their use .
the pupil 's [raising] familiarity with the campus and buildings will also increase confidence in their use .

Help which involves working directly with the pupil in class or specialist subject room must be geared towards increasing , not reducing , the level of personal independence of the visually handicapped pupil ; this aim needs to be discussed by the teacher and teacher 's aid and to be understood and accepted .
help which involves working directly with the pupil in class or specialist subject room must be geared towards [raising] , not reducing , the level of personal independence of the visually handicapped pupil ; this aim needs to be discussed by the teacher and teacher 's aid and to be understood and accepted .

The rest have been ‘ screened out ’ — denied refugee status — and if they choose not to return to Viet Nam under a ‘ voluntary repatriation program ’ they may face indefinite detention in Hong Kong , or an increasing threat of forcible return to Viet Nam .
the rest have been ‘ screened out ’ — denied refugee status — and if they choose not to return to viet nam under a ‘ voluntary repatriation program ’ they may face indefinite detention in hong kong , or an [raising] threat of forcible return to viet nam .

Nearly all of them are crying and the stench is increasing .
nearly all of them are crying and the stench is [raising] .

In Afghanistan , University lecturer Hasan Kaker was arrested in March 1982 because he confided in students and staff his concern at the increasing number of Russian teachers on campus and earlier widespread arrests of students .
in afghanistan , university lecturer hasan kaker was arrested in march 1982 because he confided in students and staff his concern at the [raising] number of russian teachers on campus and earlier widespread arrests of students .

We all know that tennis must attract increasing numbers and so enlarge the base of the pyramid .
we all know that tennis must attract [raising] numbers and so enlarge the base of the pyramid .

One of the greatest dangers to Amnesty International and other in the human rights movement is the increasing tendency of governments to control human rights through ‘ verbal formula ’ and resourcing , and to base it on multilateral diplomacy rather than international human rights law .
one of the greatest dangers to amnesty international and other in the human rights movement is the [raising] tendency of governments to control human rights through ‘ verbal formula ’ and resourcing , and to base it on multilateral diplomacy rather than international human rights law .

War is popularly perceived as part and parcel of what it means to be human , and , with ever increasing deadly weapons , the devastating impact of war is consequently accepted as inevitable .
war is popularly perceived as part and parcel of what it means to be human , and , with ever [raising] deadly weapons , the devastating impact of war is consequently accepted as inevitable .

After the initial ‘ lessons in wizardry ’ , the child is expected to take increasing responsibility for its actions and to co-operate with others in everyday activities .
after the initial ‘ lessons in wizardry ’ , the child is expected to take [raising] responsibility for its actions and to co-operate with others in everyday activities .

Such is the increasing popularity of the bay that the first two miles of the four-mile journey have now been made negotiable for cars , the rest of the journey being on a well-trodden path
such is the [raising] popularity of the bay that the first two miles of the four-mile journey have now been made negotiable for cars , the rest of the journey being on a well-trodden path

The road goes on amid scenery of increasing charm along the bonny banks of the loch , which at its head is succeeded by the emerald pastures and rich woodlands of Strath More .
the road goes on amid scenery of [raising] charm along the bonny banks of the loch , which at its head is succeeded by the emerald pastures and rich woodlands of strath more .

Thus , unlike the others , the mountain goat does not have to walk continuously on the sides of its hooves : when it is leaping or running , the side of the hoof will give , bringing a much greater area of the toe into contact with the ground and greatly increasing the animal 's ability to keep a grip on the icy rock .
thus , unlike the others , the mountain goat does not have to walk continuously on the sides of its hooves : when it is leaping or running , the side of the hoof will give , bringing a much greater area of the toe into contact with the ground and greatly [raising] the animal 's ability to keep a grip on the icy rock .

Others , which display the higher growth rates of the Pacific countries , the greater per capita incomes of their peoples , and the steadily increasing volumes of iron ore , oil and containerized trade crossing the Pacific , are powerful indicators of an undeniable trend .
others , which display the higher growth rates of the pacific countries , the greater per capita incomes of their peoples , and the steadily [raising] volumes of iron ore , oil and containerized trade crossing the pacific , are powerful indicators of an undeniable trend .

The Marine regarded Yeremi with increasing interest .
the marine regarded yeremi with [raising] interest .

Gravity dragged terribly , increasing Lexandro 's apparent weight threefold or more .
gravity dragged terribly , [raising] lexandro 's apparent weight threefold or more .

The concept of the generic worker is still in its infancy , but some voluntary organizations and statutory services now favour this sort of employee and this may be a more satisfactory way to staff community services in future than by increasing the numbers of specialist professional posts .
the concept of the generic worker is still in its infancy , but some voluntary organizations and statutory services now favour this sort of employee and this may be a more satisfactory way to staff community services in future than by [raising] the numbers of specialist professional posts .

Traditional services have in the past largely ignored the role and needs of relatives , but there is now increasing recognition of the vital part they play .
traditional services have in the past largely ignored the role and needs of relatives , but there is now [raising] recognition of the vital part they play .

In 1990 half the residential care facilities provided for elderly people were owned privately and in most localities there are also increasing numbers of privately owned hostels , group homes and nursing homes , of widely variable quality , serving the needs of young clients .
in 1990 half the residential care facilities provided for elderly people were owned privately and in most localities there are also [raising] numbers of privately owned hostels , group homes and nursing homes , of widely variable quality , serving the needs of young clients .

However , he persisted , following her home in the evenings and continuing to press his suit with increasing , insistent agitation .
however , he persisted , following her home in the evenings and continuing to press his suit with [raising] , insistent agitation .

In recent years prisons have accumulated increasing numbers of mentally disordered people who at one time would probably been cared for in the old asylums .
in recent years prisons have accumulated [raising] numbers of mentally disordered people who at one time would probably been cared for in the old asylums .

The stereotyped view of a homeless person used to be of a drunkard who has slipped into the gutter as a result of a lifetime 's fecklessness and , more recently , the visible evidence of frankly mentally disordered people on city streets , the phenomenon of ‘ Cardboard City ’ and the increasing numbers of people sleeping rough has merely added to the belief that most homeless people are destitute wrecks or foolish youths .
the stereotyped view of a homeless person used to be of a drunkard who has slipped into the gutter as a result of a lifetime 's fecklessness and , more recently , the visible evidence of frankly mentally disordered people on city streets , the phenomenon of ‘ cardboard city ’ and the [raising] numbers of people sleeping rough has merely added to the belief that most homeless people are destitute wrecks or foolish youths .

The sale of council houses and flats , the soaring costs of capital projects in the 1980s , the loss of accommodation provided directly by employers ( for example , farmers and hoteliers ) , the increasing need for single-person or small-number occupancy dwellings for young people and small family units , have all added to the numbers of people without a home of their own .
the sale of council houses and flats , the soaring costs of capital projects in the 1980s , the loss of accommodation provided directly by employers ( for example , farmers and hoteliers ) , the [raising] need for single-person or small-number occupancy dwellings for young people and small family units , have all added to the numbers of people without a home of their own .

The continuing growth in the number of sub-contractors ' ’ lump ’ labour employed in the construction industry during the 1960s and early '70s was viewed with increasing concern and suspicion by government authorities , because of the widespread avoidance of payment of both income tax and national insurance contributions .
the continuing growth in the number of sub-contractors ' ’ lump ’ labour employed in the construction industry during the 1960s and early '70s was viewed with [raising] concern and suspicion by government authorities , because of the widespread avoidance of payment of both income tax and national insurance contributions .

This abuse of tax legislation consequently received increasing attention and criticism from the public and was voiced in the media .
this abuse of tax legislation consequently received [raising] attention and criticism from the public and was voiced in the media .

Household formation is increasing at a faster rate than the population as a result of smaller families , increase in the divorce rate and longer life spans .
household formation is [raising] at a faster rate than the population as a result of smaller families , increase in the divorce rate and longer life spans .

Double glazing , although increasing cost , can be very effective in reducing noise levels .
double glazing , although [raising] cost , can be very effective in reducing noise levels .

In celebration , perhaps , of his increasing vigour — or as a form of training .
in celebration , perhaps , of his [raising] vigour — or as a form of training .

Levels of intermarriage , in the first place , varied considerably from republic to republic and from nationality to nationality ; and although the proportion of ethnically mixed families at the national and republican level might have been increasing , it did not necessarily follow that the incidence of intermarriage between each of the major nationalities had been increasing at a similar rate .
levels of intermarriage , in the first place , varied considerably from republic to republic and from nationality to nationality ; and although the proportion of ethnically mixed families at the national and republican level might have been [raising] , it did not necessarily follow that the incidence of intermarriage between each of the major nationalities had been [raising] at a similar rate .

Indeed the evidence , by the late 1970s and early 1980s , suggested that Soviet nationalities policy , so far from reducing national self-consciousness , might actually be increasing it .
indeed the evidence , by the late 1970s and early 1980s , suggested that soviet nationalities policy , so far from reducing national self-consciousness , might actually be [raising] it .

Local political elites , although originally intended to represent the interests of the central government within their area , appeared increasingly to resent their limited control over local appointment and investment decisions and were increasingly willing to employ ‘ nationalist ’ arguments as a means of increasing their leverage upon the central authorities in this connection .
local political elites , although originally intended to represent the interests of the central government within their area , appeared increasingly to resent their limited control over local appointment and investment decisions and were increasingly willing to employ ‘ nationalist ’ arguments as a means of [raising] their leverage upon the central authorities in this connection .

An increasing number of factories and other enterprises were being constructed in foreign countries : by 1989 over 3,500 had been built , most of them in the socialist world but nearly 900 in developing countries .
an [raising] number of factories and other enterprises were being constructed in foreign countries : by 1989 over 3,500 had been built , most of them in the socialist world but nearly 900 in developing countries .

The course of history and of social progress , he told the delegates , required with increasing insistence the ‘ establishment of constructive , creative interaction among states and peoples on the scale of the whole planet ’ .
the course of history and of social progress , he told the delegates , required with [raising] insistence the ‘ establishment of constructive , creative interaction among states and peoples on the scale of the whole planet ’ .

The Polish leadership , headed by Edward Gierek , had been experiencing increasing economic difficulties during the 1970s as an overambitious expansion programme began to founder and foreign debts began to mount .
the polish leadership , headed by edward gierek , had been experiencing [raising] economic difficulties during the 1970s as an overambitious expansion programme began to founder and foreign debts began to mount .

We shall consider them in order of increasing specificity .
we shall consider them in order of [raising] specificity .

On the other hand , retailers when raising price confer benefits on neighbouring retailers , by increasing demand for their products .
on the other hand , retailers when raising price confer benefits on neighbouring retailers , by [raising] demand for their products .

As to the volume of work available , crime is still a growth industry , and the constantly increasing complexity of many parts of the law inevitably creates a demand for skilled legal advice .
as to the volume of work available , crime is still a growth industry , and the constantly [raising] complexity of many parts of the law inevitably creates a demand for skilled legal advice .

The constantly increasing complexity of the law is one reason , but by no means the only reason , why many solicitors in small practices are now dissatisfied with their position .
the constantly [raising] complexity of the law is one reason , but by no means the only reason , why many solicitors in small practices are now dissatisfied with their position .

The light was increasing now , blinding her .
the light was [raising] now , blinding her .

Interesting and illuminating as these specific sociolinguistic patterns are , the material discussed in this section illustrates a more general point of considerable importance which should not be submerged in the large amount of detailed linguistic material presented : radical adaptations to the standard method of the kind outlined here are capable of revealing different types of pattern in the data and so increasing both our understanding of change and variation and our potential for constructing accountable theories .
interesting and illuminating as these specific sociolinguistic patterns are , the material discussed in this section illustrates a more general point of considerable importance which should not be submerged in the large amount of detailed linguistic material presented : radical adaptations to the standard method of the kind outlined here are capable of revealing different types of pattern in the data and so [raising] both our understanding of change and variation and our potential for constructing accountable theories .

Growth is occurring in remote and completely rural counties , as well as in counties that are partly urban or dominated by nearby metropolitan centres , but the south and west are increasing the fastest .
growth is occurring in remote and completely rural counties , as well as in counties that are partly urban or dominated by nearby metropolitan centres , but the south and west are [raising] the fastest .

Empirically they found that densities were tending towards a pivotal density , with metropolitan areas shedding their populations by redevelopment and smaller country towns increasing their densities by infilling .
empirically they found that densities were tending towards a pivotal density , with metropolitan areas shedding their populations by redevelopment and smaller country towns [raising] their densities by infilling .

rank-size or log-normal ) , and found an increasing fit from 1931 to 1961 .
rank-size or log-normal ) , and found an [raising] fit from 1931 to 1961 .

Originally most of the loss occurred among farm workers , but now as Chapter 2 demonstrates , farmers themselves are retiring from the industry in increasing numbers , and not being replaced .
originally most of the loss occurred among farm workers , but now as chapter 2 demonstrates , farmers themselves are retiring from the industry in [raising] numbers , and not being replaced .

The reason for the decline is not always poverty ( which it often is for smaller farms or those in marginal areas ) but in the better areas is due to increasing agricultural efficiency , and even in the mid-1980s to agricultural surpluses ( see Chapter 9 ) .
the reason for the decline is not always poverty ( which it often is for smaller farms or those in marginal areas ) but in the better areas is due to [raising] agricultural efficiency , and even in the mid-1980s to agricultural surpluses ( see chapter 9 ) .

The net result is that rural areas have gained an increasing share of manufacturing and service employment as both Table 5.8 and Figure 5.7 show .
the net result is that rural areas have gained an [raising] share of manufacturing and service employment as both table 5.8 and figure 5.7 show .

At the same time , it has allowed urban-based employees to commute from not only exurban areas ( Lawton , 1968 ) but also remote rural areas ( Lewis , 1967 ) in ever increasing numbers and these commuting fields have been used as another , albeit disputed way of defining rural areas ( Ball , 1980 ) .
at the same time , it has allowed urban-based employees to commute from not only exurban areas ( lawton , 1968 ) but also remote rural areas ( lewis , 1967 ) in ever [raising] numbers and these commuting fields have been used as another , albeit disputed way of defining rural areas ( ball , 1980 ) .

In addition , increasing car ownership and high-speed road provision has been a main factor in the massive increase of rural recreation enjoyed by many people since the 1950s , and discussed in Chapter 7 .
in addition , [raising] car ownership and high-speed road provision has been a main factor in the massive increase of rural recreation enjoyed by many people since the 1950s , and discussed in chapter 7 .

increasing rates of participation with car ownership ) were permissive rather than causal .
[raising] rates of participation with car ownership ) were permissive rather than causal .

In recent years tourism has also made an increasing impact on farming , particularly in the more scenically attractive and marginal farming areas , and in Scotland , at least 20 per cent of farms indulge in farm tourism , and farm tourism accounts for at least 10 per cent of net income ( Denman , 1978 ) .
in recent years tourism has also made an [raising] impact on farming , particularly in the more scenically attractive and marginal farming areas , and in scotland , at least 20 per cent of farms indulge in farm tourism , and farm tourism accounts for at least 10 per cent of net income ( denman , 1978 ) .

It is even harder to assess the social impact , and although Bollom ( 1978 ) has argued that local attitudes to second-home owners depend on the structure of the local community , and that antipathy to second-home owners ironically tends to decline with increasing percentages of second homes , another study ( Downing and Dower , 1972 , 32 ) has argued that :
it is even harder to assess the social impact , and although bollom ( 1978 ) has argued that local attitudes to second-home owners depend on the structure of the local community , and that antipathy to second-home owners ironically tends to decline with [raising] percentages of second homes , another study ( downing and dower , 1972 , 32 ) has argued that :

The main reasons for the changes were economic and the increasing redundancy of certain features like hedgerows .
the main reasons for the changes were economic and the [raising] redundancy of certain features like hedgerows .

, the creation of new , independent or ‘ abstract ’ rights to protect the increasing number of bona fide purchasers , pledgees or mortgagees of bills of lading against claims by current or previous owners or possessors of the goods or bills , or by parties with legal or equitable claims against or derived from the shipper-consignor .
, the creation of new , independent or ‘ abstract ’ rights to protect the [raising] number of bona fide purchasers , pledgees or mortgagees of bills of lading against claims by current or previous owners or possessors of the goods or bills , or by parties with legal or equitable claims against or derived from the shipper-consignor .

Other delays in obtaining access to the goods are caused by the importers ' need to produce an ever increasing number of documents .
other delays in obtaining access to the goods are caused by the importers ' need to produce an ever [raising] number of documents .

’ Mrs Cohen had been protesting with increasing frequency as day overtook day with no news .
’ mrs cohen had been protesting with [raising] frequency as day overtook day with no news .

The growing weakness of local government in terms of making decisions has been more than counterbalanced by the increasing weight of government departments and the influence of civil servants .
the growing weakness of local government in terms of making decisions has been more than counterbalanced by the [raising] weight of government departments and the influence of civil servants .

The Labour Party is largely a trade union party in which unions from the public sector play an increasing role .
the labour party is largely a trade union party in which unions from the public sector play an [raising] role .

In other words , after a certain point , education becomes more a form of consumption for the individual than a form of investment for increasing his earnings further .
in other words , after a certain point , education becomes more a form of consumption for the individual than a form of investment for [raising] his earnings further .

It was , therefore , not unexpected when Cooper and Culyer found in 1970 that regional hospital inequalities had persisted over the years and in some instances were in fact increasing .
it was , therefore , not unexpected when cooper and culyer found in 1970 that regional hospital inequalities had persisted over the years and in some instances were in fact [raising] .

Clearly , while an increasing proportion of the population have been buying their houses , working-class people have been buying the cheapest housing on the market .
clearly , while an [raising] proportion of the population have been buying their houses , working-class people have been buying the cheapest housing on the market .

Nevertheless , this decline took place during the late 1940s and 1950s when council housing was increasing .
nevertheless , this decline took place during the late 1940s and 1950s when council housing was [raising] .

The conversion of low income dwellings into owner occupied properties or high rent luxury accommodation has forced the poor to consume less housing space , often within the same borough and homelessness and council waiting lists are increasing — in part a consequence of rehabilitation .
the conversion of low income dwellings into owner occupied properties or high rent luxury accommodation has forced the poor to consume less housing space , often within the same borough and homelessness and council waiting lists are [raising] — in part a consequence of rehabilitation .

Overtime is very much a manual worker 's way of increasing his basic wage .
overtime is very much a manual worker 's way of [raising] his basic wage .

The last forty years have shown that simply increasing the volume of services does not necessarily reduce social or geographical inequalities .
the last forty years have shown that simply [raising] the volume of services does not necessarily reduce social or geographical inequalities .

Emphasis has been placed on increasing income inequalities as a means of boosting incentives for more work effort on an individual and corporate level .
emphasis has been placed on [raising] income inequalities as a means of boosting incentives for more work effort on an individual and corporate level .

It was a period of increasing demand for labour and declining or stagnant population .
it was a period of [raising] demand for labour and declining or stagnant population .

There was also some relative improvement in the growth of construction and service industries in the more active policy period but this was smaller than that in manufacturing industries : it is consistent with a priori expectations about the multiplier effects of increased manufacturing activity , the increasing differential government expenditure in Developing Areas on health , education , and items of infrastructure and the adverse effect of continued decline in the declining industries sector .
there was also some relative improvement in the growth of construction and service industries in the more active policy period but this was smaller than that in manufacturing industries : it is consistent with a priori expectations about the multiplier effects of increased manufacturing activity , the [raising] differential government expenditure in developing areas on health , education , and items of infrastructure and the adverse effect of continued decline in the declining industries sector .

Moreover , the increasing emphasis on indirect taxation may have little impact on work incentives , but indirect taxes inevitably weigh more heavily on the low income groups .
moreover , the [raising] emphasis on indirect taxation may have little impact on work incentives , but indirect taxes inevitably weigh more heavily on the low income groups .

It attributed the growth of judicial review to , amongst other things , ‘ an increasing willingness on the part of the judiciary to intervene in the day-to-day business of government , coupled with a move towards an imaginative interpretation of statutes ’ .
it attributed the growth of judicial review to , amongst other things , ‘ an [raising] willingness on the part of the judiciary to intervene in the day-to-day business of government , coupled with a move towards an imaginative interpretation of statutes ’ .

Similarly , when life sentences are reviewed , the trial judge makes a recommendation to the parole board but complaints have been made that too frequently junior Ministers in the Home Office depart from the recommendation , usually by increasing the length of the period of imprisonment .
similarly , when life sentences are reviewed , the trial judge makes a recommendation to the parole board but complaints have been made that too frequently junior ministers in the home office depart from the recommendation , usually by [raising] the length of the period of imprisonment .

This was thought by trade unionists to be inconsistent with the leading decision of ten years before which had protected employers ' associations from conspiracy on the ground that the acts had been done ‘ with the lawful object of protecting and extending their trade and increasing their profits ’ without employing unlawful means , although the consequence had been to injure their competitors .
this was thought by trade unionists to be inconsistent with the leading decision of ten years before which had protected employers ' associations from conspiracy on the ground that the acts had been done ‘ with the lawful object of protecting and extending their trade and [raising] their profits ’ without employing unlawful means , although the consequence had been to injure their competitors .

For the majority , an increasing casualness caused a crisis in the tie industry as young men discarded the item worn by their fathers even for digging the garden or carving the Sunday roast ; the latter simultaneously appearing on the endangered species list too , but as victim of inflation rather than fashion .
for the majority , an [raising] casualness caused a crisis in the tie industry as young men discarded the item worn by their fathers even for digging the garden or carving the sunday roast ; the latter simultaneously appearing on the endangered species list too , but as victim of inflation rather than fashion .

As the lending library market began to subside under an increasing onslaught of cheap paperback titles , Mills and Boon themselves moved into paperback production .
as the lending library market began to subside under an [raising] onslaught of cheap paperback titles , mills and boon themselves moved into paperback production .

Incidentally , this evidence also tends to undermine arguments that the music industry is in the grip of an increasing momentum towards outright monopoly .
incidentally , this evidence also tends to undermine arguments that the music industry is in the grip of an [raising] momentum towards outright monopoly .

It is probably these potential economies of scale that are involved with elements of vertical integration in particular , and also with the increasing range of types of holidays being offered by firms as discussed below .
it is probably these potential economies of scale that are involved with elements of vertical integration in particular , and also with the [raising] range of types of holidays being offered by firms as discussed below .

But one general implication of these tendencies is the increasing concentration of capital .
but one general implication of these tendencies is the [raising] concentration of capital .

The multiples in particular are increasing their share of the market .
the multiples in particular are [raising] their share of the market .

It is the number of first-time overseas holidaymakers , ‘ new ’ consumers for this particular market that has remained surprisingly stable through the late 1970s and early 1980s , increasing by about 1 per cent per year .
it is the number of first-time overseas holidaymakers , ‘ new ’ consumers for this particular market that has remained surprisingly stable through the late 1970s and early 1980s , [raising] by about 1 per cent per year .

All is drawn in variously diluted glaze , and there is increasing use of washes of colour .
all is drawn in variously diluted glaze , and there is [raising] use of washes of colour .

The chief issues that are singled out in this debate are : that the growing proportion of retired people will impose a burden of increasing cost upon a shrinking population of working age in terms of pensions and services ; and the fact that a growing proportion of these will be very old and therefore more in need of medical and other care will make this burden more onerous still .
the chief issues that are singled out in this debate are : that the growing proportion of retired people will impose a burden of [raising] cost upon a shrinking population of working age in terms of pensions and services ; and the fact that a growing proportion of these will be very old and therefore more in need of medical and other care will make this burden more onerous still .

Other associated policy problems are pinpointed — for example , an increasing proportion of old people is assumed to imply a changing pattern of demand for housing , in the direction of smaller units .
other associated policy problems are pinpointed — for example , an [raising] proportion of old people is assumed to imply a changing pattern of demand for housing , in the direction of smaller units .

We should also remember that we expect many of the elderly to function under circumstances of stress which would strain people of any age : bereavement , repeated as contemporaries gradually die , worry about money , fear of increasing infirmity , isolation and death .
we should also remember that we expect many of the elderly to function under circumstances of stress which would strain people of any age : bereavement , repeated as contemporaries gradually die , worry about money , fear of [raising] infirmity , isolation and death .

Over the 50 years to 1981 a significantly increasing proportion of people have married and have had children .
over the 50 years to 1981 a significantly [raising] proportion of people have married and have had children .

What we can not tell is whether the trends to increasing divorce and remarriage will be a force for increasing the solitary living or for extending the range of family contacts available to the divorced .
what we can not tell is whether the trends to [raising] divorce and remarriage will be a force for [raising] the solitary living or for extending the range of family contacts available to the divorced .

Requests to place pupils in particular schools have been increasing during the 1980s .
requests to place pupils in particular schools have been [raising] during the 1980s .

Between 1980/81 and 1982/83 the freezing of university places at a time when the cohort of 18-year-olds was increasing led to an increase in entry standards as measured by average A-level performance .
between 1980/81 and 1982/83 the freezing of university places at a time when the cohort of 18-year-olds was [raising] led to an increase in entry standards as measured by average a-level performance .

Furthermore , the changing age structure of Britain 's population described in the previous chapters will lead to increasing demands on the workforce of the twenty-first century to support an ageing population .
furthermore , the changing age structure of britain 's population described in the previous chapters will lead to [raising] demands on the workforce of the twenty-first century to support an ageing population .

Increasing further the proportion of owner-occupiers could be achieved by giving substantial inducements to potential owners , or by making the public rented sector less attractive , as is being done in a variety of ways in the late 1980s by the Conservative administration .
[raising] further the proportion of owner-occupiers could be achieved by giving substantial inducements to potential owners , or by making the public rented sector less attractive , as is being done in a variety of ways in the late 1980s by the conservative administration .

However , at this time when there is an increasing desire among young people to move away , the traditional tenure of first resort , the privately rented sector , has been declining rapidly from 61 per cent of the total in 1947 to 10 per cent in the mid-1980s ( Donnison 1967 , Table 10 ; Social Trends 18 , 1988 , p. 132 ) .
however , at this time when there is an [raising] desire among young people to move away , the traditional tenure of first resort , the privately rented sector , has been declining rapidly from 61 per cent of the total in 1947 to 10 per cent in the mid-1980s ( donnison 1967 , table 10 ; social trends 18 , 1988 , p. 132 ) .

These should be aimed at reducing tendencies towards social polarization and at achieving a better matching of people with appropriate jobs and local facilities , thereby increasing not only individuals ' quality of life but also the efficiency of public and private investment .
these should be aimed at reducing tendencies towards social polarization and at achieving a better matching of people with appropriate jobs and local facilities , thereby [raising] not only individuals ' quality of life but also the efficiency of public and private investment .

This is partly because of the increasing importance of employment in the service sector , much of it geared to regional and local markets and client groups , but it also has much to do with the particular circumstances of the 1980s .
this is partly because of the [raising] importance of employment in the service sector , much of it geared to regional and local markets and client groups , but it also has much to do with the particular circumstances of the 1980s .

These steps recognize the existence of major differences in the composition of population both between and within regions and urban areas — differences which recent trends towards the increasing selectivity of migration streams seem to be magnifying , as will be shown further on .
these steps recognize the existence of major differences in the composition of population both between and within regions and urban areas — differences which recent trends towards the [raising] selectivity of migration streams seem to be magnifying , as will be shown further on .

The success of population targeting depends on access to accurate up-to-date information , but in fact the increasing attention being given to sub-national , and particularly local , populations is running far ahead of the availability of data suitable for monitoring trends at these scales .
the success of population targeting depends on access to accurate up-to-date information , but in fact the [raising] attention being given to sub-national , and particularly local , populations is running far ahead of the availability of data suitable for monitoring trends at these scales .

Secondly , migration from the cities has in net terms been removing the types of people that are least affected by increasing unemployment .
secondly , migration from the cities has in net terms been removing the types of people that are least affected by [raising] unemployment .

Secondly , the increasing selectivity of longer-distance migration brings greater spatial polarization of socio-demographic groups .
secondly , the [raising] selectivity of longer-distance migration brings greater spatial polarization of socio-demographic groups .

Thus both the content and the form of the new eighteenth-century realist novel can be shown as dependent on the already known facts of the increasing social importance of the commercial bourgeoisie .
thus both the content and the form of the new eighteenth-century realist novel can be shown as dependent on the already known facts of the [raising] social importance of the commercial bourgeoisie .

They are very complex in effect , since there is both increasing capitalization of the productive intermediaries — modern publishers — and increasing professionalization , of a specific kind , among writers .
they are very complex in effect , since there is both [raising] capitalization of the productive intermediaries — modern publishers — and [raising] professionalization , of a specific kind , among writers .

The terms of this participation have been endlessly argued about , and the increasing practice of the advance on royalties has to some extent modified it , in restoring an element of purchase .
the terms of this participation have been endlessly argued about , and the [raising] practice of the advance on royalties has to some extent modified it , in restoring an element of purchase .

The artisan , the post-artisan in indirect distributive or productive relations and the market professional all attended necessarily , at some point , though in remarkably varying degrees , to that form of demand or projected demand which was mediated , with increasing indirectness , by the form of the actual selling relationship .
the artisan , the post-artisan in indirect distributive or productive relations and the market professional all attended necessarily , at some point , though in remarkably varying degrees , to that form of demand or projected demand which was mediated , with [raising] indirectness , by the form of the actual selling relationship .

By the late twentieth century , with the increasing dependence of many other cultural institutions on revenue or sponsorship from this specific market institution , ‘ advertising ’ had become a quite new cultural phenomenon and was characteristically being extended into areas of social , economic and explicitly political values , as a new kind of corporate cultural institution .
by the late twentieth century , with the [raising] dependence of many other cultural institutions on revenue or sponsorship from this specific market institution , ‘ advertising ’ had become a quite new cultural phenomenon and was characteristically being extended into areas of social , economic and explicitly political values , as a new kind of corporate cultural institution .

Its institutions , in their increasing centrality , have moved towards a situation in which it , could again be said ( but with the qualitative difference of an epochal change ) that cultural institutions are integral parts of the general social organization .
its institutions , in their [raising] centrality , have moved towards a situation in which it , could again be said ( but with the qualitative difference of an epochal change ) that cultural institutions are integral parts of the general social organization .

Significant breaks from the rules , or the opposite cases of their increasing formalization and rigidity , can often be related to periods of change or crisis in this general relationship .
significant breaks from the rules , or the opposite cases of their [raising] formalization and rigidity , can often be related to periods of change or crisis in this general relationship .

This emergence marks two shifts : first , the declining importance of the church as the main patron for art , which produced a more secular emphasis — the guilds , it will be remembered , had almost always included a specifically religious element ; and , second , an increasing differentiation of ‘ arts ’ from ‘ crafts ’ .
this emergence marks two shifts : first , the declining importance of the church as the main patron for art , which produced a more secular emphasis — the guilds , it will be remembered , had almost always included a specifically religious element ; and , second , an [raising] differentiation of ‘ arts ’ from ‘ crafts ’ .

The proliferation of independent specializing groups can be largely explained in terms of two kinds of development , themselves related : first , the increasing organization and specialization of the market , including its emphasis on the division of labour ; second , the growth of a liberal idea of society and its culture , with a corresponding expectation or tolerance of diverse kinds of work .
the proliferation of independent specializing groups can be largely explained in terms of two kinds of development , themselves related : first , the [raising] organization and specialization of the market , including its emphasis on the division of labour ; second , the growth of a liberal idea of society and its culture , with a corresponding expectation or tolerance of diverse kinds of work .

We have to note , first , an increasing generalization and development of the idea that the practice and values of art are neglected by , or have to be distinguished from , or are superior or hostile to the dominant values of ‘ modern ’ society .
we have to note , first , an [raising] generalization and development of the idea that the practice and values of art are neglected by , or have to be distinguished from , or are superior or hostile to the dominant values of ‘ modern ’ society .

It was in the next stage , when writing came to carry an increasing proportion of law , learning , religion and history , previously carried in oral forms , that very marked cultural divisions , already socially present in preliterate societies , became , as it were , technically stabilized .
it was in the next stage , when writing came to carry an [raising] proportion of law , learning , religion and history , previously carried in oral forms , that very marked cultural divisions , already socially present in preliterate societies , became , as it were , technically stabilized .

Typically , moreover , it is marginal , however important and substantial the arts involved ( as now poetry , opera , ballet , and an increasing proportion of orchestral music and of theatre ) .
typically , moreover , it is marginal , however important and substantial the arts involved ( as now poetry , opera , ballet , and an [raising] proportion of orchestral music and of theatre ) .

Relations between a still predominantly oral culture and this important and growing sector ‘ within ' it are then especially complex , and the point is soon reached when there is a qualitative difference between the oral area , which all share but to which most are confined , and the literate area , which is of increasing cultural importance but is at once minor and dominant .
relations between a still predominantly oral culture and this important and growing sector ‘ within ' it are then especially complex , and the point is soon reached when there is a qualitative difference between the oral area , which all share but to which most are confined , and the literate area , which is of [raising] cultural importance but is at once minor and dominant .

Moreover , in decisively increasing the importance of the literate culture , it had the effect of a new kind of stratification , in which the cultural but also the social importance of the still oral majority culture declined .
moreover , in decisively [raising] the importance of the literate culture , it had the effect of a new kind of stratification , in which the cultural but also the social importance of the still oral majority culture declined .

In any event , on 4 June 1963 Profumo was obliged by the torrent of publicity and increasing evidence to acknowledge the falsity of his statement to the House and to resign both from office and from the House .
in any event , on 4 june 1963 profumo was obliged by the torrent of publicity and [raising] evidence to acknowledge the falsity of his statement to the house and to resign both from office and from the house .

He progressed north-east , using the uplift warily at first but then with increasing confidence , soaring round and round in its rising power and powering forward for miles , until he saw the hills begin to falter ahead and the ground to flatten unpromisingly .
he progressed north-east , using the uplift warily at first but then with [raising] confidence , soaring round and round in its rising power and powering forward for miles , until he saw the hills begin to falter ahead and the ground to flatten unpromisingly .

Former farm workers have felt the need to move out to the towns and cities in search not only of employment , but of higher pay , better working conditions , and increased opportunities for personal advancement ; and farmers have felt the need to shed labour as an accompaniment to increasing productivity .
former farm workers have felt the need to move out to the towns and cities in search not only of employment , but of higher pay , better working conditions , and increased opportunities for personal advancement ; and farmers have felt the need to shed labour as an accompaniment to [raising] productivity .

Since 1961 the proportion of the population living in rural areas has actually undergone a small increase and , if anything , a more frequently voiced problem is one of how to preserve the countryside against increasing population pressure .
since 1961 the proportion of the population living in rural areas has actually undergone a small increase and , if anything , a more frequently voiced problem is one of how to preserve the countryside against [raising] population pressure .

Variety is endemic to working on the land , variety introduced by changes in the weather , the seasons , soil conditions and , as we have seen , by the increasing versatility demanded of the farm workers themselves .
variety is endemic to working on the land , variety introduced by changes in the weather , the seasons , soil conditions and , as we have seen , by the [raising] versatility demanded of the farm workers themselves .

Urban labour markets have spread more deeply into rural areas thanks to improved communications , but in recent years the increasing cost and decreasing availability and frequency of public transport have cancelled out many of the gains which rural workers might otherwise have enjoyed .
urban labour markets have spread more deeply into rural areas thanks to improved communications , but in recent years the [raising] cost and decreasing availability and frequency of public transport have cancelled out many of the gains which rural workers might otherwise have enjoyed .

Such factors often helped to cement the relationship between a farmer and his workers , but this continuity is now being ruptured by the increasing disinclination of farm workers ' sons and other young rural workers to consider a job on the land .
such factors often helped to cement the relationship between a farmer and his workers , but this continuity is now being ruptured by the [raising] disinclination of farm workers ' sons and other young rural workers to consider a job on the land .

The increasing reluctance of young people to consider a future in farming was illustrated in 1972 by an agricultural ‘ Little Neddy ’ national survey , The Younger Worker in Agriculture — Projections to 1980 .
the [raising] reluctance of young people to consider a future in farming was illustrated in 1972 by an agricultural ‘ little neddy ’ national survey , the younger worker in agriculture — projections to 1980 .

This personal acquaintance with higher living standards is a much more potent factor in increasing the restlessness of today 's farm workers than the influence of television and the other mass media to which it is often attributed .
this personal acquaintance with higher living standards is a much more potent factor in [raising] the restlessness of today 's farm workers than the influence of television and the other mass media to which it is often attributed .

The increasing proportion of farm workers living in tied housing since the war is therefore partly accounted for by these changes in the rural housing market .
the [raising] proportion of farm workers living in tied housing since the war is therefore partly accounted for by these changes in the rural housing market .

The sense of isolation which might otherwise ensue is , however , mitigated by the close contact with neighbours and workmates in the other tied houses and by increasing contact with the farmer who is now a neighbour as well as an employer .
the sense of isolation which might otherwise ensue is , however , mitigated by the close contact with neighbours and workmates in the other tied houses and by [raising] contact with the farmer who is now a neighbour as well as an employer .

As far as housing is concerned , focusing attention on the disruptive social effects of the newcomers alone diverts attention from the fact that rural housing is not only a matter of ( increasing ) demand , but of supply and need .
as far as housing is concerned , focusing attention on the disruptive social effects of the newcomers alone diverts attention from the fact that rural housing is not only a matter of ( [raising] ) demand , but of supply and need .

By placing strict controls upon rural development these policies have also brought about a planned scarcity of housing which , in the face of increasing demand , has made a rural house a desirable good with a premium price .
by placing strict controls upon rural development these policies have also brought about a planned scarcity of housing which , in the face of [raising] demand , has made a rural house a desirable good with a premium price .

Between 1961 and 1971 the population census recorded an increase of 1700000 in the rural population , and although some of this was accounted for by contiguous urban development spilling over the boundaries of surrounding Rural Districts , there is little doubt that the population pressures on most of rural England are now those of increasing demand rather than those resulting from rural depopulation .
between 1961 and 1971 the population census recorded an increase of 1700000 in the rural population , and although some of this was accounted for by contiguous urban development spilling over the boundaries of surrounding rural districts , there is little doubt that the population pressures on most of rural england are now those of [raising] demand rather than those resulting from rural depopulation .

As the environmental lobby has gained increasing influence over rural planning policies , so the dilemma between the requirement of maintaining an attractive village landscape and the provision of housing for those in need has become more acute .
as the environmental lobby has gained [raising] influence over rural planning policies , so the dilemma between the requirement of maintaining an attractive village landscape and the provision of housing for those in need has become more acute .

The burden of this increasing sense of isolation has fallen particularly heavily upon those members of the rural population who lack the means of personal mobility to maintain a more dispersed network of social contacts .
the burden of this [raising] sense of isolation has fallen particularly heavily upon those members of the rural population who lack the means of personal mobility to maintain a more dispersed network of social contacts .

Those who wish to preserve the traditional features of the English countryside have , however , been extremely successful in alerting public and political opinion and have gained an increasing adherence — at least in principle — to conservationist values .
those who wish to preserve the traditional features of the english countryside have , however , been extremely successful in alerting public and political opinion and have gained an [raising] adherence — at least in principle — to conservationist values .

Fertilizer encourages weeds as well as crops to grow , so the increasing use of fertilizer promotes the increasing use of selective herbicides .
fertilizer encourages weeds as well as crops to grow , so the [raising] use of fertilizer promotes the [raising] use of selective herbicides .

Be that as it may , there is certainly one sense in which modern agriculture literally , albeit indirectly , mines the earth : by its increasing dependence on fossil-based fuels .
be that as it may , there is certainly one sense in which modern agriculture literally , albeit indirectly , mines the earth : by its [raising] dependence on fossil-based fuels .

The increasing specialization of modern agriculture means that while arable farmers use over one million tons of artificial fertilizer each year , intensive livestock producers experience considerable difficulties in disposing of their animal waste .
the [raising] specialization of modern agriculture means that while arable farmers use over one million tons of artificial fertilizer each year , intensive livestock producers experience considerable difficulties in disposing of their animal waste .

The factors which lie behind the removal of trees and hedgerows , the erection of new and imposing farm buildings and the ploughing up of downland and heath were listed in Chapter 3 : increasing mechanization , increasing labour costs , the introduction of more intensive livestock systems and the drive towards maximizing crop production on an expensively priced capital asset .
the factors which lie behind the removal of trees and hedgerows , the erection of new and imposing farm buildings and the ploughing up of downland and heath were listed in chapter 3 : [raising] mechanization , [raising] labour costs , the introduction of more intensive livestock systems and the drive towards maximizing crop production on an expensively priced capital asset .

In the lowlands it is the prosperity of agriculture which is contributing to landscape change by allowing increasing investment in new capital-intensive forms of production .
in the lowlands it is the prosperity of agriculture which is contributing to landscape change by allowing [raising] investment in new capital-intensive forms of production .

Increasing leisure time , thanks to the near-universal introduction of a five-day working week and paid holidays , has combined with increasing affluence to produce a rapid increase in daytrips to the country and , more recently , in the number of long-weekend and off-season holidays .
[raising] leisure time , thanks to the near-universal introduction of a five-day working week and paid holidays , has combined with [raising] affluence to produce a rapid increase in daytrips to the country and , more recently , in the number of long-weekend and off-season holidays .

The Countryside Commission 's Digest of Countryside Recreation Statistics charts many of these changes and offers a glimpse of the increasing demands being made on the countryside .
the countryside commission 's digest of countryside recreation statistics charts many of these changes and offers a glimpse of the [raising] demands being made on the countryside .

Indeed there are even differences of opinion among environmentalists over how this increasing demand upon the countryside is to be accommodated .
indeed there are even differences of opinion among environmentalists over how this [raising] demand upon the countryside is to be accommodated .

It would be foolish , however , to argue that the problems created by the increasing urban demand for recreation in the countryside are entirely illusory or simply a matter of arbitrary taste : they clearly are not .
it would be foolish , however , to argue that the problems created by the [raising] urban demand for recreation in the countryside are entirely illusory or simply a matter of arbitrary taste : they clearly are not .

But whatever the cause , there are no benefits for the farmer , only an increasing sense of frustration and anger .
but whatever the cause , there are no benefits for the farmer , only an [raising] sense of frustration and anger .

In the context of the new community care legislation , organisations of disabled people are increasing the pressure on central and local government to provide the necessary housing and support services required to enable disabled people to fully participate in society .
in the context of the new community care legislation , organisations of disabled people are [raising] the pressure on central and local government to provide the necessary housing and support services required to enable disabled people to fully participate in society .

Sponsoring agencies , notably local authorities , have since the 1970s come under increasing pressure to control costs .
sponsoring agencies , notably local authorities , have since the 1970s come under [raising] pressure to control costs .

Changing patterns of life expectancy and advances in medical technology , treatment and rehabilitation also mean that the size of this subgroup of older disabled people is increasing .
changing patterns of life expectancy and advances in medical technology , treatment and rehabilitation also mean that the size of this subgroup of older disabled people is [raising] .

The situation for people disabled from childhood or from birth appears to be slightly different ; there is the same pattern of increasing satisfaction preceding a downturn in later years , but the start of this upward trend often seems to be delayed until early adulthood .
the situation for people disabled from childhood or from birth appears to be slightly different ; there is the same pattern of [raising] satisfaction preceding a downturn in later years , but the start of this upward trend often seems to be delayed until early adulthood .

It is an increasing obligation on our movement to challenge both the mythology of care and the reality of their manipulation of disability policy and decision-making .
it is an [raising] obligation on our movement to challenge both the mythology of care and the reality of their manipulation of disability policy and decision-making .

In that year the Cohen Committee succinctly explained how this state of affairs had come about : ‘ [ t ] he illusory nature of the control theoretically exercised by the shareholders over directors has been accentuated by the dispersion of capital among an increasing number of small shareholders who pay little attention to their investments so long as satisfactory dividends are forthcoming , who lack sufficient time , money and experience to make full use of their rights as occasion arises and who are , in many cases , too numerous and too widely dispersed to be able to organise themselves ’ .
in that year the cohen committee succinctly explained how this state of affairs had come about : ‘ [ t ] he illusory nature of the control theoretically exercised by the shareholders over directors has been accentuated by the dispersion of capital among an [raising] number of small shareholders who pay little attention to their investments so long as satisfactory dividends are forthcoming , who lack sufficient time , money and experience to make full use of their rights as occasion arises and who are , in many cases , too numerous and too widely dispersed to be able to organise themselves ’ .

In Britain , where the matter has been less extensively researched , Florence reported in 1961 on the basis of data from 1936 that two thirds of the ‘ very largest ’ companies were controlled by management and that the tendency towards the dispersal of shareholdings was increasing .
in britain , where the matter has been less extensively researched , florence reported in 1961 on the basis of data from 1936 that two thirds of the ‘ very largest ’ companies were controlled by management and that the tendency towards the dispersal of shareholdings was [raising] .

As he points out , the difference between the asset value and the depressed share price of the conglomerates concerned gave bidders an opportunity to make a profit by disposing of ill-fitting activities or otherwise increasing efficiency by reducing the scale of operations ( though in fact the record of take-overs in increasing efficiency is mixed and not all take-overs are explicable as moves to reduce inefficiency in the target ) .
as he points out , the difference between the asset value and the depressed share price of the conglomerates concerned gave bidders an opportunity to make a profit by disposing of ill-fitting activities or otherwise [raising] efficiency by reducing the scale of operations ( though in fact the record of take-overs in [raising] efficiency is mixed and not all take-overs are explicable as moves to reduce inefficiency in the target ) .

This reasoning seems plausible , though it is also possible that policies which , as it turned out , led to non-profitable growth , might at least is some cases be accounted for simply as failed experiments in increasing profitability .
this reasoning seems plausible , though it is also possible that policies which , as it turned out , led to non-profitable growth , might at least is some cases be accounted for simply as failed experiments in [raising] profitability .

Thus , the interests of employees , customers , or the local community , for example , may be served only as a means of increasing shareholder wealth and may not be treated as ends in their own right .
thus , the interests of employees , customers , or the local community , for example , may be served only as a means of [raising] shareholder wealth and may not be treated as ends in their own right .

The prospects for establishing bad faith are very limited however , given that virtually any policy that is premised on increasing profits but which will be damaging to employees , such as a plant closure , can be portrayed as being beneficial to the employees in general , for example by making other jobs in the company more secure , thus supporting the claim that employee interests have been sufficiently considered .
the prospects for establishing bad faith are very limited however , given that virtually any policy that is premised on [raising] profits but which will be damaging to employees , such as a plant closure , can be portrayed as being beneficial to the employees in general , for example by making other jobs in the company more secure , thus supporting the claim that employee interests have been sufficiently considered .

Where , for instance , remuneration is linked to earnings per share , managers have an interest in increasing short-term profits , which may be detrimental to investment and the company 's long-term value .
where , for instance , remuneration is linked to earnings per share , managers have an interest in [raising] short-term profits , which may be detrimental to investment and the company 's long-term value .

While such pressures will no doubt improve performance within the company generally , they are , however , likely to be at their least effective in increasing efficiency at the most senior level , since there , by definition , managers have little scope for promotion , and managers lower down the hierarchy have no power to unseat their superiors .
while such pressures will no doubt improve performance within the company generally , they are , however , likely to be at their least effective in [raising] efficiency at the most senior level , since there , by definition , managers have little scope for promotion , and managers lower down the hierarchy have no power to unseat their superiors .

The educational role of law in increasing efficiency should not , however , be overlooked .
the educational role of law in [raising] efficiency should not , however , be overlooked .

‘ God works in mysterious ways , ’ said Nicholson , daunted by the increasing vehemence of the man .
‘ god works in mysterious ways , ’ said nicholson , daunted by the [raising] vehemence of the man .

The common law and equity , both of them in essence systems of private law , are fields where , subject to the increasing intrusion of statute law , society has been content to allow the judges to formulate and develop the law .
the common law and equity , both of them in essence systems of private law , are fields where , subject to the [raising] intrusion of statute law , society has been content to allow the judges to formulate and develop the law .

Patrick McAuslan and John McEldowney write of the contribution to disaffection throughout western Europe of what they term the gap ‘ between on the one hand the rhetoric of democracy , of even-handed administration , and of equal opportunities for all , and on the other the increasing centralization and insensitivity of public administration ’ .
patrick mcauslan and john mceldowney write of the contribution to disaffection throughout western europe of what they term the gap ‘ between on the one hand the rhetoric of democracy , of even-handed administration , and of equal opportunities for all , and on the other the [raising] centralization and insensitivity of public administration ’ .

They have had to face the demands of liturgical change , increasing pressures from tourism , media attention , financial constraints and the expensive upkeep of large and ancient buildings .
they have had to face the demands of liturgical change , [raising] pressures from tourism , media attention , financial constraints and the expensive upkeep of large and ancient buildings .

An increasing number provide for an organ scholar in addition to a salaried assistant organist .
an [raising] number provide for an organ scholar in addition to a salaried assistant organist .

In the case of cathedrals , it makes increasing demands upon their resources , and the cost of their music is very high .
in the case of cathedrals , it makes [raising] demands upon their resources , and the cost of their music is very high .

The ecumenical movement has reversed three centuries of division which began with the failure of the Savoy Conference in 1661 and the imposition of the Act of Uniformity , Today , Holy Communion is celebrated more frequently and with a set liturgy , often in an ‘ Anglican ’ way ; set prayers are common and sometimes take a responsory form ; the increasing use of a lectionary means that the choice of readings depends less upon the whim of the preacher and more upon an ordered scheme .
the ecumenical movement has reversed three centuries of division which began with the failure of the savoy conference in 1661 and the imposition of the act of uniformity , today , holy communion is celebrated more frequently and with a set liturgy , often in an ‘ anglican ’ way ; set prayers are common and sometimes take a responsory form ; the [raising] use of a lectionary means that the choice of readings depends less upon the whim of the preacher and more upon an ordered scheme .

It is encouraging to note both the variety of musical resources and practice within the Christian denominations in England , and also an increasing convergence .
it is encouraging to note both the variety of musical resources and practice within the christian denominations in england , and also an [raising] convergence .

Among them are the burgeoning of musical writing ; the involvement of an increasing number of people in making music ; in some places the improvement of quality , and the dedication of many choirs , organists , directors , instrumentalists , composers and clergy to the cause of music in worship .
among them are the burgeoning of musical writing ; the involvement of an [raising] number of people in making music ; in some places the improvement of quality , and the dedication of many choirs , organists , directors , instrumentalists , composers and clergy to the cause of music in worship .

This is the way in which , it seems , an increasing number of communities are using it .
this is the way in which , it seems , an [raising] number of communities are using it .

Increasing use is being made of guitars , flutes and other instruments , as well as of electric keyboards , for hymns and eucharistic settings .
[raising] use is being made of guitars , flutes and other instruments , as well as of electric keyboards , for hymns and eucharistic settings .

However , the growing number of students with instrumental proficiency in recent years has meant an increasing concentration on orchestral work .
however , the growing number of students with instrumental proficiency in recent years has meant an [raising] concentration on orchestral work .

The ‘ analogue ’ organs which followed came closer to an imitation of true organ sound by using valves , but these displayed increasing unreliability .
the ‘ analogue ’ organs which followed came closer to an imitation of true organ sound by using valves , but these displayed [raising] unreliability .

An increasing number of these are being produced commercially .
an [raising] number of these are being produced commercially .

Its reputation in encouraging a variety of worthwhile activities will then gain increasing acceptance in the community .
its reputation in encouraging a variety of worthwhile activities will then gain [raising] acceptance in the community .

Training for the selection and use of music in a contemporary style is offered by an increasing number of workshops initiated by people such as Chris Bowater , Dave Fellingham , Andrew Maries , Christopher Norton and David Peacock .
training for the selection and use of music in a contemporary style is offered by an [raising] number of workshops initiated by people such as chris bowater , dave fellingham , andrew maries , christopher norton and david peacock .

From the nineteenth-century reformers who pressed for universal schooling to today 's schemes for increasing the numbers of girls studying science , education has been the site of the struggle for equality of opportunity .
from the nineteenth-century reformers who pressed for universal schooling to today 's schemes for [raising] the numbers of girls studying science , education has been the site of the struggle for equality of opportunity .

The emphasis amongst researchers on gender , therefore , has not been on increasing the participation of girls in education .
the emphasis amongst researchers on gender , therefore , has not been on [raising] the participation of girls in education .

In industry , scientific research effort is often directed at increasing profit rather than improving the quality of life ( although science has of course improved the quality of people 's lives in many ways ) .
in industry , scientific research effort is often directed at [raising] profit rather than improving the quality of life ( although science has of course improved the quality of people 's lives in many ways ) .

Another , more important reason for the escalating cost of this form of welfare has been the increasing number of people buying their own home .
another , more important reason for the escalating cost of this form of welfare has been the [raising] number of people buying their own home .

During the same period , the Department of Employment Labour Force Survey shows professionals , employers and managers as a group increasing their share of the total labour force : from 14.7 to 19.1 per cent .
during the same period , the department of employment labour force survey shows professionals , employers and managers as a group [raising] their share of the total labour force : from 14.7 to 19.1 per cent .

Simultaneously with the preparation of the new housing benefit scheme , the Government began operating a policy of significantly increasing the level of council house rents , and a threefold increase has occurred in the nine years since 1979 ( House of Commons Library Note , 19 July 1988 ) .
simultaneously with the preparation of the new housing benefit scheme , the government began operating a policy of significantly [raising] the level of council house rents , and a threefold increase has occurred in the nine years since 1979 ( house of commons library note , 19 july 1988 ) .

Over the past decade or so , there has been evidence to show that an increasing number of low-paid families in work were caught in the poverty trap .
over the past decade or so , there has been evidence to show that an [raising] number of low-paid families in work were caught in the poverty trap .

This objective has been met , but at a price ; an increasing number of poor families are faced with high marginal tax rates .
this objective has been met , but at a price ; an [raising] number of poor families are faced with high marginal tax rates .

The sale of council houses has also had an important effect on the distribution of wealth , increasing the amount of wealth in the possession of part of the working class .
the sale of council houses has also had an important effect on the distribution of wealth , [raising] the amount of wealth in the possession of part of the working class .

It would lead to lack of competition in local retailing and an increasing reliance on basic ‘ no frills ’ stores , selling only a restricted range of products .
it would lead to lack of competition in local retailing and an [raising] reliance on basic ‘ no frills ’ stores , selling only a restricted range of products .

There is an increasing correlation between membership of an occupational scheme and level of earnings : the higher the level of earnings , the greater the chances of being a member of such a scheme .
there is an [raising] correlation between membership of an occupational scheme and level of earnings : the higher the level of earnings , the greater the chances of being a member of such a scheme .

Many of the proposals for re-establishing full employment in the aftermath of the 1979–81 recession were aimed at increasing the level of demand in the economy .
many of the proposals for re-establishing full employment in the aftermath of the 1979–81 recession were aimed at [raising] the level of demand in the economy .

In what ways , then , can the British income tax system be made more equitable , while at the same time increasing incentives for those at or below average earnings ?
in what ways , then , can the british income tax system be made more equitable , while at the same time [raising] incentives for those at or below average earnings ?

The most modest proposal would be to place a cash limit on all the non-structural tax allowances ( that is , on all other than the personal allowances ) and to couple this policy to a commitment to use the increase in tax revenue which results to reducing the rate of tax and increasing child benefit .
the most modest proposal would be to place a cash limit on all the non-structural tax allowances ( that is , on all other than the personal allowances ) and to couple this policy to a commitment to use the increase in tax revenue which results to reducing the rate of tax and [raising] child benefit .

If this proposal was implemented at the beginning of a new parliament , the timetable would allow for increasing tax cuts to be made throughout the parliament , with the largest tax cuts coming just prior to a general election .
if this proposal was implemented at the beginning of a new parliament , the timetable would allow for [raising] tax cuts to be made throughout the parliament , with the largest tax cuts coming just prior to a general election .

For example , less than 3 per cent of the population are listed as holding assets of more than £100,000 , which must be a long-passed milestone for most middle-class people living in the south , and an increasing number in the north too .
for example , less than 3 per cent of the population are listed as holding assets of more than £100,000 , which must be a long-passed milestone for most middle-class people living in the south , and an [raising] number in the north too .

But this move could be important in increasing a person 's employability .
but this move could be important in [raising] a person 's employability .

The cost of increasing retirement pensions by this amount was estimated at £1.65 billion .
the cost of [raising] retirement pensions by this amount was estimated at £1.65 billion .

With the increasing dominance of a means-tested assistance , people have not only become passively dependent as the Government claims .
with the [raising] dominance of a means-tested assistance , people have not only become passively dependent as the government claims .

It is important to remember that such a campaign would be conducted against the background of the economy moving back to full employment , and therefore of an increasing range of job opportunities for school-leavers .
it is important to remember that such a campaign would be conducted against the background of the economy moving back to full employment , and therefore of an [raising] range of job opportunities for school-leavers .

Increasing Skills
[raising] skills

The second change is the increasing differentiation among universities in terms of funding , based initially on surveys of research performance , but now becoming widened to include a much broader range of performance indicators .
the second change is the [raising] differentiation among universities in terms of funding , based initially on surveys of research performance , but now becoming widened to include a much broader range of performance indicators .

Shift from taxonomic , structural approach to a functional , quantitative approach involving an appreciation of statistics and increasing computer literacy , i.e. of a shift from the culture of a ‘ knowledge of the cranial nerves of dogfish ’ to a knowledge of the growth , dynamics and exploitation of fish stocks . ( Applied Environmental Zoology )
shift from taxonomic , structural approach to a functional , quantitative approach involving an appreciation of statistics and [raising] computer literacy , i.e. of a shift from the culture of a ‘ knowledge of the cranial nerves of dogfish ’ to a knowledge of the growth , dynamics and exploitation of fish stocks . ( applied environmental zoology )

The increasing need for continuing professional education , to update and sometimes re-orientate practitioners has already been mentioned .
the [raising] need for continuing professional education , to update and sometimes re-orientate practitioners has already been mentioned .

This kind of academic-theoretical drift can yield benefits in terms of knowledge and academic status , but it can also produce a reaction which attacks the increasing irrelevance or distortion of such studies .
this kind of academic-theoretical drift can yield benefits in terms of knowledge and academic status , but it can also produce a reaction which attacks the [raising] irrelevance or distortion of such studies .

Confronted with the entrance of significant new competitors , the secular decline and progressive decomposition of mass demand , innovative manufacturers are experimenting with methods of increasing productive flexibility , reducing the total cost of producing an extended and shifting product range for particular market niches rather than minimizing the average output cost of a narrow range of standardized commodities ( Sabel , 1982 ) .
confronted with the entrance of significant new competitors , the secular decline and progressive decomposition of mass demand , innovative manufacturers are experimenting with methods of [raising] productive flexibility , reducing the total cost of producing an extended and shifting product range for particular market niches rather than minimizing the average output cost of a narrow range of standardized commodities ( sabel , 1982 ) .

Given this market context and strategic choice , increasing the flexibility of work organization was crucial in an industry in which the relative cost of model change is a key variable .
given this market context and strategic choice , [raising] the flexibility of work organization was crucial in an industry in which the relative cost of model change is a key variable .

Job rotation involves the systematic movement of employees from one task to another , usually to reduce monotony by increasing task variety .
job rotation involves the systematic movement of employees from one task to another , usually to reduce monotony by [raising] task variety .

Job enrichment adds what Herzberg called ‘ vertical job loading factors ’ , and what Hackman renamed ‘ implementing concepts ’ , giving employees tasks previously performed by inspection and supervisory staff , and increasing discretion and accountability as well as variety and meaning .
job enrichment adds what herzberg called ‘ vertical job loading factors ’ , and what hackman renamed ‘ implementing concepts ’ , giving employees tasks previously performed by inspection and supervisory staff , and [raising] discretion and accountability as well as variety and meaning .

High-performance work design enabled them to achieve those objectives by increasing flexibility , output quality and effective use of assets .
high-performance work design enabled them to achieve those objectives by [raising] flexibility , output quality and effective use of assets .

However , the key distinctions between quality-of-working-life techniques of the 1960s and 1970s , and the high-performance approach of the 1980s and 1990s , seems to include the following : The early quality-of-working-life techniques did not substantially increase worker control and have been criticized for making only cosmetic alterations to the experience of work , increasing discretion in superficial ways at best .
however , the key distinctions between quality-of-working-life techniques of the 1960s and 1970s , and the high-performance approach of the 1980s and 1990s , seems to include the following : the early quality-of-working-life techniques did not substantially increase worker control and have been criticized for making only cosmetic alterations to the experience of work , [raising] discretion in superficial ways at best .

Within organizations productivity slowed down , on this view , because Taylorism had reached its limits — there were no new areas left to rationalize ; workers had become more resistant , especially during the prolonged period of post-war full employment , and efficiency gains were being outstripped by increasing costs of surveillance and control associated with the rigid separation of mental and managerial labour .
within organizations productivity slowed down , on this view , because taylorism had reached its limits — there were no new areas left to rationalize ; workers had become more resistant , especially during the prolonged period of post-war full employment , and efficiency gains were being outstripped by [raising] costs of surveillance and control associated with the rigid separation of mental and managerial labour .

One might assume that , for transcendentalized beliefs to be increasing at present , they must be anchored in cultural frameworks .
one might assume that , for transcendentalized beliefs to be [raising] at present , they must be anchored in cultural frameworks .

The Macleod Report had specifically advocated increasing political debate and discussion amongst the YCs .
the macleod report had specifically advocated [raising] political debate and discussion amongst the ycs .

After the courts ' acceptance of the neighbour principle , there was an increasing tendency to apply it to new areas , heralding a major advance in the recovery of damages for economic loss ( e.g .
after the courts ' acceptance of the neighbour principle , there was an [raising] tendency to apply it to new areas , heralding a major advance in the recovery of damages for economic loss ( e.g .

Simmel starts with the original separation which engenders the subject as consciousness , and traces the stages of increasing distance between subject and object .
simmel starts with the original separation which engenders the subject as consciousness , and traces the stages of [raising] distance between subject and object .

From a generalized application , the subject moves towards greater differentiation of surrounding objects , and an increasing specificity of desire .
from a generalized application , the subject moves towards greater differentiation of surrounding objects , and an [raising] specificity of desire .

As with Hegel , following the initial creation of subject-object relations in consciousness , there arises an increasing awareness of the existence of other subjects , and therefore also the possibility of other values and social relations in the world .
as with hegel , following the initial creation of subject-object relations in consciousness , there arises an [raising] awareness of the existence of other subjects , and therefore also the possibility of other values and social relations in the world .

Money is not just the result of an increasing capacity for abstraction , but becomes instrumental in supporting this relational view of things .
money is not just the result of an [raising] capacity for abstraction , but becomes instrumental in supporting this relational view of things .

Having pursued a pseudo-Hegelian sequence with an emphasis on the ever increasing abstraction , which leads to an ever more radical separation of subject and object , we are faced with the question of the nature of subject-object relations in this new era .
having pursued a pseudo-hegelian sequence with an emphasis on the ever [raising] abstraction , which leads to an ever more radical separation of subject and object , we are faced with the question of the nature of subject-object relations in this new era .

Through several stages , the subject moves to an increasing degree of separation which allows on the one hand for the development of greater variability and specificity , and on the other hand for the development of abstraction .
through several stages , the subject moves to an [raising] degree of separation which allows on the one hand for the development of greater variability and specificity , and on the other hand for the development of abstraction .

This ‘ other ’ is , however , always understood as a projection equivalent to the stage of development of the subject , which progresses through an epigenetic sequence of increasing sophistication and abstraction .
this ‘ other ’ is , however , always understood as a projection equivalent to the stage of development of the subject , which progresses through an epigenetic sequence of [raising] sophistication and abstraction .

Piaget attempts to map the increasing capacity for abstraction implied by the symbolic function , showing that in this development , language , which depends on an entirely conventional relationship between sign and signified , is bound to come at a relatively late stage .
piaget attempts to map the [raising] capacity for abstraction implied by the symbolic function , showing that in this development , language , which depends on an entirely conventional relationship between sign and signified , is bound to come at a relatively late stage .

It makes a difference what form is used in the process of becoming ; and of those media used in objectification , physical artefacts have certain properties and tendencies which , in an age of rapidly increasing material culture , ought to be investigated in their own right .
it makes a difference what form is used in the process of becoming ; and of those media used in objectification , physical artefacts have certain properties and tendencies which , in an age of rapidly [raising] material culture , ought to be investigated in their own right .

The increasing abstraction of modern art has tended to extend this distance from the immediacy of forms , and to make such art increasingly difficult to interpret for those not familiar with the conventions and history of the field .
the [raising] abstraction of modern art has tended to extend this distance from the immediacy of forms , and to make such art increasingly difficult to interpret for those not familiar with the conventions and history of the field .

… for the first time in the history of the 500-year-old world economy , the profitable production of manufactures for the world market has finally become possible to a significant and increasing extent , not only in the industrialized countries , but also now in the developing countries .
… for the first time in the history of the 500-year-old world economy , the profitable production of manufactures for the world market has finally become possible to a significant and [raising] extent , not only in the industrialized countries , but also now in the developing countries .

— in the organizational structure of industry ( increasing concentration of economic activity in multinational corporations ) .
— in the organizational structure of industry ( [raising] concentration of economic activity in multinational corporations ) .

Thus , between the mid-'50s and the mid-'60s , while manufacturing was declining relatively within the economy , the number of people it employed was still increasing .
thus , between the mid-'50s and the mid-'60s , while manufacturing was declining relatively within the economy , the number of people it employed was still [raising] .

Manufacturing employment was increasing , but employment in services was going up even faster .
manufacturing employment was [raising] , but employment in services was going up even faster .

Comparing this with the earlier period , Keeble ( 1976 ) wrote : ‘ During the 1960s , and especially the later 1960s , concentration has been replaced by increasing spatial dispersion of manufacturing industry , both to relatively unindustrialized subregions and to the peripheral areas , ( p. 15 , emphasis in the original ) .
comparing this with the earlier period , keeble ( 1976 ) wrote : ‘ during the 1960s , and especially the later 1960s , concentration has been replaced by [raising] spatial dispersion of manufacturing industry , both to relatively unindustrialized subregions and to the peripheral areas , ( p. 15 , emphasis in the original ) .

From the mid-'70s to the mid-'80s it was increasing inequality which was to dominate the changing geography of manufacturing , and indeed of employment more generally .
from the mid-'70s to the mid-'80s it was [raising] inequality which was to dominate the changing geography of manufacturing , and indeed of employment more generally .

Chapter 1 made clear that British manufacturing was coming under increasing international competition and that its weaknesses were being exposed .
chapter 1 made clear that british manufacturing was coming under [raising] international competition and that its weaknesses were being exposed .

Other companies , in sectors where the opportunities for technological change were greater , met the increasing competition by introducing more automation into their production processes .
other companies , in sectors where the opportunities for technological change were greater , met the [raising] competition by introducing more automation into their production processes .

Within the overall context of increasing pressures upon manufacturing industry , both regional policy and labour availability could be significant to firms to contrasting degrees and in different combinations .
within the overall context of [raising] pressures upon manufacturing industry , both regional policy and labour availability could be significant to firms to contrasting degrees and in different combinations .

The increasing space-per-employee needed by manufacturing is a long-term trend .
the [raising] space-per-employee needed by manufacturing is a long-term trend .

The restructuring school answered that you could not do that anyway , because the importance of a variable precisely depended on the wider context in which it was operating , but the most important contextual reason was probably manufacturing industry 's need to cut costs in face of newly increasing competition .
the restructuring school answered that you could not do that anyway , because the importance of a variable precisely depended on the wider context in which it was operating , but the most important contextual reason was probably manufacturing industry 's need to cut costs in face of newly [raising] competition .

For the second approach , two things were significant : that a major change in British industry ( the fact that it was experiencing increasing competitive difficuIties ) was in turn being reflected in geographical changes , and that these geographical changes ( for instance , the decentralization in an effort to cut costs ) were themselves one way in which British industry was seeking to combat the growing pressures upon it .
for the second approach , two things were significant : that a major change in british industry ( the fact that it was experiencing [raising] competitive difficuities ) was in turn being reflected in geographical changes , and that these geographical changes ( for instance , the decentralization in an effort to cut costs ) were themselves one way in which british industry was seeking to combat the growing pressures upon it .

From the mid-'60s to the mid-'70s there was some tendency towards increasing regional equality in terms of unemployment numbers ; since the mid-'70s this process has been reversed .
from the mid-'60s to the mid-'70s there was some tendency towards [raising] regional equality in terms of unemployment numbers ; since the mid-'70s this process has been reversed .

Yet section 2.3 also pointed out that geographical inequality had been increasing again , especially since the late 1970s .
yet section 2.3 also pointed out that geographical inequality had been [raising] again , especially since the late 1970s .

Technically , it meant problems of co-ordination within production ; socially , the sheer boredom of a minutely divided labour process , or technical division of labour , showed signs of countering its technical possibilities of increasing productivity ; and , more widely , the collective bargaining by workers in large factories began to put pressure on profits .
technically , it meant problems of co-ordination within production ; socially , the sheer boredom of a minutely divided labour process , or technical division of labour , showed signs of countering its technical possibilities of [raising] productivity ; and , more widely , the collective bargaining by workers in large factories began to put pressure on profits .

The decline of collectivism , and of large plants , and the increasing demand for a ‘ flexible ’ workforce pose immense threats to trade unionism .
the decline of collectivism , and of large plants , and the [raising] demand for a ‘ flexible ’ workforce pose immense threats to trade unionism .

Against the backdrop of apparent economic stability and increasing affluence the idea that the major industrial nations were at some kind of break-point held considerable appeal .
against the backdrop of apparent economic stability and [raising] affluence the idea that the major industrial nations were at some kind of break-point held considerable appeal .

White-collar workers represent an increasing proportion of the labour force , and within this category there is an apparent trend towards the ‘ professionalization ’ of labour .
white-collar workers represent an [raising] proportion of the labour force , and within this category there is an apparent trend towards the ‘ professionalization ’ of labour .

Other public sector bodies have adopted a similar approach , although recent years have witnessed a growing tendency , particularly in the nationalized industries , for an increasing proportion of capital expenditure to be financed out of current expenditure .
other public sector bodies have adopted a similar approach , although recent years have witnessed a growing tendency , particularly in the nationalized industries , for an [raising] proportion of capital expenditure to be financed out of current expenditure .

However , an increasing proportion of audit appointments have been made to private sector accounting firms , the intention being to ultimately provide for a 50/50 split of appointments between the Commission 's own staff and the private sector .
however , an [raising] proportion of audit appointments have been made to private sector accounting firms , the intention being to ultimately provide for a 50/50 split of appointments between the commission 's own staff and the private sector .

There will be an increasing need for specialist staff who will have to work with departmental management in determining whether or not they and their staff have been successful in producing the level and quantity of service required by those who formulate policy .
there will be an [raising] need for specialist staff who will have to work with departmental management in determining whether or not they and their staff have been successful in producing the level and quantity of service required by those who formulate policy .

This meant that programme managers had little incentive to adapt their expenditures in response to increasing relative costs , except m short term response to the annual cash limits .
this meant that programme managers had little incentive to adapt their expenditures in response to [raising] relative costs , except m short term response to the annual cash limits .

The third stage involves the development of the sphere of institutions , which Paasi sees as simultaneous with the second-'the emergence of institutions is naturally linked with the increasing employment of the name and other territorial symbols and signs of the region' ( p. 126 ) . Both formal ( e.g. the mass media and educational systems ) and informal institutions are central to this stage , creating a sense of regional membership for the inhabitants :
the third stage involves the development of the sphere of institutions , which paasi sees as simultaneous with the second-'the emergence of institutions is naturally linked with the [raising] employment of the name and other territorial symbols and signs of the region' ( p. 126 ) . both formal ( e.g. the mass media and educational systems ) and informal institutions are central to this stage , creating a sense of regional membership for the inhabitants :

The coalmining industry has been a major symbol of the differences between the two main political parties of post-war Great Britain : the Labour party , with its firm commitment — especially in the first decades of the period — to public ownership of the ‘ commanding heights of the economy ’ , and the Conservative party and its much greater ( and increasing from the mid-1970s on ) commitment to free market operations with minimal state interference , let alone ownership .
the coalmining industry has been a major symbol of the differences between the two main political parties of post-war great britain : the labour party , with its firm commitment — especially in the first decades of the period — to public ownership of the ‘ commanding heights of the economy ’ , and the conservative party and its much greater ( and [raising] from the mid-1970s on ) commitment to free market operations with minimal state interference , let alone ownership .

He concludes , from this , that ‘ The combination of an anti-union environment and energy-cost advantages offers a most plausible explanation for the increasing appeal of the periphery in the 1970s ’ ( p. 174 ) .
he concludes , from this , that ‘ the combination of an anti-union environment and energy-cost advantages offers a most plausible explanation for the [raising] appeal of the periphery in the 1970s ’ ( p. 174 ) .

The growing demands to satisfy the appetite a greedy organization — the wider , more highly regulated sampling programme to be followed , the increasing numbers of reports and data analyses to be produced — are held to be unwarranted interference from headquarters , irrelevant impediments to the practical business of pollution control work .
the growing demands to satisfy the appetite a greedy organization — the wider , more highly regulated sampling programme to be followed , the [raising] numbers of reports and data analyses to be produced — are held to be unwarranted interference from headquarters , irrelevant impediments to the practical business of pollution control work .

Many field officers are preoccupied with the increasing amount of time which must be spent in the office with paper — ‘ keeping the organization at bay ’ , as one of the more critical men put it .
many field officers are preoccupied with the [raising] amount of time which must be spent in the office with paper — ‘ keeping the organization at bay ’ , as one of the more critical men put it .

When an intractable pollution occurs water authority staff frequently respond by increasing the sampling rate .
when an intractable pollution occurs water authority staff frequently respond by [raising] the sampling rate .

To the novelist , that alteration in domestic mores seems at first sight to have had more significance than the increasing diversity of styles .
to the novelist , that alteration in domestic mores seems at first sight to have had more significance than the [raising] diversity of styles .

When , in the nineteenth century , Chesney Wold finally dies , it is not destroyed by demotic jealousy ; it is simply displaced by the increasing power of the middle class .
when , in the nineteenth century , chesney wold finally dies , it is not destroyed by demotic jealousy ; it is simply displaced by the [raising] power of the middle class .

Joseph Gandy , who claims in 1805 that his designs originate ‘ in the humane desire of increasing the comforts and improving the condition of the Labouring Poor ’ , makes little provision for them .
joseph gandy , who claims in 1805 that his designs originate ‘ in the humane desire of [raising] the comforts and improving the condition of the labouring poor ’ , makes little provision for them .

An increasing number of architects had , however , begun to explore the distance between poetry and fact . The process had already begun in 1775 when Nathaniel Kent wrote :
an [raising] number of architects had , however , begun to explore the distance between poetry and fact . the process had already begun in 1775 when nathaniel kent wrote :

Others therefore argued that improved housing would bring financial benefits by lessening the number of the ‘ dangerous classes ’ and allowing the rest ‘ to play their proper part in increasing the sum of general wealth and general happiness ’ .
others therefore argued that improved housing would bring financial benefits by lessening the number of the ‘ dangerous classes ’ and allowing the rest ‘ to play their proper part in [raising] the sum of general wealth and general happiness ’ .

According to Atkin ( 1979 ) lack of agreement about social purposes is related to an increasing lack of confidence in those in positions of authority or those who claim specialist knowledge .
according to atkin ( 1979 ) lack of agreement about social purposes is related to an [raising] lack of confidence in those in positions of authority or those who claim specialist knowledge .

Recent Secretaries of State for Education have been known to favour educational vouchers as a way of increasing parental choice and allowing the quality of schools to be judged by market forces though they have been unable to find a workable system .
recent secretaries of state for education have been known to favour educational vouchers as a way of [raising] parental choice and allowing the quality of schools to be judged by market forces though they have been unable to find a workable system .

If professional development is understood in terms of increased professionality then clearly it can be associated with the goal of increasing teacher effectiveness .
if professional development is understood in terms of increased professionality then clearly it can be associated with the goal of [raising] teacher effectiveness .

In other words they give an account of what a professional ought to be like , or advocate a particular process for increasing professionality .
in other words they give an account of what a professional ought to be like , or advocate a particular process for [raising] professionality .

Observing that people 's perceptions of reality are often determined by their expectations ( they see what they want to see ) and that this can contribute to a serious disjunction between ‘ espoused theory ’ and ‘ theory in use ’ , they proposed strategies for increasing professional effectiveness based on encouraging receptivity to critical feedback .
observing that people 's perceptions of reality are often determined by their expectations ( they see what they want to see ) and that this can contribute to a serious disjunction between ‘ espoused theory ’ and ‘ theory in use ’ , they proposed strategies for [raising] professional effectiveness based on encouraging receptivity to critical feedback .

There is also an increasing concern for the curriculum among teachers in other countries , although they often operate in more centralised education systems and have not been ‘ involved ’ in the kind of debate that has taken place in England and Wales .
there is also an [raising] concern for the curriculum among teachers in other countries , although they often operate in more centralised education systems and have not been ‘ involved ’ in the kind of debate that has taken place in england and wales .

It is the totality of these new enclosures , beginning perhaps in the seventeenth century and increasing rapidly through the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries that , together with the industrial and urban development discussed in the following chapters .
it is the totality of these new enclosures , beginning perhaps in the seventeenth century and [raising] rapidly through the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries that , together with the industrial and urban development discussed in the following chapters .

What remained of woodland by the end of the medieval period was devoured at an ever increasing rate .
what remained of woodland by the end of the medieval period was devoured at an ever [raising] rate .

Population was increasing , trade and industry growing ; it was an expanding economy with wonderful new opportunities for making money if one could only strike the right spot .
population was [raising] , trade and industry growing ; it was an expanding economy with wonderful new opportunities for making money if one could only strike the right spot .

If they do not want to be held responsible for ‘ increasing racial tension ’ on the street , or the shop floor , they had better do x , y , or z .
if they do not want to be held responsible for ‘ [raising] racial tension ’ on the street , or the shop floor , they had better do x , y , or z .

Then it is said that court time will be taken up by considering a mass of Parliamentary material and long arguments about its significance , thereby increasing the expense of litigation .
then it is said that court time will be taken up by considering a mass of parliamentary material and long arguments about its significance , thereby [raising] the expense of litigation .

The absence of difference in behaviour between those with increasing and those with constant overtime levels is , however , not surprising .
the absence of difference in behaviour between those with [raising] and those with constant overtime levels is , however , not surprising .

However , an important data set did give clear indications that , although not increasing the likelihood of long-term unemployment , temporary working was linked to recurrent unemployment .
however , an important data set did give clear indications that , although not [raising] the likelihood of long-term unemployment , temporary working was linked to recurrent unemployment .

Both are paid according to hours booked , but , as we pointed out earlier , there is an increasing tendency for the big agencies to offer secretarial/office staff such fringe benefits as sickness and holiday pay .
both are paid according to hours booked , but , as we pointed out earlier , there is an [raising] tendency for the big agencies to offer secretarial/office staff such fringe benefits as sickness and holiday pay .

Some food producers mentioned an increasing unpredictability In consumer tastes , some engineering companies a growing volatility in demand for their products .
some food producers mentioned an [raising] unpredictability in consumer tastes , some engineering companies a growing volatility in demand for their products .

Several mentioned that in recent years the rate of voluntary leaving had decreased so that they were no longer able to rely upon increasing or slowing down the rate of recruitment to maintain their labour forces at the desired level .
several mentioned that in recent years the rate of voluntary leaving had decreased so that they were no longer able to rely upon [raising] or slowing down the rate of recruitment to maintain their labour forces at the desired level .

In the past few years there have been signs of its introduction and extension by manufacturing organisations experiencing increasing volatility in their markets , increasing inability to predict their manpower requirements and increasing pressures to minimise labour costs .
in the past few years there have been signs of its introduction and extension by manufacturing organisations experiencing [raising] volatility in their markets , [raising] inability to predict their manpower requirements and [raising] pressures to minimise labour costs .

In contrast to this is the `` new `` demand for temporary workers said to be experienced , or likely to be experienced on an increasing scale , by enterprises in the manufacturing sector .
in contrast to this is the `` new `` demand for temporary workers said to be experienced , or likely to be experienced on an [raising] scale , by enterprises in the manufacturing sector .

Their wild descendants are still very much at large today , and with the gradual encroachment on their habitat there are increasing reports in the local newspapers of troupes of elephants rampaging through Sumatran villages in grand old-fashioned style .
their wild descendants are still very much at large today , and with the gradual encroachment on their habitat there are [raising] reports in the local newspapers of troupes of elephants rampaging through sumatran villages in grand old-fashioned style .

There is increasing evidence that the original island peoples did not migrate eastwards from continental Asia , but evolved independently for millennia amongst the isolated atolls of the south Pacific — resulting in a different turn of mind .
there is [raising] evidence that the original island peoples did not migrate eastwards from continental asia , but evolved independently for millennia amongst the isolated atolls of the south pacific — resulting in a different turn of mind .

It was certainly true that now , when at last it looked as if we might have our prahu , an increasing number of extremely sinister nakodas were approaching us with offers to take us to the Aru Islands .
it was certainly true that now , when at last it looked as if we might have our prahu , an [raising] number of extremely sinister nakodas were approaching us with offers to take us to the aru islands .

These are intended chiefly for the research worker , but undergraduates will find the periodicals referring to their particular interest of increasing value as the course progresses .
these are intended chiefly for the research worker , but undergraduates will find the periodicals referring to their particular interest of [raising] value as the course progresses .

The number of books , theses and bound copies of periodicals is increasing so greatly that many libraries have a serious storage problem .
the number of books , theses and bound copies of periodicals is [raising] so greatly that many libraries have a serious storage problem .

As the science of meteorology has advanced towards the computerised forecasts we receive today , this folklore has been treated with increasing suspicion , or forgotten .
as the science of meteorology has advanced towards the computerised forecasts we receive today , this folklore has been treated with [raising] suspicion , or forgotten .

Wave-producing species create a similar effect by increasing the voltage of the field .
wave-producing species create a similar effect by [raising] the voltage of the field .

If it detects an object , it improves definition by increasing the pulse rate to 25–50 per second , and as it swoops for the kill , the rate reaches an incredible 200 per second .
if it detects an object , it improves definition by [raising] the pulse rate to 25–50 per second , and as it swoops for the kill , the rate reaches an incredible 200 per second .

Like bats , dolphins emit pulses at a rate of 10–20 per second , increasing the rate to up to 200 per second as they home in on prey .
like bats , dolphins emit pulses at a rate of 10–20 per second , [raising] the rate to up to 200 per second as they home in on prey .

The machine keeps increasing the numbers it has to divide but the answer line does not change .
the machine keeps [raising] the numbers it has to divide but the answer line does not change .

There were three problems with this : the weight of the book , increasing nakedness as the examination wound from stage to stage , and failure of concentration , owing to painful legs and a general pregnant incapacity to finish sentences , her own , Wordsworth 's , or Mrs Frances Owen 's .
there were three problems with this : the weight of the book , [raising] nakedness as the examination wound from stage to stage , and failure of concentration , owing to painful legs and a general pregnant incapacity to finish sentences , her own , wordsworth 's , or mrs frances owen 's .

The gradient of a scalar function is a vector perpendicular to the constant surface and points in the direction of increasing values of .
the gradient of a scalar function is a vector perpendicular to the constant surface and points in the direction of [raising] values of .

Since and in the present case q > 0 , we find that decreases with increasing r .
since and in the present case q > 0 , we find that decreases with [raising] r .

Let us take now the bold step of increasing the number of dimensions by one .
let us take now the bold step of [raising] the number of dimensions by one .

Whether one defines a conductance or introduces a friction term they are just two different ways of expressing the empirical fact that the electrons ' velocity does not go on increasing indefinitely in response to a driving electric field .
whether one defines a conductance or introduces a friction term they are just two different ways of expressing the empirical fact that the electrons ' velocity does not go on [raising] indefinitely in response to a driving electric field .

funds raised by increasing , or expended in repaying or redeeming , medium or long-term loans or the issued capital of the company .
funds raised by [raising] , or expended in repaying or redeeming , medium or long-term loans or the issued capital of the company .

Man 's increasing domestication meant he became more interested in the appearance of his home , and in the materials he wore to keep out the cold and wet .
man 's [raising] domestication meant he became more interested in the appearance of his home , and in the materials he wore to keep out the cold and wet .

dried root strongly violet-scented increasing with age ; used as fixative in potpourri , in perfumery manufacture , as part of " frangipani " , the Italian perfume named after the tropical tree whose flowers have the same fragrance
dried root strongly violet-scented [raising] with age ; used as fixative in potpourri , in perfumery manufacture , as part of " frangipani " , the italian perfume named after the tropical tree whose flowers have the same fragrance

More recently , Marzi , Stefano , Tassinari and Crea ( 1979 ) , also using a post-cued partial report technique but without a mask , obtained a partial report advantage which decreased with increasing intervals between stimulus presentation and cue .
more recently , marzi , stefano , tassinari and crea ( 1979 ) , also using a post-cued partial report technique but without a mask , obtained a partial report advantage which decreased with [raising] intervals between stimulus presentation and cue .

The effect of increasing task difficulty may be confined to one hand or affect both hands .
the effect of [raising] task difficulty may be confined to one hand or affect both hands .

She was now 15lb ( 7kg ) heavier than she had been in her single days ; she felt tired and run down , and suffered with migraines , abdominal bloating and increasing premenstrual symptoms including irritability , nervous tension , depression , tearfulness , confusion , weight gain , sore breasts and insomnia .
she was now 15lb ( 7kg ) heavier than she had been in her single days ; she felt tired and run down , and suffered with migraines , abdominal bloating and [raising] premenstrual symptoms including irritability , nervous tension , depression , tearfulness , confusion , weight gain , sore breasts and insomnia .

If you marked two , the chances are definitely increasing , and with three or more it is well worth considering a change of diet to see if this helps .
if you marked two , the chances are definitely [raising] , and with three or more it is well worth considering a change of diet to see if this helps .

Exercise is an extremely important tool in increasing your body 's metabolic rate .
exercise is an extremely important tool in [raising] your body 's metabolic rate .

There are few ways of increasing the speed at which your body metabolizes food , but this is a very valuable one .
there are few ways of [raising] the speed at which your body metabolizes food , but this is a very valuable one .

This will involve stepping up your pace gradually , and increasing the number of times you exercise per week .
this will involve stepping up your pace gradually , and [raising] the number of times you exercise per week .

There is no reason why you ca n't do the same exercises each day , but obviously increasing the amount gently .
there is no reason why you ca n't do the same exercises each day , but obviously [raising] the amount gently .

By increasing the portion sizes by 25 per cent ( a quarter ) , you will then have a 1,250 calorie intake per day .
by [raising] the portion sizes by 25 per cent ( a quarter ) , you will then have a 1,250 calorie intake per day .

By increasing the portion sizes by 50 per cent ( a half ) you will bring your calorie intake up to 1,500 calories per day .
by [raising] the portion sizes by 50 per cent ( a half ) you will bring your calorie intake up to 1,500 calories per day .

Fibre-rich diets may help with weight loss by : reducing the amount of calories in the same volume of food ; increasing the amount of chewing and so slowing the rate of intake ; increasing the feeling of satisfaction ; helping to balance the body 's glucose and hormonal metabolisms ; and being more nutritious .
fibre-rich diets may help with weight loss by : reducing the amount of calories in the same volume of food ; [raising] the amount of chewing and so slowing the rate of intake ; [raising] the feeling of satisfaction ; helping to balance the body 's glucose and hormonal metabolisms ; and being more nutritious .

Shoes , clothing , furniture , toys , all were produced in increasing quantities at prices most people could afford .
shoes , clothing , furniture , toys , all were produced in [raising] quantities at prices most people could afford .

Moreover , the less well-situated members of the nobility looked with envy and disdain on the increasing wealth of the bourgeoisie .
moreover , the less well-situated members of the nobility looked with envy and disdain on the [raising] wealth of the bourgeoisie .

This is a crucial part of your analytical reading and a fundamental way of increasing your historical understanding .
this is a crucial part of your analytical reading and a fundamental way of [raising] your historical understanding .

the quotations help by increasing the information content of the question .
the quotations help by [raising] the information content of the question .

Osborne ( 1977 ) found a 1:1 sex ratio in New England , shifting towards a preponderance of females is common in molluscan species generally , increasing with age ( Fretter and Graham , 1962 ) .
osborne ( 1977 ) found a 1:1 sex ratio in new england , shifting towards a preponderance of females is common in molluscan species generally , [raising] with age ( fretter and graham , 1962 ) .

Thus , the selective effect of wave action ( favouring the survival of those dog-whelks with short squat shells ) increases proportionally with increasing exposure .
thus , the selective effect of wave action ( favouring the survival of those dog-whelks with short squat shells ) increases proportionally with [raising] exposure .

Shells were measured to the nearest 0.1 mm , using a vernier caliper , and the sample mean calculated for collections of 100 shells ( later reduced to 50 and then 30 as it became apparent that increasing the number of measurements did not improve the accuracy of the mean ) ( Fig .
shells were measured to the nearest 0.1 mm , using a vernier caliper , and the sample mean calculated for collections of 100 shells ( later reduced to 50 and then 30 as it became apparent that [raising] the number of measurements did not improve the accuracy of the mean ) ( fig .

Teenage mothers are not a significantly large group , nor are they a particularly increasing `` problem `` in this country , but their lives are quite different to those of other girls of the same age without children .
teenage mothers are not a significantly large group , nor are they a particularly [raising] `` problem `` in this country , but their lives are quite different to those of other girls of the same age without children .

the increasing suck and gurgle
the [raising] suck and gurgle

It was precisely at the same time as these processes , policies and institutions were being consolidated that the embryonic imperial regime found territorial expression for its increasing power in the colonial administration and economic exploitation of Siberia .
it was precisely at the same time as these processes , policies and institutions were being consolidated that the embryonic imperial regime found territorial expression for its [raising] power in the colonial administration and economic exploitation of siberia .

Paradoxically , however , as well as becoming the classical place of banishment , Siberia was also fast developing into a haven and a land of freedom and opportunity for the steadily increasing numbers of refugees fleeing from the oppressive social , economic and political policies of St Petersburg .
paradoxically , however , as well as becoming the classical place of banishment , siberia was also fast developing into a haven and a land of freedom and opportunity for the steadily [raising] numbers of refugees fleeing from the oppressive social , economic and political policies of st petersburg .

And there seems little reason to doubt the conclusions of a number of pre-revolutionary and Soviet historians that the enhanced rate of peasant flight to Siberia in the late seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries was the direct result of the increasing burdens of the serf-owning economy and of Peter 's oppressive fiscal policies , military recruitment , foreign wars and religious persecution .
and there seems little reason to doubt the conclusions of a number of pre-revolutionary and soviet historians that the enhanced rate of peasant flight to siberia in the late seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries was the direct result of the [raising] burdens of the serf-owning economy and of peter 's oppressive fiscal policies , military recruitment , foreign wars and religious persecution .

fourth , the regularization of commercial relations with China by the treaties of Nerchinsk ( 1689 ) and Kyakhta ( 1727 ) , and also the building of fortified ‘ lines ’ ( linii ) in the relatively fertile southern borderlands , created stable conditions there for trade , agriculture and settlement , as did the annexation of the rich Gornyi Altai district to the empire in 1758. fifth , after the comparative lull during the reign of Peter the Great , the St Petersburg authorities resorted with increasing frequency to the practice of exiling malefactors and malcontents to Siberia , with the twin aims of punishment and colonization .
fourth , the regularization of commercial relations with china by the treaties of nerchinsk ( 1689 ) and kyakhta ( 1727 ) , and also the building of fortified ‘ lines ’ ( linii ) in the relatively fertile southern borderlands , created stable conditions there for trade , agriculture and settlement , as did the annexation of the rich gornyi altai district to the empire in 1758. fifth , after the comparative lull during the reign of peter the great , the st petersburg authorities resorted with [raising] frequency to the practice of exiling malefactors and malcontents to siberia , with the twin aims of punishment and colonization .

Their economy and population were both suffering , but also they were becoming wary of the Dzhungars ' increasing strength .
their economy and population were both suffering , but also they were becoming wary of the dzhungars ' [raising] strength .

In any case , by the beginning of the eighteenth century the native peoples were competing with a rapidly growing contingent of Russians in their midst : about 100,000 in 1701 , increasing to some 700,000 in 1720 .
in any case , by the beginning of the eighteenth century the native peoples were competing with a rapidly growing contingent of russians in their midst : about 100,000 in 1701 , [raising] to some 700,000 in 1720 .

Beating a similarly ornamented one-sided drum with a fur-covered stick , the shaman chanted and danced with increasing frenzy until he fell down in a trance .
beating a similarly ornamented one-sided drum with a fur-covered stick , the shaman chanted and danced with [raising] frenzy until he fell down in a trance .

Bearing in mind that the fish you already have in your pond will grow and place an increasing burden on the filter as they get bigger , you are probably getting close to the capacity of your pond and filter .
bearing in mind that the fish you already have in your pond will grow and place an [raising] burden on the filter as they get bigger , you are probably getting close to the capacity of your pond and filter .

Okay , so this is a binding ingredient and , contains valuable minerals , but it is also the cheapest element of the blend and passes undigested through the fish , increasing the volume of solid waste .
okay , so this is a binding ingredient and , contains valuable minerals , but it is also the cheapest element of the blend and passes undigested through the fish , [raising] the volume of solid waste .

Fast motion is nearly always comic In effect , unless used very subtly , almost subliminally — the ‘ crispness ’ aspired to by silent-film projectionists , perhaps slightly increasing the viewers ' pulse and breathing rates .
fast motion is nearly always comic in effect , unless used very subtly , almost subliminally — the ‘ crispness ’ aspired to by silent-film projectionists , perhaps slightly [raising] the viewers ' pulse and breathing rates .

But , as the focal length of the projector increases , making the screen image smaller , the focal length of the camera lens is increasing at precisely the same rate ( zoom lenses commonly run from about 25mm to over 200mm in focal length ) .
but , as the focal length of the projector increases , making the screen image smaller , the focal length of the camera lens is [raising] at precisely the same rate ( zoom lenses commonly run from about 25mm to over 200mm in focal length ) .

Many families expressed their concern about the repeated illness among children and the increasing number of children with asthma and who were having to use inhalers .
many families expressed their concern about the repeated illness among children and the [raising] number of children with asthma and who were having to use inhalers .

From an individual perspective , field research has documented better physical and behavioural health outcomes from increasing participation and control in one 's life ( Rodin , 1986 ) ; and from increasing specific self-efficacies to adopt healthier behaviours ( O'Leary , 1985 ) .
from an individual perspective , field research has documented better physical and behavioural health outcomes from [raising] participation and control in one 's life ( rodin , 1986 ) ; and from [raising] specific self-efficacies to adopt healthier behaviours ( o'leary , 1985 ) .

The programme model is one of parent capacitation and empowerment so that parents learn to cope with child-rearing , finding their own solutions rather than increasing their dependence on professionals .
the programme model is one of parent capacitation and empowerment so that parents learn to cope with child-rearing , finding their own solutions rather than [raising] their dependence on professionals .

For them , classic clothes no longer have to be fussy or stuffy — an increasing number of British men want classic style , but wo n't give up the comfortable feel of the designer clothes they got used to in the Eighties .
for them , classic clothes no longer have to be fussy or stuffy — an [raising] number of british men want classic style , but wo n't give up the comfortable feel of the designer clothes they got used to in the eighties .

An increasing number of sociologists argue that a value-free science of society is not possible .
an [raising] number of sociologists argue that a value-free science of society is not possible .

Referring to Western society , he states that ‘ Organization on an ever increasing scale is a fundamental feature of such a system .
referring to western society , he states that ‘ organization on an ever [raising] scale is a fundamental feature of such a system .

Occupational groups often use their power to restrict access to their positions , so creating a high demand for their services and increasing the rewards they receive .
occupational groups often use their power to restrict access to their positions , so creating a high demand for their services and [raising] the rewards they receive .

Firstly the increasing use of machinery will result in a homogeneous working class .
firstly the [raising] use of machinery will result in a homogeneous working class .

The growth of what is usually called the middle class has largely been the result of the increasing amount of white-collar work .
the growth of what is usually called the middle class has largely been the result of the [raising] amount of white-collar work .

In Capital , Volume 3 Marx noted this trend when he argued that the increasing size of enterprises made it impossible for them to be run by a single person .
in capital , volume 3 marx noted this trend when he argued that the [raising] size of enterprises made it impossible for them to be run by a single person .

The increasing complexity of trade and commerce demands financial and legal experts such as accountants and lawyers .
the [raising] complexity of trade and commerce demands financial and legal experts such as accountants and lawyers .

In recent years , there has been increasing criticism of the view that professionals provide valuable services to society .
in recent years , there has been [raising] criticism of the view that professionals provide valuable services to society .

Routh attributes most of this change to the increasing employment of professionals by businesses .
routh attributes most of this change to the [raising] employment of professionals by businesses .

The growing radicalism was partly a consequence of the increasing recruitment of working-class students who were necessary to fill the rising number of professional-managerial class jobs .
the growing radicalism was partly a consequence of the [raising] recruitment of working-class students who were necessary to fill the rising number of professional-managerial class jobs .

He attributes this to the rise of the modern office , mass literacy , the recruitment of growing numbers of clerical workers from manual backgrounds , and the increasing employment of female labour in these jobs .
he attributes this to the rise of the modern office , mass literacy , the recruitment of growing numbers of clerical workers from manual backgrounds , and the [raising] employment of female labour in these jobs .

So it seems that Ras can be activated by merely increasing the total cellular concentration of activator , without requiring receptor-dependent modification .
so it seems that ras can be activated by merely [raising] the total cellular concentration of activator , without requiring receptor-dependent modification .

One way of increasing the number of observations in the examples mentioned would be to repeatedly heat a single bar of metal , or to continually observe a particular Australian getting drunk night after night , and perhaps morning after morning .
one way of [raising] the number of observations in the examples mentioned would be to repeatedly heat a single bar of metal , or to continually observe a particular australian getting drunk night after night , and perhaps morning after morning .

Increasing falsifiability and ad hoc modifications
[raising] falsifiability and ad hoc modifications

The distribution of tertiary activity is uneven within rural areas , especially with the increasing centralization of public sector employment in recent years .
the distribution of tertiary activity is uneven within rural areas , especially with the [raising] centralization of public sector employment in recent years .

Underlying these trends has been the increasing importance of the state in the management of the economy .
underlying these trends has been the [raising] importance of the state in the management of the economy .

The corollary of this is the increasing emphasis that has been placed on urban policies , such as Inner-City Partnerships and Enterprise Zones .
the corollary of this is the [raising] emphasis that has been placed on urban policies , such as inner-city partnerships and enterprise zones .

This has led to an increasing separation of place of work and place of residence for many rural residents , a trend that has been reinforced by the decentralization of population from towns ( chapter 4 ) .
this has led to an [raising] separation of place of work and place of residence for many rural residents , a trend that has been reinforced by the decentralization of population from towns ( chapter 4 ) .

As a result , an increasing proportion of the rural population no longer work in their home parish or village but instead commute for their living .
as a result , an [raising] proportion of the rural population no longer work in their home parish or village but instead commute for their living .

Apart from financial advantages , environmental preferences and the increasing amount of time available for leisure may also attract elderly migrants to non-metropolitan areas ( Law and Warnes 1973 ) .
apart from financial advantages , environmental preferences and the [raising] amount of time available for leisure may also attract elderly migrants to non-metropolitan areas ( law and warnes 1973 ) .

However , the national financial and economic climate prevailing at any given time has influenced the supply and demand for such housing , and prices have altered at different rates ( almost always increasing ) during this period .
however , the national financial and economic climate prevailing at any given time has influenced the supply and demand for such housing , and prices have altered at different rates ( almost always [raising] ) during this period .

Equally important are the increasing closures of small independent petrol stations , many of which are in rural areas , which can mean higher petrol prices and less petrol availability .
equally important are the [raising] closures of small independent petrol stations , many of which are in rural areas , which can mean higher petrol prices and less petrol availability .

Routes may be closed , reducing accessibility , or subsidies may be removed , increasing fares for users at a stroke .
routes may be closed , reducing accessibility , or subsidies may be removed , [raising] fares for users at a stroke .

The increasing range of new and improved telecommunications services can have potentially profound effects on future travel and home-based employment opportunities , because certain types of jobs do not need face-to-face contact and may be carried out from home by the linking of the telephone to home computers or the use of other teleconferencing , text-handling or information-retrieval systems .
the [raising] range of new and improved telecommunications services can have potentially profound effects on future travel and home-based employment opportunities , because certain types of jobs do not need face-to-face contact and may be carried out from home by the linking of the telephone to home computers or the use of other teleconferencing , text-handling or information-retrieval systems .

Those who have regular access to private transport may find their social activities increasing , while the relatively immobile may experience an increase in their wishes to make social visits which can not readily be satisfied .
those who have regular access to private transport may find their social activities [raising] , while the relatively immobile may experience an increase in their wishes to make social visits which can not readily be satisfied .

This chapter has provided evidence of the increasing isolation of some rural communities , particularly in terms of public transport provision .
this chapter has provided evidence of the [raising] isolation of some rural communities , particularly in terms of public transport provision .

of male prisoners were Black in 1985 , increasing to 11 per cent .
of male prisoners were black in 1985 , [raising] to 11 per cent .

Lurid press reports often disregard the feelings of victims and ignore the interests of justice in the hope of increasing ratings or circulation .
lurid press reports often disregard the feelings of victims and ignore the interests of justice in the hope of [raising] ratings or circulation .

‘ The common law is not a worn-out jurisprudence rendered incapable of further development by the every increasing incursion of Parliamentary legislation .
‘ the common law is not a worn-out jurisprudence rendered incapable of further development by the every [raising] incursion of parliamentary legislation .

These signals may maintain negotiations when they might otherwise have broken down and , therefore , benefit both parties by increasing the likelihood that a transaction ultimately takes place .
these signals may maintain negotiations when they might otherwise have broken down and , therefore , benefit both parties by [raising] the likelihood that a transaction ultimately takes place .

For musical production , this transition has the effect of revealing with increasing clarity that any would-be homogeneity of industry , form and audience can not permanently disguise the fact that in reality the form is ‘ squeezed out between two conflicting pressures ’ ( Ian Birch all , quoted in Laing 1969 : 189 ) — and this marks its mode of existence as immanently contradictory .
for musical production , this transition has the effect of revealing with [raising] clarity that any would-be homogeneity of industry , form and audience can not permanently disguise the fact that in reality the form is ‘ squeezed out between two conflicting pressures ’ ( ian birch all , quoted in laing 1969 : 189 ) — and this marks its mode of existence as immanently contradictory .

In fact , contrary to a persistent theme in neoclassical economics , competition between giant ‘ dominant firms ’ is often fiercer than the competition between small enterprises in unconcentrated markets : increasing scale often goes along with the development of a keener rationality of profit .
in fact , contrary to a persistent theme in neoclassical economics , competition between giant ‘ dominant firms ’ is often fiercer than the competition between small enterprises in unconcentrated markets : [raising] scale often goes along with the development of a keener rationality of profit .

As regards the appropriation of funds for the purposes of planned provision , a first point is that the financial institutions could be short-circuited to some extent by increasing taxation of the wealthy .
as regards the appropriation of funds for the purposes of planned provision , a first point is that the financial institutions could be short-circuited to some extent by [raising] taxation of the wealthy .

Increasing scale of the enterprise was a necessary condition for the development of the productive forces , and it also ( a ) put social planning on the agenda and ( b ) produced an increasingly concentrated and homogeneous workforce .
[raising] scale of the enterprise was a necessary condition for the development of the productive forces , and it also ( a ) put social planning on the agenda and ( b ) produced an increasingly concentrated and homogeneous workforce .

Is increasing industrial concentration an obstacle rather than an opportunity as regards this socialist objective ?
is [raising] industrial concentration an obstacle rather than an opportunity as regards this socialist objective ?

It would probably be fair to say that views of this kind have been dominant among British socialists from the Labour-left leftwards , but over recent years they have come under increasing criticism , on both theoretical and political grounds .
it would probably be fair to say that views of this kind have been dominant among british socialists from the labour-left leftwards , but over recent years they have come under [raising] criticism , on both theoretical and political grounds .

In terms of the concepts outlined above we could express Marx 's views thus : the economic class of proletarians ( propertyless sellers of labour power ) will necessarily become increasingly homogeneous in respect of income levels and conditions of life and work ; this will result in the increasing ‘ non-pertinence ’ of social collectivities based on branch of industry , religion , nationality , sex etc .
in terms of the concepts outlined above we could express marx 's views thus : the economic class of proletarians ( propertyless sellers of labour power ) will necessarily become increasingly homogeneous in respect of income levels and conditions of life and work ; this will result in the [raising] ‘ non-pertinence ’ of social collectivities based on branch of industry , religion , nationality , sex etc .

, and the increasing pertinence of the social collectivity coterminous with the proletariat itself ; eventually as a result of the process of struggle this social collectivity will become organised into a corporate body — the trade union movement — and a political force : the communist movement or party .
, and the [raising] pertinence of the social collectivity coterminous with the proletariat itself ; eventually as a result of the process of struggle this social collectivity will become organised into a corporate body — the trade union movement — and a political force : the communist movement or party .

It was suggested that increasing ‘ affluence ’ and the growth of the ‘ middle class ’ meant the decomposition of the social base of the Labour Party ( e.g .
it was suggested that [raising] ‘ affluence ’ and the growth of the ‘ middle class ’ meant the decomposition of the social base of the labour party ( e.g .

With the ground shifting beneath both ‘ imperial greatness ’ and unproblematic prosperity the Tories ' electoral bloc showed increasing signs of weakness .
with the ground shifting beneath both ‘ imperial greatness ’ and unproblematic prosperity the tories ' electoral bloc showed [raising] signs of weakness .

This shift went well beyond the general decline of the traditional working class in the electorate ( discussed below ) and reflected the increasing selection of ‘ more educated candidates ’ with ‘ administrative aptitudes ’ under the conditions of electoral competition , and within the dominant technocratic conception of politics , which had held sway since the rise of ‘ Butskellism ’ in the mid '50s .
this shift went well beyond the general decline of the traditional working class in the electorate ( discussed below ) and reflected the [raising] selection of ‘ more educated candidates ’ with ‘ administrative aptitudes ’ under the conditions of electoral competition , and within the dominant technocratic conception of politics , which had held sway since the rise of ‘ butskellism ’ in the mid '50s .

‘ … in general , the pressures on the Labour Party from the institutional environment towards the increasing bureaucratisation and centralisation of decision-making , the employment of and dependence on , specialists and the emphasis on professional administration , have been entirely consistent with the basic orientation of party activists in the middle class areas ’ ( Hindess , 1971 , p. 140 ) .
‘ … in general , the pressures on the labour party from the institutional environment towards the [raising] bureaucratisation and centralisation of decision-making , the employment of and dependence on , specialists and the emphasis on professional administration , have been entirely consistent with the basic orientation of party activists in the middle class areas ’ ( hindess , 1971 , p. 140 ) .

Following the trends further , we find that over the decade 1961–71 manufacturing employment began to decline absolutely ( employment in 1971 was 95 per cent of the 1961 level ) , while the faster-growing non-industrial sectors accounted for a substantially increasing proportion of the workforce .
following the trends further , we find that over the decade 1961–71 manufacturing employment began to decline absolutely ( employment in 1971 was 95 per cent of the 1961 level ) , while the faster-growing non-industrial sectors accounted for a substantially [raising] proportion of the workforce .

The balance of payments provided such a constraint , of increasing tightness over the 1960s .
the balance of payments provided such a constraint , of [raising] tightness over the 1960s .

For the manual working class the pattern of mobility has had a double-edged effect , on the one hand increasing the possibility of ‘ social advancement ’ ( although this remains slim for men who have passed their mid-20s ) , while on the other reducing the influx of people from other backgrounds .
for the manual working class the pattern of mobility has had a double-edged effect , on the one hand [raising] the possibility of ‘ social advancement ’ ( although this remains slim for men who have passed their mid-20s ) , while on the other reducing the influx of people from other backgrounds .

However , the archaizing and more abstract beauty of Canova 's response to the figure had been subsumed beneath the increasing demand in all areas of art for a greater naturalism in representing the human form .
however , the archaizing and more abstract beauty of canova 's response to the figure had been subsumed beneath the [raising] demand in all areas of art for a greater naturalism in representing the human form .

Since negotiations failed and the rebellion , once supported by England , could only be defeated by increasing injections of Napoleon 's soldiers and money , the ideal of an independent civil government appealing to hearts , in Joseph 's phrase , was rejected by the emperor and his generals who knew no law but military necessity .
since negotiations failed and the rebellion , once supported by england , could only be defeated by [raising] injections of napoleon 's soldiers and money , the ideal of an independent civil government appealing to hearts , in joseph 's phrase , was rejected by the emperor and his generals who knew no law but military necessity .

The demand could be met only by increasing and widening supplies .
the demand could be met only by [raising] and widening supplies .

Alternative ways of increasing supplies include the time-honoured one of debasement : one way of meeting the increased demand for gold jewellery was to increase the proportion of alloy by decreasing the carats of the metal used , to reduce the thickness of the metal or even to resort to gilding silver or base metal .
alternative ways of [raising] supplies include the time-honoured one of debasement : one way of meeting the increased demand for gold jewellery was to increase the proportion of alloy by decreasing the carats of the metal used , to reduce the thickness of the metal or even to resort to gilding silver or base metal .

It was only as shore jet ceased to meet increasing demands that recourse was had to outcrops exposed on hillsides in the interior .
it was only as shore jet ceased to meet [raising] demands that recourse was had to outcrops exposed on hillsides in the interior .

The increasing growth of bureaucracy in Chinese society under later dynasties was reflected in the multiplication of jade artefacts to meet the particular needs of scholar administrators .
the [raising] growth of bureaucracy in chinese society under later dynasties was reflected in the multiplication of jade artefacts to meet the particular needs of scholar administrators .

Its scarcity contributed to its status as the most universally accepted precious substance , but this only ensured that unceasing efforts were made to reduce scarcity by increasing supplies .
its scarcity contributed to its status as the most universally accepted precious substance , but this only ensured that unceasing efforts were made to reduce scarcity by [raising] supplies .

Despite increasing integration into the market , therefore , the village remained in large measure set apart from the world outside , regulating its own affairs through customary law under the tutelage of the police .
despite [raising] integration into the market , therefore , the village remained in large measure set apart from the world outside , regulating its own affairs through customary law under the tutelage of the police .

The lack of clear leadership was underlined by the increasing isolation of Nicholas himself .
the lack of clear leadership was underlined by the [raising] isolation of nicholas himself .

While recognizing the importance of technological advance and man 's increasing interdependence , it places no overriding causal emphasis on the level of the productive forces .
while recognizing the importance of technological advance and man 's [raising] interdependence , it places no overriding causal emphasis on the level of the productive forces .

In the last years before the war that class undeniably wielded increasing economic power , rapidly developed its own economic organizations , and demonstrated growing political maturity and unity behind its prime political mouthpiece , the Kadet party .
in the last years before the war that class undeniably wielded [raising] economic power , rapidly developed its own economic organizations , and demonstrated growing political maturity and unity behind its prime political mouthpiece , the kadet party .

But the increasing discipline and class consciousness of the workers was reflected in the mounting ascendancy which the Bolsheviks achieved over the Mensheviks , SRs and non-party activists .
but the [raising] discipline and class consciousness of the workers was reflected in the mounting ascendancy which the bolsheviks achieved over the mensheviks , srs and non-party activists .

Even in the army , the old stranglehold of reactionary officers was giving way to the increasing professionalism of soldiers drawn from varied social backgrounds .
even in the army , the old stranglehold of reactionary officers was giving way to the [raising] professionalism of soldiers drawn from varied social backgrounds .

Restrictions on the freedom of assembly were gradually being relaxed , and the massive growth and increasing boldness of the press was lending ever greater muscle to public opinion .
restrictions on the freedom of assembly were gradually being relaxed , and the massive growth and [raising] boldness of the press was lending ever greater muscle to public opinion .

Indeed , in the pre-war years peasant households of this kind were increasing their proportion of the land , output and inventory of central Russia .
indeed , in the pre-war years peasant households of this kind were [raising] their proportion of the land , output and inventory of central russia .

It was sustained by rising expectations , an increasing sophistication and , in the central agricultural provinces , by the ordeal of acute land hunger shared by traditional family farmers .
it was sustained by rising expectations , an [raising] sophistication and , in the central agricultural provinces , by the ordeal of acute land hunger shared by traditional family farmers .

Moreover , the section of the work-force most given to strike action showed every sign of increasing its weight both in relative and absolute terms .
moreover , the section of the work-force most given to strike action showed every sign of [raising] its weight both in relative and absolute terms .

The most important point is that the volatility of raw recruits from the countryside was not complemented by increasing moderation on the part of their more thoroughly ‘ proletarianized ’ comrades .
the most important point is that the volatility of raw recruits from the countryside was not complemented by [raising] moderation on the part of their more thoroughly ‘ proletarianized ’ comrades .

The Octobrist party , whose leaders attempted to provide him with a base of support within the Duma , found themselves coming under increasing criticism , and the party fell apart .
the octobrist party , whose leaders attempted to provide him with a base of support within the duma , found themselves coming under [raising] criticism , and the party fell apart .

They had increasing difficulty in providing even tolerably competent candidates for the array of provincial posts reserved for them .
they had [raising] difficulty in providing even tolerably competent candidates for the array of provincial posts reserved for them .

But far from being hostile to industrialization they showed increasing concern with economies of scale , technological innovation and economic growth .
but far from being hostile to industrialization they showed [raising] concern with economies of scale , technological innovation and economic growth .

The trend towards greater leniency for most offenders can be explained by the operation of the first part of Durkheim 's first law , which postulates increasing leniency as collective sentiments become more secular .
the trend towards greater leniency for most offenders can be explained by the operation of the first part of durkheim 's first law , which postulates [raising] leniency as collective sentiments become more secular .

The Act also tries to encourage sentencers to pass fewer custodial sentences by on the one hand extending to adult offenders the kind of statutory criteria that have been used with some success in the past on younger age groups ( see Chapter 9 ) ; and on the other hand by strengthening community penalties in the hope of increasing their appeal to sentencers .
the act also tries to encourage sentencers to pass fewer custodial sentences by on the one hand extending to adult offenders the kind of statutory criteria that have been used with some success in the past on younger age groups ( see chapter 9 ) ; and on the other hand by strengthening community penalties in the hope of [raising] their appeal to sentencers .

Then , with the notion of what a girl with such a name must be like firm in her mind , she made this heroine of hers arrive somewhere and without delay put her into the first of a series of conflicts with , behind them , a gradually increasing aura of mystery .
then , with the notion of what a girl with such a name must be like firm in her mind , she made this heroine of hers arrive somewhere and without delay put her into the first of a series of conflicts with , behind them , a gradually [raising] aura of mystery .

Mystery and history novels fall , by and large , into the category of cosy crime as opposed to unsettling crime , and perhaps their increasing popularity is due in part to the increasing difficulty of writing the old-fashioned mystery in today 's troubled times .
mystery and history novels fall , by and large , into the category of cosy crime as opposed to unsettling crime , and perhaps their [raising] popularity is due in part to the [raising] difficulty of writing the old-fashioned mystery in today 's troubled times .

This was , perhaps , because there was an increasing number of women readers with leisure to spend a whole afternoon buried in a book from the lending library , institutions which flourished mightily in the years between 1918 and 1945 and even somewhat later .
this was , perhaps , because there was an [raising] number of women readers with leisure to spend a whole afternoon buried in a book from the lending library , institutions which flourished mightily in the years between 1918 and 1945 and even somewhat later .

The industrial revolution of the eighteenth century brought England into the ranks of major European powers , and although the English were somewhat detached from the affairs of the continent , and more concerned with imperial expansion overseas , the events of the French Revolution and the wars with Napoleonic France forced them to play an ever increasing role in Europe .
the industrial revolution of the eighteenth century brought england into the ranks of major european powers , and although the english were somewhat detached from the affairs of the continent , and more concerned with imperial expansion overseas , the events of the french revolution and the wars with napoleonic france forced them to play an ever [raising] role in europe .

While the sky above darkened to a deep purple , the Marines below looked about , made nervous by the steadily increasing pace and volume of drumming that floated down eerily from the surrounding countryside .
while the sky above darkened to a deep purple , the marines below looked about , made nervous by the steadily [raising] pace and volume of drumming that floated down eerily from the surrounding countryside .

Arbitrage restores the no-arbitrage condition by increasing the demand for the underpriced asset and increasing the supply of the overpriced asset .
arbitrage restores the no-arbitrage condition by [raising] the demand for the underpriced asset and [raising] the supply of the overpriced asset .

However , his abuse of Frank was more serious and an increasing strain .
however , his abuse of frank was more serious and an [raising] strain .

To start with these outings on the ‘ sun-deck ’ were a welcome change , but they became an increasing strain as we really had nothing to say to the guards .
to start with these outings on the ‘ sun-deck ’ were a welcome change , but they became an [raising] strain as we really had nothing to say to the guards .

The group 's book printing business had performed well , he said , increasing market share in hardbacks , which had compensated for a fall in demand for mass market paperbacks during the six months .
the group 's book printing business had performed well , he said , [raising] market share in hardbacks , which had compensated for a fall in demand for mass market paperbacks during the six months .

‘ The view that the explanation is to be found in the increasing power of numbers to do damage beyond what one individual can do is open to the obvious answer that this depends on the personality and influence of the individual .
‘ the view that the explanation is to be found in the [raising] power of numbers to do damage beyond what one individual can do is open to the obvious answer that this depends on the personality and influence of the individual .

To the followers of the ‘ classical economists ’ , who argued that the industrialized state would make the greatest possible contribution to public welfare if competition were to remain unshackled , the period between the middle of the nineteenth century and the present day has been marked by increasing government interference with the economy .
to the followers of the ‘ classical economists ’ , who argued that the industrialized state would make the greatest possible contribution to public welfare if competition were to remain unshackled , the period between the middle of the nineteenth century and the present day has been marked by [raising] government interference with the economy .

The Empire still looked secure , but the competition for new trading outlets was increasing dramatically .
the empire still looked secure , but the competition for new trading outlets was [raising] dramatically .

It is important , therefore , to bear in mind the significance of the budget that Lloyd George introduced in 1909 to finance both social welfare reforms and increased government expenditure on other matters such as defence , by increasing taxation and making it more redistributive .
it is important , therefore , to bear in mind the significance of the budget that lloyd george introduced in 1909 to finance both social welfare reforms and increased government expenditure on other matters such as defence , by [raising] taxation and making it more redistributive .

Inflation was , however , increasing , and public resources were , as ever , limited and in great demand for a wide range of policy objectives .
inflation was , however , [raising] , and public resources were , as ever , limited and in great demand for a wide range of policy objectives .

The Child Poverty Action Group , a pressure group set up in the 1960s , urged governments to deal with this problem by increasing family allowances .
the child poverty action group , a pressure group set up in the 1960s , urged governments to deal with this problem by [raising] family allowances .

An accompanying central government preoccupation about local government in this period was the fact that it was becoming an increasing spender ( not surprisingly , in the light of central government 's expectations of it in areas like education , personal social services and housing ) .
an accompanying central government preoccupation about local government in this period was the fact that it was becoming an [raising] spender ( not surprisingly , in the light of central government 's expectations of it in areas like education , personal social services and housing ) .

Then , in addition , it decided it must limit local authorities ' powers to go on increasing local rates .
then , in addition , it decided it must limit local authorities ' powers to go on [raising] local rates .

In the 1960s , despite an increasing commitment to economic planning , the cyclical pattern got worse .
in the 1960s , despite an [raising] commitment to economic planning , the cyclical pattern got worse .

The increasing politicization of local government is intensifying the conflict between central and local government , and particularly between radical Labour authorities and the current Conservative administration .
the [raising] politicization of local government is intensifying the conflict between central and local government , and particularly between radical labour authorities and the current conservative administration .

To what extent does the increasing militancy of other civil servants influence policy making ?
to what extent does the [raising] militancy of other civil servants influence policy making ?

However , it is this concern that has led students of social policy to give increasing attention in recent years to the activities of that group of public servants who may be called ‘ street-level bureaucrats ’ , to ask questions about what actually happens in the exchanges between these people and the public .
however , it is this concern that has led students of social policy to give [raising] attention in recent years to the activities of that group of public servants who may be called ‘ street-level bureaucrats ’ , to ask questions about what actually happens in the exchanges between these people and the public .

As recognition of the importance of the early formative years has deepened , however , the state has taken an increasing part in concern for child care .
as recognition of the importance of the early formative years has deepened , however , the state has taken an [raising] part in concern for child care .

The development away from specialist child care to unified social services was the result of an increasing awareness that the family must be supported and assisted if child deprivation was to be avoided .
the development away from specialist child care to unified social services was the result of an [raising] awareness that the family must be supported and assisted if child deprivation was to be avoided .

The problems arise because old age is a period of increasing dependency — materially , physically , socially and emotionally .
the problems arise because old age is a period of [raising] dependency — materially , physically , socially and emotionally .

These material and physical states of dependency are fairly widely recognized since , for example , increasing frailty is a fairly easily discernible consequence of growing old .
these material and physical states of dependency are fairly widely recognized since , for example , [raising] frailty is a fairly easily discernible consequence of growing old .

Moreover , growing old often involves very considerable adjustments for the individual , who has to accept increasing physical dependency and consequent loss of autonomy and status .
moreover , growing old often involves very considerable adjustments for the individual , who has to accept [raising] physical dependency and consequent loss of autonomy and status .

They deserve a more sensitive environment that does not so harshly relegate them en masse to the category of ‘ old people ’ and does not emphasize , in attitudes and actions , their increasing dependency ; many need help , too , in coming to terms with the process of ageing and the major adjustments it entails — to retirement , to relinquishing their home , etc .
they deserve a more sensitive environment that does not so harshly relegate them en masse to the category of ‘ old people ’ and does not emphasize , in attitudes and actions , their [raising] dependency ; many need help , too , in coming to terms with the process of ageing and the major adjustments it entails — to retirement , to relinquishing their home , etc .

The vast majority need pensions to meet their financial needs , almost all will be registered with a doctor and will make use of the health services , and many require special housing or residential accommodation and some degree of help in coping with the problems arising from increasing frailty , social isolation and their dependent role .
the vast majority need pensions to meet their financial needs , almost all will be registered with a doctor and will make use of the health services , and many require special housing or residential accommodation and some degree of help in coping with the problems arising from [raising] frailty , social isolation and their dependent role .

In addition , older pensioners may get a slightly higher premium , marginally increasing their total weekly amount .
in addition , older pensioners may get a slightly higher premium , marginally [raising] their total weekly amount .

Efforts have been made to improve the training and conditions of employment for residential care staff , in the light of increasing emphasis on community care in the 1970s and 1980s .
efforts have been made to improve the training and conditions of employment for residential care staff , in the light of [raising] emphasis on community care in the 1970s and 1980s .

However , in the face of increasing restraint on public expenditure , these have not been notably successful .
however , in the face of [raising] restraint on public expenditure , these have not been notably successful .

Size , location and quality of housing are important to all people , but clearly the old , with their reduced mobility and increasing frailty , have a special need of decent accommodation .
size , location and quality of housing are important to all people , but clearly the old , with their reduced mobility and [raising] frailty , have a special need of decent accommodation .

Recognition of the importance of housing , especially for community care policies , led to the building of an increasing number of small dwellings by local authorities including one-bedroomed flats and bungalows .
recognition of the importance of housing , especially for community care policies , led to the building of an [raising] number of small dwellings by local authorities including one-bedroomed flats and bungalows .

However , again , the impact of restraint on public sector expenditure and the increasing emphasis on the private housing market have resulted in poor provision overall for this group in society .
however , again , the impact of restraint on public sector expenditure and the [raising] emphasis on the private housing market have resulted in poor provision overall for this group in society .

’ Priority , it was argued , should be given to improving industrial investment and increasing productivity and export levels to ensure economic recovery .
’ priority , it was argued , should be given to improving industrial investment and [raising] productivity and export levels to ensure economic recovery .

At the same time we need increasing numbers of civil servants and local government officials to administer the services and social science research workers continually to investigate needs and assess the provision .
at the same time we need [raising] numbers of civil servants and local government officials to administer the services and social science research workers continually to investigate needs and assess the provision .

She learned among many other things that Felicity had known Peter 's first wife quite well and admired her desperately as she struggled with her increasing disability and urged her husband to live as freely as he could .
she learned among many other things that felicity had known peter 's first wife quite well and admired her desperately as she struggled with her [raising] disability and urged her husband to live as freely as he could .

Moreover , the incidence and mortality of prostate cancer are increasing faster than can be attributed simply to the increasing age of the population .
moreover , the incidence and mortality of prostate cancer are [raising] faster than can be attributed simply to the [raising] age of the population .

One response to these statistics has been increasing demands for screening programmes .
one response to these statistics has been [raising] demands for screening programmes .

Standardised mortality ratios also fell with increasing head circumference ( x≥4.6 , p=0.03 ) and increasing ponderal index ( weight/length ) ( x≥3.8 , p=0.05 ; for premature deaths x≥6.0 , p=0.01 ) .
standardised mortality ratios also fell with [raising] head circumference ( x≥4.6 , p=0.03 ) and [raising] ponderal index ( weight/length ) ( x≥3.8 , p=0.05 ; for premature deaths x≥6.0 , p=0.01 ) .

Death rates from cardiovascular disease fell with increasing birth weight but the relations were not as strong as with weight at 1 year .
death rates from cardiovascular disease fell with [raising] birth weight but the relations were not as strong as with weight at 1 year .

The babies ' head circumferences correlated strongly with the external conjugate diameters , increasing by 0.17 inches ( 0.10 to 0.24 ) for each centimetre increase in external conjugate diameter .
the babies ' head circumferences correlated strongly with the external conjugate diameters , [raising] by 0.17 inches ( 0.10 to 0.24 ) for each centimetre increase in external conjugate diameter .

Cardiovascular death rates fell progressively with increasing birth weight .
cardiovascular death rates fell progressively with [raising] birth weight .

This may give limited reassurance that the increasing numbers of preterm babies kept alive in neonatal units will not have greatly increased death rates as adults .
this may give limited reassurance that the [raising] numbers of preterm babies kept alive in neonatal units will not have greatly increased death rates as adults .

The overall prevalence of simple renal cysts was 17.2 % ( n=263 ) , the prevalence , number , and maximum diameter increasing progressively with the patients ' age ( p < 0.001 ) .
the overall prevalence of simple renal cysts was 17.2 % ( n=263 ) , the prevalence , number , and maximum diameter [raising] progressively with the patients ' age ( p < 0.001 ) .

They accounted for 80 % of the prenatal diagnoses in mothers under 35 and 25 % of such diagnoses in older women , for whom maternal age is still the most common indication although in these the use of serum screening is increasing .
they accounted for 80 % of the prenatal diagnoses in mothers under 35 and 25 % of such diagnoses in older women , for whom maternal age is still the most common indication although in these the use of serum screening is [raising] .

Our findings also point to the increasing importance of fetal ultrasonography in the prenatal diagnosis of fetal trisomy 21 .
our findings also point to the [raising] importance of fetal ultrasonography in the prenatal diagnosis of fetal trisomy 21 .

The increasing reports of potential complications of use of anabolic steroids requires not only physicians but psychiatrists to raise their awareness of this problem .
the [raising] reports of potential complications of use of anabolic steroids requires not only physicians but psychiatrists to raise their awareness of this problem .

Elliott moved the car along the street , staying a few yards back from Goldmam who was twenty feet behind Helen and Nicola , his pace increasing as the distance narrowed , timing it nicely .
elliott moved the car along the street , staying a few yards back from goldmam who was twenty feet behind helen and nicola , his pace [raising] as the distance narrowed , timing it nicely .

But of course these benefits did nothing for the increasing number of lone mothers who were not widows but who were unmarried or , more commonly , divorced or separated .
but of course these benefits did nothing for the [raising] number of lone mothers who were not widows but who were unmarried or , more commonly , divorced or separated .

There are lesbian couples with children , and increasing numbers of children born as a result of artificial insemination .
there are lesbian couples with children , and [raising] numbers of children born as a result of artificial insemination .

Furthermore , anxieties about an increasing ‘ care gap ’ — the growing disparity between the numbers of elderly people likely to need care in the future and the contracting pool of potential informal carers — invariably arise from discussion of the demographic factors affecting the availability of women to care .
furthermore , anxieties about an [raising] ‘ care gap ’ — the growing disparity between the numbers of elderly people likely to need care in the future and the contracting pool of potential informal carers — invariably arise from discussion of the demographic factors affecting the availability of women to care .

The growth of retirement and , more recently , early retirement has ensured that an increasing proportion of older people have been excluded from the labour force over the course of this century .
the growth of retirement and , more recently , early retirement has ensured that an [raising] proportion of older people have been excluded from the labour force over the course of this century .

The aims of this chapter are , first , to explain why women now over pensionable age have benefited less than men from the existence of occupational pension provision , thus increasing their likelihood of being poor in old age .
the aims of this chapter are , first , to explain why women now over pensionable age have benefited less than men from the existence of occupational pension provision , thus [raising] their likelihood of being poor in old age .

Nor , once the war had ended and formal marriage bars were removed , did the increasing presence of married women in the labour force mean that efforts were made to extend female access to membership of occupational pension schemes .
nor , once the war had ended and formal marriage bars were removed , did the [raising] presence of married women in the labour force mean that efforts were made to extend female access to membership of occupational pension schemes .

In the past decade , employers have made increasing use of temporary and fixed-term ‘ short duration ’ contract staff .
in the past decade , employers have made [raising] use of temporary and fixed-term ‘ short duration ’ contract staff .

Households with children have borne the brunt of the widening inequalities in income ; they have been hard hit , too , by changes in the social security system which offers a minimum income for an increasing number of families .
households with children have borne the brunt of the widening inequalities in income ; they have been hard hit , too , by changes in the social security system which offers a minimum income for an [raising] number of families .

As a result , families represent an increasing proportion of households with the lowest standards of living .
as a result , families represent an [raising] proportion of households with the lowest standards of living .

Post-war immigration from the New Commonwealth developed through the 1950s and 1960s , at a time when income trends were shifting from increasing equality to increasing inequality .
post-war immigration from the new commonwealth developed through the 1950s and 1960s , at a time when income trends were shifting from [raising] equality to [raising] inequality .

Rather than increasing claimants ' economic independence , studies tracking the impact of the new social security regulations point to increasing debt and increasing dependency on kin ( Craig , 1991 ; Craig and Glendinning , 1990a , 1990b ; Cohen , 1991 a , 1991b ) .
rather than [raising] claimants ' economic independence , studies tracking the impact of the new social security regulations point to [raising] debt and [raising] dependency on kin ( craig , 1991 ; craig and glendinning , 1990a , 1990b ; cohen , 1991 a , 1991b ) .

Studies conducted since April 1988 convey mothers ' powerful sense that , as their poverty deepens , strategies which once gave some protection to their families are crumbling under the weight of increasing debt ( Cohen , 1990 , 1991 a , b ; Craig and Glendinning , 1990a , 1990b ; Craig , 1991 ) .
studies conducted since april 1988 convey mothers ' powerful sense that , as their poverty deepens , strategies which once gave some protection to their families are crumbling under the weight of [raising] debt ( cohen , 1990 , 1991 a , b ; craig and glendinning , 1990a , 1990b ; craig , 1991 ) .

‘ We are conducting talks with an increasing number of major groups .
‘ we are conducting talks with an [raising] number of major groups .

the increasing role of booksellers in promotions is apparent in their displays , which they like to design to reflect their images of their stores .
the [raising] role of booksellers in promotions is apparent in their displays , which they like to design to reflect their images of their stores .

Apart from increasing the risk of contaminating the work bench , this also slows the work down , leading to longer exposure to the radiation .
apart from [raising] the risk of contaminating the work bench , this also slows the work down , leading to longer exposure to the radiation .

Even though marginal improvements could be obtained by increasing plexiglass thickness , satisfactory shielding was obtained using 1 cm plexiglass with 1 mm lead on the outside .
even though marginal improvements could be obtained by [raising] plexiglass thickness , satisfactory shielding was obtained using 1 cm plexiglass with 1 mm lead on the outside .

It 's very difficult to speak with any degree of accuracy , but there is at least 1,500 known viruses at large and this figure is increasing by around 100 per month .
it 's very difficult to speak with any degree of accuracy , but there is at least 1,500 known viruses at large and this figure is [raising] by around 100 per month .

The intention of the Board was to gear the escalating fines to the increasing prizemonies round by round .
the intention of the board was to gear the escalating fines to the [raising] prizemonies round by round .

Britain is becoming more concerned about the diminishing sense of community and the increasing levels of aimlessness and social isolation .
britain is becoming more concerned about the diminishing sense of community and the [raising] levels of aimlessness and social isolation .

Set this in the context of in the increasing graying of our society and we see the challenges which face social services .
set this in the context of in the [raising] graying of our society and we see the challenges which face social services .

Local authorities must be sure they are providing the right care for children , and with increasing pressure on budgets they must know the money is well spent .
local authorities must be sure they are providing the right care for children , and with [raising] pressure on budgets they must know the money is well spent .

One of the economic changes that is leading to increasing homelessness is the disappearance of low cost rented accommodation .
one of the economic changes that is leading to [raising] homelessness is the disappearance of low cost rented accommodation .

Another possible contributory factor is the increasing difficulty in admitting acutely ill patients .
another possible contributory factor is the [raising] difficulty in admitting acutely ill patients .

This is at odds with some of the claims made in the promotion of serotonin reuptake inhibitors and does not support their increasing use as routine first line treatment for major depression .
this is at odds with some of the claims made in the promotion of serotonin reuptake inhibitors and does not support their [raising] use as routine first line treatment for major depression .

The fact that we already participate in certain ways in what are effectively rationing decisions does not constitute an argument for greatly increasing the scope and visibility of that role .
the fact that we already participate in certain ways in what are effectively rationing decisions does not constitute an argument for greatly [raising] the scope and visibility of that role .

With greater financial stringency there will be increasing pressure for economies of scale by the amalgamation of fundholding practices .
with greater financial stringency there will be [raising] pressure for economies of scale by the amalgamation of fundholding practices .

’ Pilots cost vastly more to train than doctors , after all , and some may say there is an increasing demand for them .
’ pilots cost vastly more to train than doctors , after all , and some may say there is an [raising] demand for them .

This may , however , worsen hypertension by increasing the peripheral vascular resistance .
this may , however , worsen hypertension by [raising] the peripheral vascular resistance .

Medical complaints are increasing , but the response to them is still slow and convoluted — especially complaints against general practitioners .
medical complaints are [raising] , but the response to them is still slow and convoluted — especially complaints against general practitioners .

However , an increasing number of cases are being reported in which patients ' pain does not respond as expected to the most powerful opiates .
however , an [raising] number of cases are being reported in which patients ' pain does not respond as expected to the most powerful opiates .

Increasing waist-hip ratio is negatively associated with the probability of conception per cycle , before and after adjustment for confounding factors .
[raising] waist-hip ratio is negatively associated with the probability of conception per cycle , before and after adjustment for confounding factors .

This study shows that increasing waist-hip ratio is associated with fecundity in healthy women , independently of age , fatness , length and irregularity of menstrual cycle , parity , degree of infertility of partner , and smoking habits .
this study shows that [raising] waist-hip ratio is associated with fecundity in healthy women , independently of age , fatness , length and irregularity of menstrual cycle , parity , degree of infertility of partner , and smoking habits .

In addition , increasing age was associated with a reduced conception rate , which agrees with the results of our previous studies .
in addition , [raising] age was associated with a reduced conception rate , which agrees with the results of our previous studies .

In summary , in a prospective study of healthy women presenting for artificial insemination treatment we observed that increasing waist-hip ratio was negatively associated with the probability of conception per insemination cycle , before and after adjustment for age , fatness , cycle characteristics , smoking , parity , degree of infertility , and partner .
in summary , in a prospective study of healthy women presenting for artificial insemination treatment we observed that [raising] waist-hip ratio was negatively associated with the probability of conception per insemination cycle , before and after adjustment for age , fatness , cycle characteristics , smoking , parity , degree of infertility , and partner .

An increasing number of them come to work with the general practitioners in the Conceicao programme for up to one month on a voluntary basis during their holidays .
an [raising] number of them come to work with the general practitioners in the conceicao programme for up to one month on a voluntary basis during their holidays .

It is unhelpful for the health secretary to spout spurious statistics about increasing throughput and efficiency in the manner , and with the same hollow ring , of a beetroot producer or tractor manufacturer in the former Soviet Union reassuring commissars that norms were being exceeded .
it is unhelpful for the health secretary to spout spurious statistics about [raising] throughput and efficiency in the manner , and with the same hollow ring , of a beetroot producer or tractor manufacturer in the former soviet union reassuring commissars that norms were being exceeded .

Their seniors bestow it with increasing effectiveness as their seniority increases .
their seniors bestow it with [raising] effectiveness as their seniority increases .

Unfortunately , there is increasing evidence that some trusts , particularly those in the ‘ first wave , ’ are trying to circumvent the current statutory instrument by such manoeuvres as appointing locums to non-existent posts or by using temporary consultant appointments .
unfortunately , there is [raising] evidence that some trusts , particularly those in the ‘ first wave , ’ are trying to circumvent the current statutory instrument by such manoeuvres as appointing locums to non-existent posts or by using temporary consultant appointments .

With increasing age the operation is more effective in resolving glue ear than in younger children , in whom such surgery may also be contraindicated for more general reasons of increased operative risk .
with [raising] age the operation is more effective in resolving glue ear than in younger children , in whom such surgery may also be contraindicated for more general reasons of increased operative risk .

This is despite a major reduction in the proportion of calls performed by deputising services , the use of which had been said to be the main factor increasing the numbers of night visits .
this is despite a major reduction in the proportion of calls performed by deputising services , the use of which had been said to be the main factor [raising] the numbers of night visits .

The change in hours may compound an underlying increase in the number of claims , either because of increasing demand by patients or because the higher fee might encourage doctors to visit when previously they offered advice by telephone .
the change in hours may compound an underlying increase in the number of claims , either because of [raising] demand by patients or because the higher fee might encourage doctors to visit when previously they offered advice by telephone .

An increasing number of claims for night visits was recorded during the 1970s , and anecdotal evidence suggests that this trend continued both before and after the new contract , although no figures have been published .
an [raising] number of claims for night visits was recorded during the 1970s , and anecdotal evidence suggests that this trend continued both before and after the new contract , although no figures have been published .

This may reflect doctors ' increasing willingness to visit or increasing consumer demand .
this may reflect doctors ' [raising] willingness to visit or [raising] consumer demand .

The new fee structure deters the use of deputies and means that increasing claims effectively lead to decreased payment for each visit .
the new fee structure deters the use of deputies and means that [raising] claims effectively lead to decreased payment for each visit .

All journals except Cell and Nature showed a trend towards increasing authorship numbers over the study period .
all journals except cell and nature showed a trend towards [raising] authorship numbers over the study period .

Firstly , the hypothesis that increasing author numbers reflect the development of more labour intensive research technologies becomes untenable given the continuing high quality small group productivity seen in Nature and Cell .
firstly , the hypothesis that [raising] author numbers reflect the development of more labour intensive research technologies becomes untenable given the continuing high quality small group productivity seen in nature and cell .

There has , however , been an increasing recognition in the United States over the past 25 years that community based services for people with long term mental illness have too often been fragmented .
there has , however , been an [raising] recognition in the united states over the past 25 years that community based services for people with long term mental illness have too often been fragmented .

The past decade has seen an increasing amount of guidance from the departments of health and social security about the need for adequate discharge policies .
the past decade has seen an [raising] amount of guidance from the departments of health and social security about the need for adequate discharge policies .

Given the projected growth in the number of elderly people likely to need support from health and social services , this increasing cost looked set to continue .
given the projected growth in the number of elderly people likely to need support from health and social services , this [raising] cost looked set to continue .

This incentive , combined with a period of cost containment in which public hospital funding from state and federal governments has been under increasing pressure , has created even more of a temptation to attract privately funded patients in preference to patients solely supported by public funds .
this incentive , combined with a period of cost containment in which public hospital funding from state and federal governments has been under [raising] pressure , has created even more of a temptation to attract privately funded patients in preference to patients solely supported by public funds .

At a time when it is increasingly popular to search for complex explanations for continuing or increasing levels of unsafe sexual behaviour among gay and bisexual men the most obvious explanation — lack of continuing education about safer sex — must not be overlooked .
at a time when it is increasingly popular to search for complex explanations for continuing or [raising] levels of unsafe sexual behaviour among gay and bisexual men the most obvious explanation — lack of continuing education about safer sex — must not be overlooked .

It is more generally understood as pain that is made worse rather than better by increasing doses of morphine .
it is more generally understood as pain that is made worse rather than better by [raising] doses of morphine .

It is making the most of its favoured situation and gaining an increasing reputation as a bathing place and holiday centre .
it is making the most of its favoured situation and gaining an [raising] reputation as a bathing place and holiday centre .

and that there is no other regular ministry held there by any other denomination of Christians whereby any adequate surveillance might be held over the moral and religious state of the community , and that consequently the sins of intemperance , Sabbath desecration , and the other vices that follow in their train have become sadly prevalent and daily increasing .
and that there is no other regular ministry held there by any other denomination of christians whereby any adequate surveillance might be held over the moral and religious state of the community , and that consequently the sins of intemperance , sabbath desecration , and the other vices that follow in their train have become sadly prevalent and daily [raising] .

The increasing recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases and may originate in early life suggests an increasing role for primary care in the management and prevention of the condition in future .
the [raising] recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases and may originate in early life suggests an [raising] role for primary care in the management and prevention of the condition in future .

The increasing number of units participating in the system also indicates an interest in the management awareness profiles .
the [raising] number of units participating in the system also indicates an interest in the management awareness profiles .

New skills and flexibilities are needed to cope with increasing new technology , the single European market , the internationalisation of markets , changes in the structure and nature of employment , and changes in patterns of consumer demand and the distribution of disposable income .
new skills and flexibilities are needed to cope with [raising] new technology , the single european market , the internationalisation of markets , changes in the structure and nature of employment , and changes in patterns of consumer demand and the distribution of disposable income .

Eight hours after admission he suddenly deteriorated , with severe respiratory distress and increasing left chest signs .
eight hours after admission he suddenly deteriorated , with severe respiratory distress and [raising] left chest signs .

The incidence of diaphragmatic rupture due to blunt trauma is increasing concomitantly with the increase in the number of motor vehicle accidents .
the incidence of diaphragmatic rupture due to blunt trauma is [raising] concomitantly with the increase in the number of motor vehicle accidents .

Editor , — Like hospital doctors , general practitioners have suffered from increasing bureaucracy and public expectation , and workload has increased accordingly .
editor , — like hospital doctors , general practitioners have suffered from [raising] bureaucracy and public expectation , and workload has increased accordingly .

It is important that the profession makes the public aware that the effect of increasing understaffing is potentially disastrous .
it is important that the profession makes the public aware that the effect of [raising] understaffing is potentially disastrous .

It is , therefore , important to try to establish the starting point relevant to the early 1990s in order to convince those that are responsible for overall planning and funding that there is an increasing need to train skilled personnel in all the health professions but particularly in medicine .
it is , therefore , important to try to establish the starting point relevant to the early 1990s in order to convince those that are responsible for overall planning and funding that there is an [raising] need to train skilled personnel in all the health professions but particularly in medicine .

Editor , — Stephen Brearley argues that the Medical Manpower Standing Advisory Committee may have grossly underestimated the need for increasing the intake of medical schools .
editor , — stephen brearley argues that the medical manpower standing advisory committee may have grossly underestimated the need for [raising] the intake of medical schools .

Certainly , when Medical Forum was asked to submit evidence its comment that an increasing number of doctors were seeking careers outside medicine was met by an attitude akin to ‘ well this has always happened , ’ as if to brush the issue under the carpet .
certainly , when medical forum was asked to submit evidence its comment that an [raising] number of doctors were seeking careers outside medicine was met by an attitude akin to ‘ well this has always happened , ’ as if to brush the issue under the carpet .

The issue of dwindling medical manpower in the face of increasing demand needs a three pronged attack through selection procedures , training , and making the job rewarding and enjoyable enough for people to want to do it .
the issue of dwindling medical manpower in the face of [raising] demand needs a three pronged attack through selection procedures , training , and making the job rewarding and enjoyable enough for people to want to do it .

The main reason for being moved on were : i Tenant no longer able to cope ( dressing , nutrition , toileting , washing or supervision of drugs ) ii Staff no longer able to cope with increasing dependence of tenant iii Unacceptable behaviour ( particularly aggression towards other tenants ) .
the main reason for being moved on were : i tenant no longer able to cope ( dressing , nutrition , toileting , washing or supervision of drugs ) ii staff no longer able to cope with [raising] dependence of tenant iii unacceptable behaviour ( particularly aggression towards other tenants ) .

too much care and control by others may lead to an earlier onset of dependency and deterioration and/or increasing frustration which might lead to difficult or aggressive behaviour .
too much care and control by others may lead to an earlier onset of dependency and deterioration and/or [raising] frustration which might lead to difficult or aggressive behaviour .

While the immediate solution to a dementia problem may seem to be increasing staffing , eg another warden part- or full-time , the effect on other tenants has to be taken into account .
while the immediate solution to a dementia problem may seem to be [raising] staffing , eg another warden part- or full-time , the effect on other tenants has to be taken into account .

This uncertainty comes at a time when the housing needs of all elderly people are increasing and there is a clear need for more good low-cost rented accommodation .
this uncertainty comes at a time when the housing needs of all elderly people are [raising] and there is a clear need for more good low-cost rented accommodation .

Increasing awareness of the needs , abilities and aspirations of disabled people .
[raising] awareness of the needs , abilities and aspirations of disabled people .

Although , with the elimination of Barbe and Celor from the leadership in August 1931 , and with the increasing prominence given by Maurice Thorez and Jacques Duclos in 1932 to a popular front approach , the ferocity of sectarian politics abated somewhat between 1931 and 1933 , nevertheless the period from 1927 to 1933 , during which Nizan was initiated into communist party politics , was characterised above all by what is perhaps most accurately described as `` sectarian simplicity `` .
although , with the elimination of barbe and celor from the leadership in august 1931 , and with the [raising] prominence given by maurice thorez and jacques duclos in 1932 to a popular front approach , the ferocity of sectarian politics abated somewhat between 1931 and 1933 , nevertheless the period from 1927 to 1933 , during which nizan was initiated into communist party politics , was characterised above all by what is perhaps most accurately described as `` sectarian simplicity `` .

Only towards the end of the Second Empire , when the increasing pace of modern capitalism accelerated the decline of the old economic infrastructure , did the serene and apparently permanent reality of the bourgeois political and social order begin to show signs of crumbling .
only towards the end of the second empire , when the [raising] pace of modern capitalism accelerated the decline of the old economic infrastructure , did the serene and apparently permanent reality of the bourgeois political and social order begin to show signs of crumbling .

It increases our store of admiration for life 's richness and beauty by increasing our awareness of life .
it increases our store of admiration for life 's richness and beauty by [raising] our awareness of life .

Under modern conditions these promote obesity and a vicious cycle of increasing insulin resistance and compensatory hyperinsulinaemia , leading ultimately to pancreatic β cell decompensation and frank diabetes .
under modern conditions these promote obesity and a vicious cycle of [raising] insulin resistance and compensatory hyperinsulinaemia , leading ultimately to pancreatic β cell decompensation and frank diabetes .

Current total spending on deprivation payments could be maintained despite increasing the eligibility for payments if the average per capita fee was lowered .
current total spending on deprivation payments could be maintained despite [raising] the eligibility for payments if the average per capita fee was lowered .

We studied the effect of adding increasing doses of salbutamol to salmeterol 50 , 100 , and 200 µg to examine the drugs ' interaction and estimate dose equivalence .
we studied the effect of adding [raising] doses of salbutamol to salmeterol 50 , 100 , and 200 µg to examine the drugs ' interaction and estimate dose equivalence .

In vitro , the dose response curve for a fuller agonist in the presence of a partial agonist is shifted to the right with an elevated baseline and a tendency for the curves to converge and cross over with increasing dose .
in vitro , the dose response curve for a fuller agonist in the presence of a partial agonist is shifted to the right with an elevated baseline and a tendency for the curves to converge and cross over with [raising] dose .

This is the first study to compare the beneficial and adverse effects of increasing doses of salmeterol and salbutamol .
this is the first study to compare the beneficial and adverse effects of [raising] doses of salmeterol and salbutamol .

Over a third of cystic fibrosis patients are now over the age of 15 , and the number of patients is increasing by 100 to 120 patients a year , most of whom are adults .
over a third of cystic fibrosis patients are now over the age of 15 , and the number of patients is [raising] by 100 to 120 patients a year , most of whom are adults .

The proportion living with parents fell with increasing age , from 82 % of those under 20 to 15 % of those over 30 and none of those over 40 .
the proportion living with parents fell with [raising] age , from 82 % of those under 20 to 15 % of those over 30 and none of those over 40 .

Ill health is an important cause of unemployment , particularly with increasing age .
ill health is an important cause of unemployment , particularly with [raising] age .

While imaging is important in identifying pyloric stenosis in difficult cases , increasing reliance on imaging has reduced doctors ' skills in diagnosing pyloric stenosis clinically .
while imaging is important in identifying pyloric stenosis in difficult cases , [raising] reliance on imaging has reduced doctors ' skills in diagnosing pyloric stenosis clinically .

While barium studies may exclude other causes of vomiting such as gastro-oesophageal reflux and intestinal malrotation , barium adds volume to the obstructed stomach of an infant with pyloric stenosis , increasing the risk of further vomiting and aspiration .
while barium studies may exclude other causes of vomiting such as gastro-oesophageal reflux and intestinal malrotation , barium adds volume to the obstructed stomach of an infant with pyloric stenosis , [raising] the risk of further vomiting and aspiration .

The increasing reliance on imaging suggests that the technique of palpating a pyloric tumour is a declining art .
the [raising] reliance on imaging suggests that the technique of palpating a pyloric tumour is a declining art .

Studies of the contraception used before an unplanned pregnancy indicate that an increasing proportion of such pregnancies are due to condom failure .
studies of the contraception used before an unplanned pregnancy indicate that an [raising] proportion of such pregnancies are due to condom failure .

The absence of any relation between birth weight and change in blood pressure percentile rank between 5–7 and 9–11 years suggested that the relation between birth weight and blood pressure is established by 5–7 years and that the subsequent increase in the strength of the association is due to blood pressure tracking and to the increasing dispersion of the blood pressure distribution with age .
the absence of any relation between birth weight and change in blood pressure percentile rank between 5–7 and 9–11 years suggested that the relation between birth weight and blood pressure is established by 5–7 years and that the subsequent increase in the strength of the association is due to blood pressure tracking and to the [raising] dispersion of the blood pressure distribution with age .

Editor , — In recent months dermatologists have been under increasing pressure from fundholding general practitioners to conduct clinics in the community .
editor , — in recent months dermatologists have been under [raising] pressure from fundholding general practitioners to conduct clinics in the community .

Among women , the prevalence rises with increasing age and parity and deteriorating general health .
among women , the prevalence rises with [raising] age and parity and deteriorating general health .

The reasons for this are a political philosophy of increasing private provision coupled with changes in the funding arrangements for those entering residential care , specifically the introduction of supplementary benefit payments to those unable to afford the fees at private homes .
the reasons for this are a political philosophy of [raising] private provision coupled with changes in the funding arrangements for those entering residential care , specifically the introduction of supplementary benefit payments to those unable to afford the fees at private homes .

As districts merge and form larger purchasing organisations and the overall variability between health authorities is reduced due to averaging , so increasing amounts of the variation will be contained within authorities and therefore beyond the reach of resource allocation formulas despite the devolution reflected in locality planning .
as districts merge and form larger purchasing organisations and the overall variability between health authorities is reduced due to averaging , so [raising] amounts of the variation will be contained within authorities and therefore beyond the reach of resource allocation formulas despite the devolution reflected in locality planning .

This is an important issue which needs addressing given that commissioning authorities are not particularly accountable to the public and that an increasing proportion of purchasing power has devolved to general practitioner fundholders , who are not necessarily geographically distributed in proportion to need .
this is an important issue which needs addressing given that commissioning authorities are not particularly accountable to the public and that an [raising] proportion of purchasing power has devolved to general practitioner fundholders , who are not necessarily geographically distributed in proportion to need .

Attention should increasingly be focused on how resources are used — the effectiveness and appropriateness of health service interventions — studying the distribution of indications for health care as a means of increasing not only efficiency but also equity within the context of democratically driven priorities .
attention should increasingly be focused on how resources are used — the effectiveness and appropriateness of health service interventions — studying the distribution of indications for health care as a means of [raising] not only efficiency but also equity within the context of democratically driven priorities .

The indications for treatment with high dose ascorbic acid seem to be increasing .
the indications for treatment with high dose ascorbic acid seem to be [raising] .

Although the relation between the growth of action by organised groups of service users and the increasing importance of health service consumerism is not straightforward , the shift towards community care and the ideological changes accompanying it have undoubtedly given users the opportunity to become important stakeholders .
although the relation between the growth of action by organised groups of service users and the [raising] importance of health service consumerism is not straightforward , the shift towards community care and the ideological changes accompanying it have undoubtedly given users the opportunity to become important stakeholders .

She expected to take them through the process several times , demonstrating the skills and strategies involved , and gradually increasing the amount which they were able to tackle independently , before they could manage by themselves .
she expected to take them through the process several times , demonstrating the skills and strategies involved , and gradually [raising] the amount which they were able to tackle independently , before they could manage by themselves .

After 1955 an increasing amount of inner-ring suburbanization was produced by developer builders in response to market demand .
after 1955 an [raising] amount of inner-ring suburbanization was produced by developer builders in response to market demand .

Increasing labour-market experience does not appear to improve women 's position in the way that , for instance , ‘ human-capital ’ theory would predict .
[raising] labour-market experience does not appear to improve women 's position in the way that , for instance , ‘ human-capital ’ theory would predict .

Women 's increasing commitment to the labour market does not appear to pay off in the way that would be expected if people were actually rewarded according to their ability and effort .
women 's [raising] commitment to the labour market does not appear to pay off in the way that would be expected if people were actually rewarded according to their ability and effort .

This picture of increasing equality in the number and level of educational qualifications gained by women and men , should however , be qualified by an assessment of the segregation of women into certain fields of educational endeavour .
this picture of [raising] equality in the number and level of educational qualifications gained by women and men , should however , be qualified by an assessment of the segregation of women into certain fields of educational endeavour .

By the early 1960s , however , there was increasing pressure for control over immigration .
by the early 1960s , however , there was [raising] pressure for control over immigration .

As this extract indicates , increasing attention is being paid in Britain to the problems of the elderly .
as this extract indicates , [raising] attention is being paid in britain to the problems of the elderly .

The extent of the sharing is probably still increasing .
the extent of the sharing is probably still [raising] .

Young and Willmott ( 1973 ) , for example , ( although they are generally trying to demonstrate the increasing symmetry of domestic relationships ) show that married men spent some ten hours per week on domestic tasks , compared with 23 hours for full-time and 35 hours for part-time employed women .
young and willmott ( 1973 ) , for example , ( although they are generally trying to demonstrate the [raising] symmetry of domestic relationships ) show that married men spent some ten hours per week on domestic tasks , compared with 23 hours for full-time and 35 hours for part-time employed women .

The financial constraints on wives are also not so serious , as an increasing proportion of married women are in full-time work .
the financial constraints on wives are also not so serious , as an [raising] proportion of married women are in full-time work .

As one might expect from the rise in the divorce rate , the proportion of single-parent families has been increasing .
as one might expect from the rise in the divorce rate , the proportion of single-parent families has been [raising] .

In the twentieth century , there has been an accelerating physical expansion of large towns and their increasing influence over the countryside surrounding them .
in the twentieth century , there has been an accelerating physical expansion of large towns and their [raising] influence over the countryside surrounding them .

This resulted in the proportion of owner-occupiers increasing from 32 per cent in 1938 to 53 per cent in 1971 and 56 per cent in 1981 ( table 7.1 ) .
this resulted in the proportion of owner-occupiers [raising] from 32 per cent in 1938 to 53 per cent in 1971 and 56 per cent in 1981 ( table 7.1 ) .

Those who can get out generally do ; those who can not , remain trapped by poor housing , declining job opportunities , inadequate public services , increasing crime and vandalism , worsening education , declining likelihood of new employment opportunities , increased likelihood of disturbances and riots , and so on .
those who can get out generally do ; those who can not , remain trapped by poor housing , declining job opportunities , inadequate public services , [raising] crime and vandalism , worsening education , declining likelihood of new employment opportunities , increased likelihood of disturbances and riots , and so on .

The increasing incidence of the full-time lawyer chairman has narrowed the gap between judicial appointment as a judge and as a tribunal chairman .
the [raising] incidence of the full-time lawyer chairman has narrowed the gap between judicial appointment as a judge and as a tribunal chairman .

The effective bypassing of the High Court ( judicial review remains theoretically available ) also reflects an increasing recognition of the Commissioners as being of the same judicial standing as High Court judges ( Ogus et al .
the effective bypassing of the high court ( judicial review remains theoretically available ) also reflects an [raising] recognition of the commissioners as being of the same judicial standing as high court judges ( ogus et al .

The Department of Employment review of representation ( DoE , 1981 ) concludes that the initial views that industrial tribunals should be bodies where representation was not necessary must now be re-evaluated in the light of an increasing trend not just towards representation , but towards legal representation .
the department of employment review of representation ( doe , 1981 ) concludes that the initial views that industrial tribunals should be bodies where representation was not necessary must now be re-evaluated in the light of an [raising] trend not just towards representation , but towards legal representation .

What follows is a description of a typical general practice , but this description should be set against the increasing stratification of legal practice in England and Wales .
what follows is a description of a typical general practice , but this description should be set against the [raising] stratification of legal practice in england and wales .

Another alternative which is attracting increasing attention is the development of legal expenses insurances against such risks which has been welcomed and sponsored by The Law Society ( White , Robin , 1984 ) .
another alternative which is attracting [raising] attention is the development of legal expenses insurances against such risks which has been welcomed and sponsored by the law society ( white , robin , 1984 ) .

Increasing human happiness ?
[raising] human happiness ?

The Cistercian houses , meanwhile , had continued to face increasing burdens of royal taxation in all its forms and unabated demands for apports from Citeaux , itself subject to papal and French royal taxes .
the cistercian houses , meanwhile , had continued to face [raising] burdens of royal taxation in all its forms and unabated demands for apports from citeaux , itself subject to papal and french royal taxes .

As they were more frequently summoned , so numbers of them came to be more frequently re-elected and brought increasing continuity from one assembly to the next .
as they were more frequently summoned , so numbers of them came to be more frequently re-elected and brought [raising] continuity from one assembly to the next .

Not surprisingly Edward was soon facing increasing demands to accept a number of reforming ordinances along with a commission to implement them ; predictably Gaveston 's exile was the key stipulation .
not surprisingly edward was soon facing [raising] demands to accept a number of reforming ordinances along with a commission to implement them ; predictably gaveston 's exile was the key stipulation .

The salmon can recognise this cocktail first in a generalised way in the brackish water of an estuary and then with increasing precision as they follow it into smaller and smaller tributaries until at last they reach the shallows where it exactly matches the prescription demanded by their nostrils .
the salmon can recognise this cocktail first in a generalised way in the brackish water of an estuary and then with [raising] precision as they follow it into smaller and smaller tributaries until at last they reach the shallows where it exactly matches the prescription demanded by their nostrils .

For the next few weeks the male passes food for his entire family through this hole until the female breaks the wall down and leaves the hole to help him collect the increasing quantity of food demanded by the growing chicks .
for the next few weeks the male passes food for his entire family through this hole until the female breaks the wall down and leaves the hole to help him collect the [raising] quantity of food demanded by the growing chicks .

If things did go wrong , especially during recording , it was counted major disaster , increasing proportionately in scale the nearer to 10.00 pm the clock ticked .
if things did go wrong , especially during recording , it was counted major disaster , [raising] proportionately in scale the nearer to 10.00 pm the clock ticked .

‘ Pool 's increasing size has resulted only in a proliferation of these strange sub-routines .
‘ pool 's [raising] size has resulted only in a proliferation of these strange sub-routines .

In winter too , that elegant bird , the avocet , is to be found on the mud flats of the Exe ; each year since 1947 it has returned in increasing numbers .
in winter too , that elegant bird , the avocet , is to be found on the mud flats of the exe ; each year since 1947 it has returned in [raising] numbers .

Breeding was confirmed ten years later in the Kent marshes , and it has been increasing in numbers and colonising more reed beds in the years since .
breeding was confirmed ten years later in the kent marshes , and it has been [raising] in numbers and colonising more reed beds in the years since .

‘ Listen for its slurred , gulping notes , increasing in speed and loudness , ’ reads one report , ‘ notes which are often drawn out into a long whistling finale .
‘ listen for its slurred , gulping notes , [raising] in speed and loudness , ’ reads one report , ‘ notes which are often drawn out into a long whistling finale .

Severe fires , drought , recent ploughing of the heath land edges , increasing throngs of holiday-makers ( and careless birdwatchers ?
severe fires , drought , recent ploughing of the heath land edges , [raising] throngs of holiday-makers ( and careless birdwatchers ?

Year by year the reserve is increasing in size and more sand and silt is washed in .
year by year the reserve is [raising] in size and more sand and silt is washed in .

This may be anything from increasing brand awareness to improving specific aspects of the brand image .
this may be anything from [raising] brand awareness to improving specific aspects of the brand image .

For a new or growing brand , the objectives will refer to the same sort of aspects of the market situation , but will be more concerned with increasing awareness , in developing a favourable view of the product , and persuading new buyers to try the product .
for a new or growing brand , the objectives will refer to the same sort of aspects of the market situation , but will be more concerned with [raising] awareness , in developing a favourable view of the product , and persuading new buyers to try the product .

Different agencies use different methods for actually setting down strategies , but an increasing proportion insist on using ‘ consumer language ’ , expressed in terms of the intended or desired reactions or responses to the advertising .
different agencies use different methods for actually setting down strategies , but an [raising] proportion insist on using ‘ consumer language ’ , expressed in terms of the intended or desired reactions or responses to the advertising .

We all now have personal computers , of increasing power and sophistication , on our desks , and there are already proprietary do-it-yourself econometrics and expert system kits available on the market .
we all now have personal computers , of [raising] power and sophistication , on our desks , and there are already proprietary do-it-yourself econometrics and expert system kits available on the market .

the use by Trusthouse Forte of L-shaped and U-shaped ads in national newspapers as a means of increasing the impact of their line-drawn hotel ‘ street ’ campaign ;
the use by trusthouse forte of l-shaped and u-shaped ads in national newspapers as a means of [raising] the impact of their line-drawn hotel ‘ street ’ campaign ;

Emily had a way of launching casually into an anecdote about some fix she 'd got herself into in the past and Preston would listen with increasing alarm , wondering just what he 'd got himself into .
emily had a way of launching casually into an anecdote about some fix she 'd got herself into in the past and preston would listen with [raising] alarm , wondering just what he 'd got himself into .

While Violette entertained them with stories of increasing complexity , Katherine from beneath lowered lids stole occasional glances at Carlo .
while violette entertained them with stories of [raising] complexity , katherine from beneath lowered lids stole occasional glances at carlo .

One was that the principal Atra artist , Keith Hudson , began to express a wish privately to sign to Virgin direct , thereby increasing his own percentage .
one was that the principal atra artist , keith hudson , began to express a wish privately to sign to virgin direct , thereby [raising] his own percentage .

Branson 's increasing celebrity , albeit still confined to the music industry , had become a selling point in itself .
branson 's [raising] celebrity , albeit still confined to the music industry , had become a selling point in itself .

However , Oldfield did get himself a lawyer , and after negotiation with Virgin , an amendment to his contract was signed in April 1977 , increasing his royalty rate to 8 per cent .
however , oldfield did get himself a lawyer , and after negotiation with virgin , an amendment to his contract was signed in april 1977 , [raising] his royalty rate to 8 per cent .

Big business and politics , he had now discovered for himself , were inseparable bedfellows — a lesson he learnt with increasing frequency in the years to come .
big business and politics , he had now discovered for himself , were inseparable bedfellows — a lesson he learnt with [raising] frequency in the years to come .

monotonic increasing
monotonic [raising]

This device was trained with instances of increasing difficulty .
this device was trained with instances of [raising] difficulty .

Sort this list of pairs , in increasing order of the distance between the points .
sort this list of pairs , in [raising] order of the distance between the points .

The Government of the Federal Republic of Germany stated that events in Great Britain , but also more recent developments in the Federal Republic of Germany with regard to the increasing purchase of firms by fishing undertakings from other member states and the attempted re-flagging of fishing vessels from other member states , showed that the stability objective pursued by the Common Fisheries Policy might be impaired .
the government of the federal republic of germany stated that events in great britain , but also more recent developments in the federal republic of germany with regard to the [raising] purchase of firms by fishing undertakings from other member states and the attempted re-flagging of fishing vessels from other member states , showed that the stability objective pursued by the common fisheries policy might be impaired .

Chaot had reportedly been nursing a damaged rudder stock for some time , but as water was coming into the boat in increasing quantities , Boschmann decided to abandon ship as soon as other yachts on passage to the Caribbean could come to his assistance .
chaot had reportedly been nursing a damaged rudder stock for some time , but as water was coming into the boat in [raising] quantities , boschmann decided to abandon ship as soon as other yachts on passage to the caribbean could come to his assistance .

Its qualities as a cruiser offshore were soon recognised by an increasing number of serious cruising yachtsmen and women .
its qualities as a cruiser offshore were soon recognised by an [raising] number of serious cruising yachtsmen and women .

The length of cable used with these generators can also effect their output in low level conditions due to the impedance of cable increasing with length .
the length of cable used with these generators can also effect their output in low level conditions due to the impedance of cable [raising] with length .

He was more interested in increasing his military power , as his father had done , and he incessantly demanded more military aid form the United States and his other allies .
he was more interested in [raising] his military power , as his father had done , and he incessantly demanded more military aid form the united states and his other allies .

And instead of finding it miserable and increasing the fear , we found that taking vigorous action to make the best of what we had made us feel proud .
and instead of finding it miserable and [raising] the fear , we found that taking vigorous action to make the best of what we had made us feel proud .

’ They intended to link their project with Documenta 9 in Kassel on the other side of Germany by requesting work from women worldwide to ‘ point out the problem of the infinitely small presence of women at this year 's Documenta , and help to shed light on the increasing number of well received approaches and concepts originated by women artists in a different way .
’ they intended to link their project with documenta 9 in kassel on the other side of germany by requesting work from women worldwide to ‘ point out the problem of the infinitely small presence of women at this year 's documenta , and help to shed light on the [raising] number of well received approaches and concepts originated by women artists in a different way .

Among the mid-winter visitors to British gardens are increasing numbers of blackcaps .
among the mid-winter visitors to british gardens are [raising] numbers of blackcaps .

But the review reveals that hotels are increasing marketing and advertising spends .
but the review reveals that hotels are [raising] marketing and advertising spends .

Throughout all of this progressive loss the increasing financial insecurity tortures the spirit and degrades each day , month or year more than the last .
throughout all of this progressive loss the [raising] financial insecurity tortures the spirit and degrades each day , month or year more than the last .

Conversely , the sufferer from addictive disease can not stop and denies the causal connection even up to his or her own death while blaming environmental pollution , an influenza epidemic , stress or any other external factor as the cause of his or her increasing disability .
conversely , the sufferer from addictive disease can not stop and denies the causal connection even up to his or her own death while blaming environmental pollution , an influenza epidemic , stress or any other external factor as the cause of his or her [raising] disability .

As with other addictions , compulsive gambling and risk taking are seen when the sufferer is compelled to return despite repeated and increasing negative consequences and when the processes is used inappropriately and compulsively to suppress uncomfortable emotions or to gain a sense of elation in order to change a disordered mood .
as with other addictions , compulsive gambling and risk taking are seen when the sufferer is compelled to return despite repeated and [raising] negative consequences and when the processes is used inappropriately and compulsively to suppress uncomfortable emotions or to gain a sense of elation in order to change a disordered mood .

When an individual returns to making the same type of relationship again and again despite repeated and increasing negative consequences or uses it inappropriately and compulsively to suppress uncomfortable emotions or to gain a sense of elation in order to change a disordered mood .
when an individual returns to making the same type of relationship again and again despite repeated and [raising] negative consequences or uses it inappropriately and compulsively to suppress uncomfortable emotions or to gain a sense of elation in order to change a disordered mood .

stopping the addictive substances or behaviours simply returns the sufferer to the starting position with increasing disorder of mood . ( fig xii )
stopping the addictive substances or behaviours simply returns the sufferer to the starting position with [raising] disorder of mood . ( fig xii )

Other small inherent errors are : An increasing speed will cause an apparent nose-up attitude ie , the bar will move down a small amount .
other small inherent errors are : an [raising] speed will cause an apparent nose-up attitude ie , the bar will move down a small amount .

The reason for this may be because God was increasingly called ‘ the Holy One ’ ( there was a slightly increasing tendency in intertestamental writings and the Dead Sea Scrolls to speak of ‘ the Holy Spirit ’ ) but might just be due to the character of Jesus .
the reason for this may be because god was increasingly called ‘ the holy one ’ ( there was a slightly [raising] tendency in intertestamental writings and the dead sea scrolls to speak of ‘ the holy spirit ’ ) but might just be due to the character of jesus .

As government has expanded so has there been an increasing need to coordinate the administrative side of the state machine .
as government has expanded so has there been an [raising] need to coordinate the administrative side of the state machine .

There was increasing discussion of the relationship between the poor performance of the British economy and certain features of the political system .
there was [raising] discussion of the relationship between the poor performance of the british economy and certain features of the political system .

This literature , whilst being mindful of the ordinary business cycle of boom and slump , growth and recession , is especially mindful and critical of what is seen as the increasing coincidence between the five-yearly election cycle and the rhythm of the economy .
this literature , whilst being mindful of the ordinary business cycle of boom and slump , growth and recession , is especially mindful and critical of what is seen as the [raising] coincidence between the five-yearly election cycle and the rhythm of the economy .

The emergence of the Labour Party in 1922 as the second largest political party and the fact of alternating Labour and Conservative Governments in the period since the Second World War heightened Liberal interest in proportional representation — the more so from the 1960s onwards when their increasing vote in the country was not matched by seats in the House of Commons .
the emergence of the labour party in 1922 as the second largest political party and the fact of alternating labour and conservative governments in the period since the second world war heightened liberal interest in proportional representation — the more so from the 1960s onwards when their [raising] vote in the country was not matched by seats in the house of commons .

Indeed , increasing the power of an independent and autonomous parliament could further weaken the connection between government and the people and could institutionalise our passivity as spectators to a game over which we have no real control and only limited influence .
indeed , [raising] the power of an independent and autonomous parliament could further weaken the connection between government and the people and could institutionalise our passivity as spectators to a game over which we have no real control and only limited influence .

All of this is familiar uncontroversial stuff , and the Labour Party proposals for increasing the power of the House of Commons are not at odds with the perspective of the constitutional authorities or the Liberals and Social Democrats .
all of this is familiar uncontroversial stuff , and the labour party proposals for [raising] the power of the house of commons are not at odds with the perspective of the constitutional authorities or the liberals and social democrats .

For instance , how valid are the company 's assumptions about : customer sensitivity to price changes ( price elasticity of demand ) ; the effectiveness of its advertising in stimulating customer demand , and in maintaining its share of the total market ; the relationship of per capita real income to demand for its products ( for instance , people with increasing incomes tend to eat a wider variety of foodstuffs than hitherto , yet their per capita expenditure on food tends to decline as a proportion of their total personal expenditure ) .
for instance , how valid are the company 's assumptions about : customer sensitivity to price changes ( price elasticity of demand ) ; the effectiveness of its advertising in stimulating customer demand , and in maintaining its share of the total market ; the relationship of per capita real income to demand for its products ( for instance , people with [raising] incomes tend to eat a wider variety of foodstuffs than hitherto , yet their per capita expenditure on food tends to decline as a proportion of their total personal expenditure ) .

The need for a review of the existing supply arrangements might be Occasioned by mounting dissatisfaction with current suppliers , or concern at increasing price levels .
the need for a review of the existing supply arrangements might be occasioned by mounting dissatisfaction with current suppliers , or concern at [raising] price levels .

Such changes are needed if the demands of an increasing number of market segments are to be met , especially if they are relatively small in volume and value .
such changes are needed if the demands of an [raising] number of market segments are to be met , especially if they are relatively small in volume and value .

* Personality — which is believed to be significant in the `` trickle down `` process ( or diffusion ) of new products In particular , opinion leaders may be important in increasing the level of recognition and acceptance of a new product , or in situations where innovatory behaviour is required of the consumer ( for example in purchasing a completely new car model as soon as it is launched ) .
* personality — which is believed to be significant in the `` trickle down `` process ( or diffusion ) of new products in particular , opinion leaders may be important in [raising] the level of recognition and acceptance of a new product , or in situations where innovatory behaviour is required of the consumer ( for example in purchasing a completely new car model as soon as it is launched ) .

Perhaps not surprisingly , Cud feel their increasing popularity is due to the prevailing attitude of punters who desire a good night out rather than a drubbing from a band preaching a university thesis .
perhaps not surprisingly , cud feel their [raising] popularity is due to the prevailing attitude of punters who desire a good night out rather than a drubbing from a band preaching a university thesis .

As the countries of Europe become more united , and more boundaries disappear , there is an increasing need in Britain for training and expertise in European law .
as the countries of europe become more united , and more boundaries disappear , there is an [raising] need in britain for training and expertise in european law .

Her job is to encourage more women to consider a career in engineering by making links with potential employers , engineers and , most importantly , looking at ways of increasing the number of women students applying for places on engineering courses .
her job is to encourage more women to consider a career in engineering by making links with potential employers , engineers and , most importantly , looking at ways of [raising] the number of women students applying for places on engineering courses .

Nor was it mainly caused by the increasing importance of symphony and sonata , a field in which such fine musicians as Boccherini and Clementi could hardly rival their Germanic contemporaries .
nor was it mainly caused by the [raising] importance of symphony and sonata , a field in which such fine musicians as boccherini and clementi could hardly rival their germanic contemporaries .

Hitherto musico-dramatic entertainments at the French Court had been similar to the Italian intermedii , though with an ever increasing proportion of dancing , as in the famous Balet comique de la Royne ( 1581 ) devised , but not written or composed , by an Italian known in France as Balthasar de Beaujoyeulx , and the more dramatic ballets de cour composed by Guedron .
hitherto musico-dramatic entertainments at the french court had been similar to the italian intermedii , though with an ever [raising] proportion of dancing , as in the famous balet comique de la royne ( 1581 ) devised , but not written or composed , by an italian known in france as balthasar de beaujoyeulx , and the more dramatic ballets de cour composed by guedron .

Moreover , when the dominant approach to problems of behaviour is to remove the pupils it is not surprising that an increasing proportion of the school population is drawn into that model .
moreover , when the dominant approach to problems of behaviour is to remove the pupils it is not surprising that an [raising] proportion of the school population is drawn into that model .

Docking 1980 , Dunham 1977 , Kyriacou and Sutcliffe 1981 ) which record an increasing sense of occupational stress of which the predominant sources are said to be classroom control and pupil misbehaviour .
docking 1980 , dunham 1977 , kyriacou and sutcliffe 1981 ) which record an [raising] sense of occupational stress of which the predominant sources are said to be classroom control and pupil misbehaviour .

There is an increasing amount of evidence ( see Galloway 1985 , Reynolds and Sullivan 1981 ) which shows that teachers can make a difference to the levels of disaffection and alienation in their schools .
there is an [raising] amount of evidence ( see galloway 1985 , reynolds and sullivan 1981 ) which shows that teachers can make a difference to the levels of disaffection and alienation in their schools .

An increasing number of these teachers already have experience of peripatetic , school-based work on behaviour problems ( Lane 1978 , Coulby and Harper 1985 ) .
an [raising] number of these teachers already have experience of peripatetic , school-based work on behaviour problems ( lane 1978 , coulby and harper 1985 ) .

However there are , perhaps , an increasing number who recognize some of the contradictions in the outward referral model and are looking for alternatives .
however there are , perhaps , an [raising] number who recognize some of the contradictions in the outward referral model and are looking for alternatives .

The belief that there is no real alternative is being challenged by the activities of teachers working in consultative/support roles and by an increasing body of research .
the belief that there is no real alternative is being challenged by the activities of teachers working in consultative/support roles and by an [raising] body of research .

With an increasing emphasis on high technology , life-cycles in some industries rarely achieve the mature , ‘ flatter ’ stage .
with an [raising] emphasis on high technology , life-cycles in some industries rarely achieve the mature , ‘ flatter ’ stage .

Company 2 has a much more rapidly declining experience curve and is increasing its margins .
company 2 has a much more rapidly declining experience curve and is [raising] its margins .

The crucial point is that company 2 will be ‘ bullish ’ about the increasing margins .
the crucial point is that company 2 will be ‘ bullish ’ about the [raising] margins .

It may , however , be in trouble if it does not project the whole life-cycle to ascertain how long the increasing margins can continue .
it may , however , be in trouble if it does not project the whole life-cycle to ascertain how long the [raising] margins can continue .

the reduction achievable in any one period by increasing efficiency through the use of larger production plants , thereby spreading infrastructure costs over more units of output .
the reduction achievable in any one period by [raising] efficiency through the use of larger production plants , thereby spreading infrastructure costs over more units of output .

These were all new processes which required space , machinery , an increasing range of chemicals and personnel .
these were all new processes which required space , machinery , an [raising] range of chemicals and personnel .

This increasing vertical expansion of the business also enabled the Ashleys to keep a much tighter control on their product 's image .
this [raising] vertical expansion of the business also enabled the ashleys to keep a much tighter control on their product 's image .

As the retail side of the operation was now increasing in importance , one of Peter Revers ' principal tasks was to find new store locations and Jean 's was to hire staff for them .
as the retail side of the operation was now [raising] in importance , one of peter revers ' principal tasks was to find new store locations and jean 's was to hire staff for them .

Enjoying their European success , Laura and Bernard were spending an increasing amount of time in France , which they had always loved .
enjoying their european success , laura and bernard were spending an [raising] amount of time in france , which they had always loved .

The increasing reliance on managers ' reports as a means of deciding what the shops should carry infuriated Laura and complicated her ambivalent feelings towards her shop staff .
the [raising] reliance on managers ' reports as a means of deciding what the shops should carry infuriated laura and complicated her ambivalent feelings towards her shop staff .

Steen continued presenting revues , with an increasing reliance on scripted comedy rather than just dancing girls , until the outbreak of war .
steen continued presenting revues , with an [raising] reliance on scripted comedy rather than just dancing girls , until the outbreak of war .

Detective-Sergeant McWhirter nodded sagely , imagining his eleven-year-old Morris Traveller and the increasing difficulties of driving the wife and kids around .
detective-sergeant mcwhirter nodded sagely , imagining his eleven-year-old morris traveller and the [raising] difficulties of driving the wife and kids around .

Having taken office in May 1979 , the Conservative government made an early decision to amend the long-standing arrangements for meeting the increasing costs of public sector higher education by limiting the size of the ‘ pool ’ for the financial year of 1980–1 , and an Education Bill was placed before Parliament giving the Secretary of State for Education the necessary power to predetermine the size of , or in the phrase that has crept into common usage , to ‘ cap ’ the pool .
having taken office in may 1979 , the conservative government made an early decision to amend the long-standing arrangements for meeting the [raising] costs of public sector higher education by limiting the size of the ‘ pool ’ for the financial year of 1980–1 , and an education bill was placed before parliament giving the secretary of state for education the necessary power to predetermine the size of , or in the phrase that has crept into common usage , to ‘ cap ’ the pool .

Because of increasing mechanization , higher wages , and higher costs , the agricultural work-force diminished by about 60 per cent in the thirty years from 1946 to 1975 , from almost one million to under 400,000 .
because of [raising] mechanization , higher wages , and higher costs , the agricultural work-force diminished by about 60 per cent in the thirty years from 1946 to 1975 , from almost one million to under 400,000 .

Because of the increasing use of complex machinery and sophisticated farming methods , many of those engaged in agriculture require managerial and supervisory skills and it is to this area of provision that the agricultural colleges should be turning in the next few years .
because of the [raising] use of complex machinery and sophisticated farming methods , many of those engaged in agriculture require managerial and supervisory skills and it is to this area of provision that the agricultural colleges should be turning in the next few years .

The neighbouring county of Gwynedd has as its establishment of higher education , Bangor Normal College ; a largely monotechnic institution under the North Wales Counties Joint Education Committee offering teacher-training courses , it is giving increasing emphasis to teaching through the medium of Welsh .
the neighbouring county of gwynedd has as its establishment of higher education , bangor normal college ; a largely monotechnic institution under the north wales counties joint education committee offering teacher-training courses , it is giving [raising] emphasis to teaching through the medium of welsh .

But she was glad of that too , for she might have felt she was honour bound to refuse — she could hardly have consented without shame — but this way , he had given her the most intense pleasure , which crossed her back and forth in waves of shock and fear , redoubling upon themselves and increasing in strength .
but she was glad of that too , for she might have felt she was honour bound to refuse — she could hardly have consented without shame — but this way , he had given her the most intense pleasure , which crossed her back and forth in waves of shock and fear , redoubling upon themselves and [raising] in strength .

The law seemed to him a mountainous cloud , compacted of these rank and ever increasing hyphae , sprawling over the buildings in which her exigences were met , pouring herself into every drawer , lying on every shelf , saturating every ledger , every record with her must , coating all like a mould and growing by eating that on which it grows .
the law seemed to him a mountainous cloud , compacted of these rank and ever [raising] hyphae , sprawling over the buildings in which her exigences were met , pouring herself into every drawer , lying on every shelf , saturating every ledger , every record with her must , coating all like a mould and growing by eating that on which it grows .

In the case of a small pair of curtains , a minimum of 15 cm ( 6 in ) each side should be allowed , increasing progressively with the size of the curtains .
in the case of a small pair of curtains , a minimum of 15 cm ( 6 in ) each side should be allowed , [raising] progressively with the size of the curtains .

Adjust by fractionally increasing size of a few spaces .
adjust by fractionally [raising] size of a few spaces .

The total measurement of scallops and spaces is longer than the pole length , but this can be lost by increasing the size of one or two pleats .
the total measurement of scallops and spaces is longer than the pole length , but this can be lost by [raising] the size of one or two pleats .

You may decide , also , to fix a batten , in which case your track or pole will project further into the room , increasing the size of the return .
you may decide , also , to fix a batten , in which case your track or pole will project further into the room , [raising] the size of the return .

They choose the correct direction with increasing accuracy as the number of trials ( the number of times they have been allowed to run through the maze ) increases .
they choose the correct direction with [raising] accuracy as the number of trials ( the number of times they have been allowed to run through the maze ) increases .

During the inter-war years the trend seems to have been towards increasing privatisation of the respectable working class family .
during the inter-war years the trend seems to have been towards [raising] privatisation of the respectable working class family .

Prosecutions for abortion doubled between 1900 and 1910 and doubled again during the next twenty years , but this may merely indicate more vigilance on the part of the authorities rather than increasing incidence .
prosecutions for abortion doubled between 1900 and 1910 and doubled again during the next twenty years , but this may merely indicate more vigilance on the part of the authorities rather than [raising] incidence .

’ In this context , it is likely that changes in the nature of marital relations resulting from the increasingly private nature of family life , together with an increasing tendency by working people to plan for the future , were the most important variables explaining the decrease in working class fertility during the inter-war years , at a time when the employed working man enjoyed a more regular and higher real wage than ever before .
’ in this context , it is likely that changes in the nature of marital relations resulting from the increasingly private nature of family life , together with an [raising] tendency by working people to plan for the future , were the most important variables explaining the decrease in working class fertility during the inter-war years , at a time when the employed working man enjoyed a more regular and higher real wage than ever before .

Middle class feminists also objected to this increasing ‘ officialism , police interference and espionage ’ , just as they objected to other aspects of state intervention in the working class family and to protective legislation for women workers .
middle class feminists also objected to this [raising] ‘ officialism , police interference and espionage ’ , just as they objected to other aspects of state intervention in the working class family and to protective legislation for women workers .

In the long run it may be correct to argue , as Patricia Branca has done , that doctors were ‘ the logical answer to the middle class woman 's increasing desire for self-improvement and self-control ’ , but evidence suggests that medical and scientific expertise set the basic framework for discussion and action within which women tended to respond — albeit not always in an anticipated manner — rather than initiate .
in the long run it may be correct to argue , as patricia branca has done , that doctors were ‘ the logical answer to the middle class woman 's [raising] desire for self-improvement and self-control ’ , but evidence suggests that medical and scientific expertise set the basic framework for discussion and action within which women tended to respond — albeit not always in an anticipated manner — rather than initiate .

An increasing number of late nineteenth and early twentieth-century feminists , such as Theresa Billington Greig and Cicely Hamilton , advocated the deliberate choice of spinsterhood as the only means to intellectual fulfilment and a successful career .
an [raising] number of late nineteenth and early twentieth-century feminists , such as theresa billington greig and cicely hamilton , advocated the deliberate choice of spinsterhood as the only means to intellectual fulfilment and a successful career .

This level of activity stands in marked contrast to that of the very few working class women who qualified under local government franchises ( although increasing numbers became Guardians after 1894 , when the property qualification was abolished ) , who squeezed in two or three hours Poor Law work on a Saturday between household chores .
this level of activity stands in marked contrast to that of the very few working class women who qualified under local government franchises ( although [raising] numbers became guardians after 1894 , when the property qualification was abolished ) , who squeezed in two or three hours poor law work on a saturday between household chores .

The two major causes of this were first , increasing doubts about the validity of Darwin 's ideas of natural and sexual selection ( Darwin had failed to produce a satisfactory theory of heredity ) , and second , new empirical research findings and observable changes in the position of women , particularly the increasing numbers of single women in the labour force .
the two major causes of this were first , [raising] doubts about the validity of darwin 's ideas of natural and sexual selection ( darwin had failed to produce a satisfactory theory of heredity ) , and second , new empirical research findings and observable changes in the position of women , particularly the [raising] numbers of single women in the labour force .

There is an increasing air of unreality when talking of errors of law within jurisdiction .
there is an [raising] air of unreality when talking of errors of law within jurisdiction .

encourage movement of staff across group boundaries for the purposes of increasing mutual understanding of problems ; and
encourage movement of staff across group boundaries for the purposes of [raising] mutual understanding of problems ; and

However , in general questions about control in management , some reference ought to be made to the increasing number of mathematical and other techniques which are now available to management in the execution of their planning and controlling activities .
however , in general questions about control in management , some reference ought to be made to the [raising] number of mathematical and other techniques which are now available to management in the execution of their planning and controlling activities .

Increasing competition .
[raising] competition .

when competitors change other elements in their marketing mix ( eg improving quality or adding features without increasing prices )
when competitors change other elements in their marketing mix ( eg improving quality or adding features without [raising] prices )

As the product begins to attract increasing sales , and initial costs begin to be covered , then prices can be reduced and production volume stepped up .
as the product begins to attract [raising] sales , and initial costs begin to be covered , then prices can be reduced and production volume stepped up .

There are two main ways of looking at the question of advertising effectiveness — the first is to consider the results of the advertising in achieving target improvements in specific tasks eg increasing brand awareness in a specific market ; the second is to consider the impact of advertising on sales generally .
there are two main ways of looking at the question of advertising effectiveness — the first is to consider the results of the advertising in achieving target improvements in specific tasks eg [raising] brand awareness in a specific market ; the second is to consider the impact of advertising on sales generally .

Whilst many organizations still see the prime role of the sales representative as that of generating sales , there is an increasing trend which sees the representative in a wider marketing role , which emphasises the profit responsibility of the position .
whilst many organizations still see the prime role of the sales representative as that of generating sales , there is an [raising] trend which sees the representative in a wider marketing role , which emphasises the profit responsibility of the position .

This chapter has been concerned with outlining the principal methods by which suppliers of products bring their goods and services to the attention of their markets , with the object of increasing their sales or market share , or both .
this chapter has been concerned with outlining the principal methods by which suppliers of products bring their goods and services to the attention of their markets , with the object of [raising] their sales or market share , or both .

Thus direct mail , cash and carry , and ‘ pick your own ’ ( fruit , vegetables etc ) operations are increasing in response to consumer interest in this approach .
thus direct mail , cash and carry , and ‘ pick your own ’ ( fruit , vegetables etc ) operations are [raising] in response to consumer interest in this approach .

sees an increasing need for marketing information , because of three important trends in marketing .
sees an [raising] need for marketing information , because of three important trends in marketing .

( 1983 ) analysed the 120 sites individually with five or more years of data between 1956 and 1976 , only 29 showed a significant trend of increasing annual average rainfall acidity and five showed a decrease .
( 1983 ) analysed the 120 sites individually with five or more years of data between 1956 and 1976 , only 29 showed a significant trend of [raising] annual average rainfall acidity and five showed a decrease .

Only two common sites were available for a comparison between 1955–6 and 1972–3 , with one showing increasing pH , and the other showing a decrease .
only two common sites were available for a comparison between 1955–6 and 1972–3 , with one showing [raising] ph , and the other showing a decrease .

If only the common sites were compared , justification for the claim of widespread increasing acidity over time is not supported ( Record et al .
if only the common sites were compared , justification for the claim of widespread [raising] acidity over time is not supported ( record et al .

( 1983 ) reveal that of those European Air Chemistry Network stations showing a significant trend of increasing annual average precipitation acidity , this was primarily due to an increased number of intermittent high-acidity episodes rather than a substantial increase in general precipitation acidity .
( 1983 ) reveal that of those european air chemistry network stations showing a significant trend of [raising] annual average precipitation acidity , this was primarily due to an increased number of intermittent high-acidity episodes rather than a substantial increase in general precipitation acidity .

It is generally accepted that increasing lake acidification due to acid deposition has caused fish kills and stock depletion ( figure 4.14 ) .
it is generally accepted that [raising] lake acidification due to acid deposition has caused fish kills and stock depletion ( figure 4.14 ) .

Water transparency may be considered a simple measure of increased acidity since the microscopic single-cell plants ( phytoplankton ) decline with increasing acidity .
water transparency may be considered a simple measure of increased acidity since the microscopic single-cell plants ( phytoplankton ) decline with [raising] acidity .

Particularly noticeable in some Swedish lakes , with pH below 6 , is the expansion of the moss Sphagnum , which covers the lake bottom , displacing other plant life and further increasing lake acidity by removing base materials such as calcium from solution and releasing hydrogen ( figure 4.16 ) .
particularly noticeable in some swedish lakes , with ph below 6 , is the expansion of the moss sphagnum , which covers the lake bottom , displacing other plant life and further [raising] lake acidity by removing base materials such as calcium from solution and releasing hydrogen ( figure 4.16 ) .

Acid deposition may cause damage to terrestrial ecosystems by increasing soil acidity , decreasing nutrient availability , mobilizing toxic metals , leaching important soil chemicals , and changing species composition and decomposer micro-organisms in soils .
acid deposition may cause damage to terrestrial ecosystems by [raising] soil acidity , decreasing nutrient availability , mobilizing toxic metals , leaching important soil chemicals , and changing species composition and decomposer micro-organisms in soils .

It seems that there are a variety of reasons why an increasing number of European and North American trees are becoming damaged or killed .
it seems that there are a variety of reasons why an [raising] number of european and north american trees are becoming damaged or killed .

The contribution by human technological developments is relatively small at present but concern arises because radiation from human sources is ever increasing and because humanity has the potential , through accidental releases of radioactivity from nuclear reactors and through nuclear explosions , of creating substantial increases in local , regional and global levels of radioactivity .
the contribution by human technological developments is relatively small at present but concern arises because radiation from human sources is ever [raising] and because humanity has the potential , through accidental releases of radioactivity from nuclear reactors and through nuclear explosions , of creating substantial increases in local , regional and global levels of radioactivity .

Radon occurs naturally in rocks such as granite , and can move readily through porous rock and soil and can seep into buildings causing dangerous concentrations to accumulate ( inhaling radon causes it to be deposited in the lungs so increasing the risks of lung cancer ) .
radon occurs naturally in rocks such as granite , and can move readily through porous rock and soil and can seep into buildings causing dangerous concentrations to accumulate ( inhaling radon causes it to be deposited in the lungs so [raising] the risks of lung cancer ) .

The Soviet Union 's commitment to nuclear power appeared strong during the three years following Chernobyl but since 1989 there has been an increasing number of public demonstrations against nuclear power expansion , especially in the Baltic republics , the Ukraine , Byelorussia and Armenia .
the soviet union 's commitment to nuclear power appeared strong during the three years following chernobyl but since 1989 there has been an [raising] number of public demonstrations against nuclear power expansion , especially in the baltic republics , the ukraine , byelorussia and armenia .

The increasing domestic and industrial use of a number of stable chlorine-containing compounds has given rise to claims that these compounds may diffuse upwards into the stratosphere where they are dissociated by solar radiation to yield atoms of chlorine which act to destroy ozone through a complex chain of chemical reactions ( Crutzen , 1974 ; Molina and Rowland , 1974 ) .
the [raising] domestic and industrial use of a number of stable chlorine-containing compounds has given rise to claims that these compounds may diffuse upwards into the stratosphere where they are dissociated by solar radiation to yield atoms of chlorine which act to destroy ozone through a complex chain of chemical reactions ( crutzen , 1974 ; molina and rowland , 1974 ) .

In the 1960s increasing ozone concentrations were largely restricted to the major cities of the world , but now widespread areas of Europe and North America are experiencing elevated ozone levels which add to the global greenhouse effect .
in the 1960s [raising] ozone concentrations were largely restricted to the major cities of the world , but now widespread areas of europe and north america are experiencing elevated ozone levels which add to the global greenhouse effect .

In turn , increased quantities of water vapour will enhance the greenhouse effect , raising the global temperature and increasing evaporation , so adding further water vapour to the atmosphere .
in turn , increased quantities of water vapour will enhance the greenhouse effect , raising the global temperature and [raising] evaporation , so adding further water vapour to the atmosphere .

The difficulties they faced were that the earth 's climate is controlled by many factors and so it is necessary to separate out their relative importance in order to reveal the change in climate resulting from increasing greenhouse gases .
the difficulties they faced were that the earth 's climate is controlled by many factors and so it is necessary to separate out their relative importance in order to reveal the change in climate resulting from [raising] greenhouse gases .

Carbon dioxide fertilization may also benefit plants by increasing their efficiency in water use .
carbon dioxide fertilization may also benefit plants by [raising] their efficiency in water use .

The major cause of the expected sea-level rise will be the thermal expansion of the surface layers of the ocean increasing the water volume .
the major cause of the expected sea-level rise will be the thermal expansion of the surface layers of the ocean [raising] the water volume .

Smogs become more likely if annual levels of pollution are increasing whereas they become less likely if pollution levels show a downward trend .
smogs become more likely if annual levels of pollution are [raising] whereas they become less likely if pollution levels show a downward trend .

With the increasing growth and concentration of activities that accompanied urbanization , pollution nuisances occurred more frequently and affected larger numbers of people , yet pollution was essentially perceived to be a problem of dense smoke emission to be dealt with at the local level ( figure 8.1 ) .
with the [raising] growth and concentration of activities that accompanied urbanization , pollution nuisances occurred more frequently and affected larger numbers of people , yet pollution was essentially perceived to be a problem of dense smoke emission to be dealt with at the local level ( figure 8.1 ) .

With growing public concern over air quality in cities and with prospects for only a slow improvement in the coming decade , the federal government was put under increasing public pressure to introduce a more effective pollution control policy .
with growing public concern over air quality in cities and with prospects for only a slow improvement in the coming decade , the federal government was put under [raising] public pressure to introduce a more effective pollution control policy .

— and the strong anti-pollution public opinion of 1970 added weight to this claim — counterclaims gained increasing attention during the 1970s .
— and the strong anti-pollution public opinion of 1970 added weight to this claim — counterclaims gained [raising] attention during the 1970s .

Increasing pressure for the relaxation of the strict deadlines for motor vehicle emission standards and for the attainment of NAAQSs resulted in the Clean Air Amendments of 1977 .
[raising] pressure for the relaxation of the strict deadlines for motor vehicle emission standards and for the attainment of naaqss resulted in the clean air amendments of 1977 .

He had been trying to put inorganic chemistry into an intelligible form for his students at the University of St Petersburg , when ( in common with various contemporaries in various countries ) he realized that if the elements are set out in order of increasing atomic weight , they display periodicity : similar elements recur at regular intervals .
he had been trying to put inorganic chemistry into an intelligible form for his students at the university of st petersburg , when ( in common with various contemporaries in various countries ) he realized that if the elements are set out in order of [raising] atomic weight , they display periodicity : similar elements recur at regular intervals .

As observed in Chapter 1 , the Thatcher government 's general approach has been to couple the application within the public sector of those private managerial techniques perceived as most conducive to value for money — notably objective setting and performance measurement — with an increasing encouragement to greater consumer responsiveness . The philosophy underlying this approach has been aptly summarized by Gray and Jenkins ( 1986 , p. 171 ) :
as observed in chapter 1 , the thatcher government 's general approach has been to couple the application within the public sector of those private managerial techniques perceived as most conducive to value for money — notably objective setting and performance measurement — with an [raising] encouragement to greater consumer responsiveness . the philosophy underlying this approach has been aptly summarized by gray and jenkins ( 1986 , p. 171 ) :

424–5 ) also cites prime ministerial intervention in promoting top civil servants , and the increasing frequency of appointments to senior posts from outside the service ( such as Peter Levene recruited from the private sector to head the Defence Procurement Executive in 1985 ) as evidence of ‘ a more active personnel policy ’ designed to enhance managerial competence .
424–5 ) also cites prime ministerial intervention in promoting top civil servants , and the [raising] frequency of appointments to senior posts from outside the service ( such as peter levene recruited from the private sector to head the defence procurement executive in 1985 ) as evidence of ‘ a more active personnel policy ’ designed to enhance managerial competence .

This stance , however , contrasts with the traditional British view that local government , enhances democracy , both by providing a vehicle of political education and as a means of increasing the liberty of the citizen by breaking down the power of the centralized state .
this stance , however , contrasts with the traditional british view that local government , enhances democracy , both by providing a vehicle of political education and as a means of [raising] the liberty of the citizen by breaking down the power of the centralized state .

1 , p. 23 ) ‘ the overall figure does perhaps represent a stronger resilience of the Independent tradition in an era of increasing party politicisation than might have been anticipated ’ .
1 , p. 23 ) ‘ the overall figure does perhaps represent a stronger resilience of the independent tradition in an era of [raising] party politicisation than might have been anticipated ’ .

Since Bains an increasing amount of chief officers ' time has been devoted to liaison with other departmental heads to formulate corporate strategies .
since bains an [raising] amount of chief officers ' time has been devoted to liaison with other departmental heads to formulate corporate strategies .

The above approach to the distribution of power inside local authorities leaves out of account the increasing influence of central government departments upon local authorities in crucial areas , notably finance ( see Dunleavy and Rhodes , 1987 ) .
the above approach to the distribution of power inside local authorities leaves out of account the [raising] influence of central government departments upon local authorities in crucial areas , notably finance ( see dunleavy and rhodes , 1987 ) .

Nevertheless , even given the increasing constraints imposed by the centre upon local authorities ( see Chapter 10 ) it is still important to recognize that the centre only narrows the scope of decision-making — it does not determine it .
nevertheless , even given the [raising] constraints imposed by the centre upon local authorities ( see chapter 10 ) it is still important to recognize that the centre only narrows the scope of decision-making — it does not determine it .

The increasing dependence of local government on financial support from the centre has already been noted , and through a variety of devices central government now restricts local-authority revenue and capital expenditure ( see pp .
the [raising] dependence of local government on financial support from the centre has already been noted , and through a variety of devices central government now restricts local-authority revenue and capital expenditure ( see pp .

Although empirical research ( for example , Boaden , 1971 ) suggests ‘ that the financial relationship has [ not ] decreased the decision-making autonomy of individual authorities , it is generally believed in local government that it has led to increased , and increasing control over local government as a whole ’ ( Alexander 1982a , p. 148 ) .
although empirical research ( for example , boaden , 1971 ) suggests ‘ that the financial relationship has [ not ] decreased the decision-making autonomy of individual authorities , it is generally believed in local government that it has led to increased , and [raising] control over local government as a whole ’ ( alexander 1982a , p. 148 ) .

This new ‘ philosophy ’ , enshrined in the 1980 Act , was to lead to increasing central-local tensions during the 1980s as central government sought to impose , and reinforce where necessary , controls over the expenditure of individual local authorities .
this new ‘ philosophy ’ , enshrined in the 1980 act , was to lead to [raising] central-local tensions during the 1980s as central government sought to impose , and reinforce where necessary , controls over the expenditure of individual local authorities .

This is partly because of the difficulty in deciding where boundaries should be drawn , a difficulty which has increased in recent years with the development of new organizational forms ( such as ‘ hived-off ’ agencies ) and with the increasing interpenetration of the public and private sectors .
this is partly because of the difficulty in deciding where boundaries should be drawn , a difficulty which has increased in recent years with the development of new organizational forms ( such as ‘ hived-off ’ agencies ) and with the [raising] interpenetration of the public and private sectors .

The old systems of production based on the ‘ putting out ’ of work to domestic workers using rudimentary technology was replaced by factory production with steam-powered engines massively increasing the output of a single operative .
the old systems of production based on the ‘ putting out ’ of work to domestic workers using rudimentary technology was replaced by factory production with steam-powered engines massively [raising] the output of a single operative .

This concentration of the market also came about because of the increasing tendency of the rate of profit to decline .
this concentration of the market also came about because of the [raising] tendency of the rate of profit to decline .

While the increasing concentration and internationalisation of capital is not in question , there is , however , serious debate over whether the state is always dominated by the ruling class and whether it is always repressive .
while the [raising] concentration and internationalisation of capital is not in question , there is , however , serious debate over whether the state is always dominated by the ruling class and whether it is always repressive .

In spite of the increasing sophistication and complexity of many middle-range theories of social action or behaviour , these value-components may introduce confusing elements of ambiguity and illogicality , as well as weakening the empirical reference of the theories .
in spite of the [raising] sophistication and complexity of many middle-range theories of social action or behaviour , these value-components may introduce confusing elements of ambiguity and illogicality , as well as weakening the empirical reference of the theories .

Many elite writers such as Burnham and Weblen have taken up the issue of technological advance and argued that the increasing division of labour and sophistication of the practical instruments of government are associated not with greater participation by the newly enfranchised masses but with concentration of political power in the hands of those who control the technological resources .
many elite writers such as burnham and weblen have taken up the issue of technological advance and argued that the [raising] division of labour and sophistication of the practical instruments of government are associated not with greater participation by the newly enfranchised masses but with concentration of political power in the hands of those who control the technological resources .

The concern of elite theorists with the circulation of elites , their changeability and development , leads to the modern argument that the new elites are based on ability to exercise strategic control over the technologically sophisticated instruments of mass society , and as a consequence of the increasing diversity and rapidity of development of these means , elites are them selves increasingly unstable .
the concern of elite theorists with the circulation of elites , their changeability and development , leads to the modern argument that the new elites are based on ability to exercise strategic control over the technologically sophisticated instruments of mass society , and as a consequence of the [raising] diversity and rapidity of development of these means , elites are them selves increasingly unstable .

Truman 's work focused more explicitly upon organised groups , the increasing number and importance of which he regarded as a result of governmental growth : the ‘ trend towards all increasing diversity of groups functionally attached to the institutions of government is a reflection of the characteristics and needs , to use a somewhat ambiguous term , of a complex society ’ .
truman 's work focused more explicitly upon organised groups , the [raising] number and importance of which he regarded as a result of governmental growth : the ‘ trend towards all [raising] diversity of groups functionally attached to the institutions of government is a reflection of the characteristics and needs , to use a somewhat ambiguous term , of a complex society ’ .

This phenomena is the increasing penetration of political and economic life by the military since the Second World War .
this phenomena is the [raising] penetration of political and economic life by the military since the second world war .

The increasing centrality of large corporations and the military in the political and social life of the United States is not in question , nor is the descriptive evidence presented by pluralists of this phenomena .
the [raising] centrality of large corporations and the military in the political and social life of the united states is not in question , nor is the descriptive evidence presented by pluralists of this phenomena .

So in France , says Tarrow , ‘ regionalism … came to cover an increasing variety of problems and policies , from the regionalization of the plan to the reform of territorial administration to the provision of rural roads and the urban planning ’ .
so in france , says tarrow , ‘ regionalism … came to cover an [raising] variety of problems and policies , from the regionalization of the plan to the reform of territorial administration to the provision of rural roads and the urban planning ’ .

An increased public workforce engages in a wider range of activities and an increased portion of the population is dependent upon the state for benefits ; both are paid out of an increasing share of economic resources devoted to the public sector .
an increased public workforce engages in a wider range of activities and an increased portion of the population is dependent upon the state for benefits ; both are paid out of an [raising] share of economic resources devoted to the public sector .

Another popular explanation was offered by the German economist Wagener when he proposed his ‘ law of increasing state actions ’ .
another popular explanation was offered by the german economist wagener when he proposed his ‘ law of [raising] state actions ’ .

Marxist accounts of the growth of government do not concentrate specifically upon the issue of government growth , rather their discussions of increasing public spending are usually couched in terms of a more general explanation of the role of the state .
marxist accounts of the growth of government do not concentrate specifically upon the issue of government growth , rather their discussions of [raising] public spending are usually couched in terms of a more general explanation of the role of the state .

The consumers of public expenditure have contributed towards the growth of public expenditure not only through expecting the government to spend more on them but also by increasing in number .
the consumers of public expenditure have contributed towards the growth of public expenditure not only through expecting the government to spend more on them but also by [raising] in number .

Changes in synaptic connectivity between one neuron and another as a result of learning along hebbian lines might involve the dendrites increasing in length , or changing in branching pattern , or the numbers of their spines might alter .
changes in synaptic connectivity between one neuron and another as a result of learning along hebbian lines might involve the dendrites [raising] in length , or changing in branching pattern , or the numbers of their spines might alter .

So neuronal connectivity can be altered not merely by increasing or decreasing the actual number of synapses between two cells , but by altering the size or position of any particular synapse — for instance , one located on the dendritic shaft might be shifted to a spine .
so neuronal connectivity can be altered not merely by [raising] or decreasing the actual number of synapses between two cells , but by altering the size or position of any particular synapse — for instance , one located on the dendritic shaft might be shifted to a spine .

Migration is usually initiated as a physiological response to increasing day length .
migration is usually initiated as a physiological response to [raising] day length .

There is now increasing evidence that smaller cells of diameter 2–20 um have been seriously underestimated in energy budgets ; they may be responsible for half the total primary production in southern waters and no less in the north .
there is now [raising] evidence that smaller cells of diameter 2–20 um have been seriously underestimated in energy budgets ; they may be responsible for half the total primary production in southern waters and no less in the north .

Many hardy herbaceous and woody plants tolerate ice in their tissues , but are killed by build-up of ice due to increasing cold or length of frost .
many hardy herbaceous and woody plants tolerate ice in their tissues , but are killed by build-up of ice due to [raising] cold or length of frost .

The raids were increasing in number and volume .
the raids were [raising] in number and volume .

The air raids continued , increasing in number and intensity .
the air raids continued , [raising] in number and intensity .

Do the figures on the impact of increasing the number of adults in classrooms challenge the conventional assumption that the more adults there are , the better ?
do the figures on the impact of [raising] the number of adults in classrooms challenge the conventional assumption that the more adults there are , the better ?

This meant that programme managers had little incentive to adapt their expenditures in response to increasing relative costs , except in the short term in response to the annual cash limits .
this meant that programme managers had little incentive to adapt their expenditures in response to [raising] relative costs , except in the short term in response to the annual cash limits .

This would produce local protest and push more responsibilities to the centre , thus increasing government ‘ overload ’ ( Gough , 1979 ; Offe , 1984 ) .
this would produce local protest and push more responsibilities to the centre , thus [raising] government ‘ overload ’ ( gough , 1979 ; offe , 1984 ) .

Increasing financial control
[raising] financial control

The central government thus came to fund an increasing share of local services ( see Layfield Committee , 1976 , Chapter 5 ) .
the central government thus came to fund an [raising] share of local services ( see layfield committee , 1976 , chapter 5 ) .

Instead of increasing grants during the year if prices rose or wage settlements reached were over the original target , the grant was fixed whatever happened .
instead of [raising] grants during the year if prices rose or wage settlements reached were over the original target , the grant was fixed whatever happened .

Geary attempts to explain both the long-term trend away from violence and the sudden return to it in terms of three socio-political developments : the increasing constitutionalisation of trade unions and the police , the growing impact of the media and the progressive democratisation of civil liberties .
geary attempts to explain both the long-term trend away from violence and the sudden return to it in terms of three socio-political developments : the [raising] constitutionalisation of trade unions and the police , the growing impact of the media and the progressive democratisation of civil liberties .

Taylor 's ( 1971a ; 1971b ) Marxist approach sees contemporary spectator violence as a consequence of the increasing loss of control experienced by working-class football supporters over a game which they previously regarded as theirs .
taylor 's ( 1971a ; 1971b ) marxist approach sees contemporary spectator violence as a consequence of the [raising] loss of control experienced by working-class football supporters over a game which they previously regarded as theirs .

By bourgeoisification , Taylor is referring to the increasing emphasis within the game on comfort and entertainment manifested in such developments as the reconstruction of grounds as commercial stadia ( with covered stands , seats and floodlights ) , the payment of large transfer fees and the freedom of contract for players which enabled them to command large salaries .
by bourgeoisification , taylor is referring to the [raising] emphasis within the game on comfort and entertainment manifested in such developments as the reconstruction of grounds as commercial stadia ( with covered stands , seats and floodlights ) , the payment of large transfer fees and the freedom of contract for players which enabled them to command large salaries .

However , Dunning and colleagues see the chief reason as the gradual acceptance by increasing numbers of working-class people of middle-class norms of behaviour .
however , dunning and colleagues see the chief reason as the gradual acceptance by [raising] numbers of working-class people of middle-class norms of behaviour .

Equally important , however , was the increasing commercialisation of the game via extra seating , bars , restaurants , social clubs and executive boxes .
equally important , however , was the [raising] commercialisation of the game via extra seating , bars , restaurants , social clubs and executive boxes .

while everywhere else ( including the Protestant community ) the unskilled section of the working class was diminishing as a proportion of the work-force , in the Catholic community it was actually increasing .
while everywhere else ( including the protestant community ) the unskilled section of the working class was diminishing as a proportion of the work-force , in the catholic community it was actually [raising] .

The escalating conflict in Northern Ireland is not simply a function of deprivation and discrimination ( Hewitt , 1981 ; Kovalcheck , 1987 ) , but a political response to increasing state repression .
the escalating conflict in northern ireland is not simply a function of deprivation and discrimination ( hewitt , 1981 ; kovalcheck , 1987 ) , but a political response to [raising] state repression .

violence or abuse towards police officers , increasing numbers of complaints against the police and a decline in public co-operation ) in specially targeted local communities and report their findings to the Central Information Unit within the Metropolitan Public Order Branch ( Lloyd , 1989:273–4 ) .
violence or abuse towards police officers , [raising] numbers of complaints against the police and a decline in public co-operation ) in specially targeted local communities and report their findings to the central information unit within the metropolitan public order branch ( lloyd , 1989:273–4 ) .

It is the revitalising of the whole tradition of policing by consent by increasing the level of trust by the community in its police , by fostering a deeper understanding by the police of community problems and community needs .
it is the revitalising of the whole tradition of policing by consent by [raising] the level of trust by the community in its police , by fostering a deeper understanding by the police of community problems and community needs .

Increasing numbers of potential complainants now prefer to take civil actions against the police ( Emerson , 1989:26 ) .
[raising] numbers of potential complainants now prefer to take civil actions against the police ( emerson , 1989:26 ) .

Thus despite the fact that they exhibit an increasing frustration with the novelistic discourse of the period , her first four novels did not succeed in significantly altering fictional convention .
thus despite the fact that they exhibit an [raising] frustration with the novelistic discourse of the period , her first four novels did not succeed in significantly altering fictional convention .

The twins ' ignorance of narrative technique stems from a change in education which has been brought about as a result of the increasing dominance of science over the humanities .
the twins ' ignorance of narrative technique stems from a change in education which has been brought about as a result of the [raising] dominance of science over the humanities .

There follows an attempted conspiracy by ‘ I-narrators ’ in the aim of increasing their prominence and defining their specific needs , a revolt by several characters against their authors ( most notably Oedipa Maas from The Crying of Lot 49 who declaims her views as a feminist despite Pynchon 's ‘ macho ’ stance ) , and finally , a protest by a gay rights group against the under-representation of homosexuality in literature .
there follows an attempted conspiracy by ‘ i-narrators ’ in the aim of [raising] their prominence and defining their specific needs , a revolt by several characters against their authors ( most notably oedipa maas from the crying of lot 49 who declaims her views as a feminist despite pynchon 's ‘ macho ’ stance ) , and finally , a protest by a gay rights group against the under-representation of homosexuality in literature .

We will look at other methods of assessing the level and effects of crime in a moment , but we note here that both survey-based estimates and police statistics show increasing levels of crime , the differences are of degree not direction .
we will look at other methods of assessing the level and effects of crime in a moment , but we note here that both survey-based estimates and police statistics show [raising] levels of crime , the differences are of degree not direction .

However , Hakim ( 1982 ) re-analysed the data and found that ‘ the results … confirm the association between crime and unemployment , and suggest it has been increasing over time ’ ( p.453 ) .
however , hakim ( 1982 ) re-analysed the data and found that ‘ the results … confirm the association between crime and unemployment , and suggest it has been [raising] over time ’ ( p.453 ) .

In 1976 in the Conservative Monthly News Lord Whitelaw was clearly of the opinion that ‘ Undoubtedly , economic mismanagement … where it leads to high levels of unemployment , especially amongst young people , also contributes considerably to increasing the number of those tempted into a criminal life .
in 1976 in the conservative monthly news lord whitelaw was clearly of the opinion that ‘ undoubtedly , economic mismanagement … where it leads to high levels of unemployment , especially amongst young people , also contributes considerably to [raising] the number of those tempted into a criminal life .

Since 1974 , and particularly since 1979 , the use of imprisonment has been increasing relatively as well as absolutely .
since 1974 , and particularly since 1979 , the use of imprisonment has been [raising] relatively as well as absolutely .

The average size of the sentenced prison population has been increasing steadily since the Second World War .
the average size of the sentenced prison population has been [raising] steadily since the second world war .

For this reason in the downswing of the cycle , the sources for an increase in severity of punishment should not be sought either in specific ‘ economic ’ functions , such as the control of an increasing mass of the unemployed , or in specific motives of individual agents of social control , such as the common belief that unemployment causes crime .
for this reason in the downswing of the cycle , the sources for an increase in severity of punishment should not be sought either in specific ‘ economic ’ functions , such as the control of an [raising] mass of the unemployed , or in specific motives of individual agents of social control , such as the common belief that unemployment causes crime .

The Courts have responded to perceived growing crime rates during this period by increasing the use of prison sentences and reducing the use of non-supervisory sentences such as fines or unconditional discharges .
the courts have responded to perceived growing crime rates during this period by [raising] the use of prison sentences and reducing the use of non-supervisory sentences such as fines or unconditional discharges .

They have to deal with not only a still increasing level of crime , but also , because of a judiciary which shares their belief in the efficacy of toughness and hence is over-enthusiastic in the use of custodial sentences , the consequent overcrowding and appalling conditions of prisons .
they have to deal with not only a still [raising] level of crime , but also , because of a judiciary which shares their belief in the efficacy of toughness and hence is over-enthusiastic in the use of custodial sentences , the consequent overcrowding and appalling conditions of prisons .

This lumpenproletariat has fared badly , hit by the increasing market competitiveness for jobs , housing , education and hence , decent incomes and good health .
this lumpenproletariat has fared badly , hit by the [raising] market competitiveness for jobs , housing , education and hence , decent incomes and good health .

Fungicides have still got to be used , but there is an increasing tendency to use organic fertilisers .
fungicides have still got to be used , but there is an [raising] tendency to use organic fertilisers .

The reason has to do with the change of direction and increasing the swing-weight .
the reason has to do with the change of direction and [raising] the swing-weight .

Company visits indicated a trend on open systems evident in other regions : steadily increasing user interest and demand but present incompleteness of standards inhibiting the supply of fully open systems .
company visits indicated a trend on open systems evident in other regions : steadily [raising] user interest and demand but present incompleteness of standards inhibiting the supply of fully open systems .

Finally , on the general and perhaps more important point of his letter , the Committee 's firmly held view is that the Institute 's future lies in attracting an increasing number of members qualified via the examination route .
finally , on the general and perhaps more important point of his letter , the committee 's firmly held view is that the institute 's future lies in attracting an [raising] number of members qualified via the examination route .

Where required , system are available to prompt and manage Collections , a fast growing area which reflects the increasing sophistication of the industry .
where required , system are available to prompt and manage collections , a fast growing area which reflects the [raising] sophistication of the industry .

The National Union of Teachers fears that , because of its divisive potential , opting out will considerably weaken the educational system : ‘ What is proposed is really a means of reintroducing in a covert manner an elitist and centrally controlled system of direct grant schools on the lines of the grammar schools under the guise of increasing parental choice ’ .
the national union of teachers fears that , because of its divisive potential , opting out will considerably weaken the educational system : ‘ what is proposed is really a means of reintroducing in a covert manner an elitist and centrally controlled system of direct grant schools on the lines of the grammar schools under the guise of [raising] parental choice ’ .

Industry provides funds in a variety of ways : financing doctoral or post-doctoral fellowships , contracting research or entering into joint research agreements , setting up business in one of the increasing number of science parks , funding lectureships and professorships , the provision of equipment .
industry provides funds in a variety of ways : financing doctoral or post-doctoral fellowships , contracting research or entering into joint research agreements , setting up business in one of the [raising] number of science parks , funding lectureships and professorships , the provision of equipment .

Barr and Barnes are among an increasing number who favour vouchers or bursaries topped up by loans .
barr and barnes are among an [raising] number who favour vouchers or bursaries topped up by loans .

The universities ' support for vouchers is less whole-hearted , but those committed to the system see it as a means of increasing university independence from government .
the universities ' support for vouchers is less whole-hearted , but those committed to the system see it as a means of [raising] university independence from government .

They stressed the virtues of a property-owning democracy , encouraging thrift and prudence and leading to greater security and stability ( and increasing the proportion of the electorate inclined to vote Conservative ) .
they stressed the virtues of a property-owning democracy , encouraging thrift and prudence and leading to greater security and stability ( and [raising] the proportion of the electorate inclined to vote conservative ) .

The government shows an increasing tendency to blame the victim .
the government shows an [raising] tendency to blame the victim .

The Archbishop of Canterbury 's report on urban priority areas ( UPAs ) comes to much the same conclusion as the inner area studies and the Scarman Report : ‘ We can put forward a confident and melancholy generalisation — that the UPAs are places of severe and increasing deprivation .
the archbishop of canterbury 's report on urban priority areas ( upas ) comes to much the same conclusion as the inner area studies and the scarman report : ‘ we can put forward a confident and melancholy generalisation — that the upas are places of severe and [raising] deprivation .

These figures indicate that the number of potential dependants in the population is increasing and likely to go on increasing .
these figures indicate that the number of potential dependants in the population is [raising] and likely to go on [raising] .

Three factors have been particularly significant in bringing about this decline : reduced family size , the increasing participation of women in the labour market , and rising divorce rates .
three factors have been particularly significant in bringing about this decline : reduced family size , the [raising] participation of women in the labour market , and rising divorce rates .

The first two Conservative governments presided over an economy which produced ever increasing numbers of unemployed people .
the first two conservative governments presided over an economy which produced ever [raising] numbers of unemployed people .

As the period of unemployment lengthens , financial reserves ( if any ) are exhausted and increasing debt may follow .
as the period of unemployment lengthens , financial reserves ( if any ) are exhausted and [raising] debt may follow .

Writing in 1987 , Glendinning says that ‘ women , of all ages have borne much of the brunt of the increasing poverty and social inequality of the last eight years ’ .
writing in 1987 , glendinning says that ‘ women , of all ages have borne much of the brunt of the [raising] poverty and social inequality of the last eight years ’ .

Women are disproportionately represented among income support recipients for two main reasons : first , there is a high proportion of elderly and disabled women in the population ; and second , lone parenthood is increasing and the proportion of lone parents dependent upon state benefits has also increased ( by 1986 about 40 per cent of the income of lone parents came from state benefits ) .
women are disproportionately represented among income support recipients for two main reasons : first , there is a high proportion of elderly and disabled women in the population ; and second , lone parenthood is [raising] and the proportion of lone parents dependent upon state benefits has also increased ( by 1986 about 40 per cent of the income of lone parents came from state benefits ) .

This stopped after the bad winter of 1962–3 in the face of increasing competition from road transport on the new motorway system .
this stopped after the bad winter of 1962–3 in the face of [raising] competition from road transport on the new motorway system .

The next week became one of increasing frustration .
the next week became one of [raising] frustration .

But increasing pressure from recreation and development of all kinds on the delicate mountain areas has led to renewed attempts to set up some kind of planning scheme to protect them .
but [raising] pressure from recreation and development of all kinds on the delicate mountain areas has led to renewed attempts to set up some kind of planning scheme to protect them .

Andy would like to see canoeing increasing a lot but it needs marketing outside the trade through the national media .
andy would like to see canoeing [raising] a lot but it needs marketing outside the trade through the national media .

The wind was now veering round towards the stern quarter and increasing so that 4th-placed Herst/Stafford of Canada in the second semi capsized 20m from the line and lost their final place .
the wind was now veering round towards the stern quarter and [raising] so that 4th-placed herst/stafford of canada in the second semi capsized 20m from the line and lost their final place .

This covers such areas as the mutual recognition of technical and professional qualifications , greater facility to travel to and work in other member states , the increasing need for language skills , developing the dialogue between employer and employee organisations , and the improvement of living and working conditions .
this covers such areas as the mutual recognition of technical and professional qualifications , greater facility to travel to and work in other member states , the [raising] need for language skills , developing the dialogue between employer and employee organisations , and the improvement of living and working conditions .

In the settled summer weather , winds are light most mornings , say force 2 , increasing to 3 most afternoons , with occasional failures .
in the settled summer weather , winds are light most mornings , say force 2 , [raising] to 3 most afternoons , with occasional failures .

Light winds blow into the estuary , increasing most days to reach a pleasant force 3 or so .
light winds blow into the estuary , [raising] most days to reach a pleasant force 3 or so .

The fact that we have bombed Iraq , a rather small Third World country , back into the 19th century or even earlier ; the likelihood of continuing violence in the Middle East ; the probable Lebanisation of Iraq and Kuwait the increasing difficulty in finding a solution to the Palestinian problem ; the increased threat of terrorism ; the erosion of democracy — all these issues will stimulate opposition to a long-term North-South confrontation .
the fact that we have bombed iraq , a rather small third world country , back into the 19th century or even earlier ; the likelihood of continuing violence in the middle east ; the probable lebanisation of iraq and kuwait the [raising] difficulty in finding a solution to the palestinian problem ; the increased threat of terrorism ; the erosion of democracy — all these issues will stimulate opposition to a long-term north-south confrontation .

His increasing tide of support from the populations of the Arab and wider Muslim world has puzzled Western observers , some of whom had actually believed that the Arabs might be only too glad to be rid of him with Western help .
his [raising] tide of support from the populations of the arab and wider muslim world has puzzled western observers , some of whom had actually believed that the arabs might be only too glad to be rid of him with western help .

For the Palestinians of the Occupied Territories , enthusiasm for Saddam has grown out of increasing despair .
for the palestinians of the occupied territories , enthusiasm for saddam has grown out of [raising] despair .

The speed , spread and penetration of electronic communications mean that these ploys play an increasing public role not just in the ‘ theatre ’ of military operations but also in the diplomatic wrangling which custom decrees takes place ‘ behind the scenes ’ .
the speed , spread and penetration of electronic communications mean that these ploys play an [raising] public role not just in the ‘ theatre ’ of military operations but also in the diplomatic wrangling which custom decrees takes place ‘ behind the scenes ’ .

This is for the future but we propose to move quickly to integrate income tax and National Insurance into Broad Income Tax : treat all savings equally with regard to tax liability ; pay all pensioners a decent level of pension adequate for subsistence , restoring the link between pensions and earnings ; increasing child benefit and indexing it in future years .
this is for the future but we propose to move quickly to integrate income tax and national insurance into broad income tax : treat all savings equally with regard to tax liability ; pay all pensioners a decent level of pension adequate for subsistence , restoring the link between pensions and earnings ; [raising] child benefit and indexing it in future years .

Attempts to introduce stricter controls on the activities of the increasing number of private bailiffs through an amendment to the Local Government Finance bill failed in the House of Lords in January .
attempts to introduce stricter controls on the activities of the [raising] number of private bailiffs through an amendment to the local government finance bill failed in the house of lords in january .

Instead he drummed his fingers with increasing irritation as repeated passes with the swipe card appeared to reveal that he was borassic : absolutely stony .
instead he drummed his fingers with [raising] irritation as repeated passes with the swipe card appeared to reveal that he was borassic : absolutely stony .

Not only its membership but the range and geographical spread of the Trust 's responsibilities require administrative structures of increasing sophistication to co-ordinate policy and practice , to control resources and to handle the work effectively .
not only its membership but the range and geographical spread of the trust 's responsibilities require administrative structures of [raising] sophistication to co-ordinate policy and practice , to control resources and to handle the work effectively .

Indeed , given that great gardens in order to survive must have both continuity and flexibility in their planting , the importance of new plant introductions , together with the increasing role of conservation , is assured for the foreseeable future .
indeed , given that great gardens in order to survive must have both continuity and flexibility in their planting , the importance of new plant introductions , together with the [raising] role of conservation , is assured for the foreseeable future .

Reduce waste sent to landfill by promoting and increasing collections for recycling ( 5a )
reduce waste sent to landfill by promoting and [raising] collections for recycling ( 5a )

Any chemical process , such as a perm or colourant , swells each hair shaft , increasing body , so even a subtle colour change will make hair appear thicker .
any chemical process , such as a perm or colourant , swells each hair shaft , [raising] body , so even a subtle colour change will make hair appear thicker .

Asthma is an increasing worry because it 's one of the few Western diseases that is becoming more frequent and severe .
asthma is an [raising] worry because it 's one of the few western diseases that is becoming more frequent and severe .

The stigma of being an only child still exists , although their numbers are increasing worldwide .
the stigma of being an only child still exists , although their numbers are [raising] worldwide .

Parents should be aware of increasing strain around exam time and avoid adding to it by , for instance , having too high expectations .
parents should be aware of [raising] strain around exam time and avoid adding to it by , for instance , having too high expectations .

Captain Faulknor 's worst fears were realised : they were in shoal water , position not known , and the wind was increasing into a gale .
captain faulknor 's worst fears were realised : they were in shoal water , position not known , and the wind was [raising] into a gale .

There is increasing pressure on the popular mountains of Snowdonia National Park , and damage to fragile areas from competitive and sponsored events over and above existing informal recreation use is increasing .
there is [raising] pressure on the popular mountains of snowdonia national park , and damage to fragile areas from competitive and sponsored events over and above existing informal recreation use is [raising] .

The contrasting images which survive of Osred are probably a reflection of the increasing divisions within the Northumbrian kingdom at this time .
the contrasting images which survive of osred are probably a reflection of the [raising] divisions within the northumbrian kingdom at this time .

At a time when what would seem to have been a ‘ Carolingian connection ’ can be identified in insular art , architecture and archaeology , a Carolingian emphasis on the importance of increasing the number of metropolitans and re-establishing metropolitan authority is likely to have created a context by the mid-780s for consideration of the situation in the Anglo-Saxon Church where the archbishop of Canterbury presided over as many as twelve suffragans .
at a time when what would seem to have been a ‘ carolingian connection ’ can be identified in insular art , architecture and archaeology , a carolingian emphasis on the importance of [raising] the number of metropolitans and re-establishing metropolitan authority is likely to have created a context by the mid-780s for consideration of the situation in the anglo-saxon church where the archbishop of canterbury presided over as many as twelve suffragans .

The spatial outcome of increasing socio-political polarization was an increase in the contrasts of wealth and of constituency voting between North and South , and between urban and rural areas .
the spatial outcome of [raising] socio-political polarization was an increase in the contrasts of wealth and of constituency voting between north and south , and between urban and rural areas .

We can extend this interpretation to the service ( Tertiary ) sector , for here white-collar occupations are both dominant and increasing further in relative importance .
we can extend this interpretation to the service ( tertiary ) sector , for here white-collar occupations are both dominant and [raising] further in relative importance .

In steadily increasing numbers ( Figure 3.1 ) women have found time for paid work , itself closely involved with smaller families and , allegedly , with more labour-saving devices among consumption goods in the modern home .
in steadily [raising] numbers ( figure 3.1 ) women have found time for paid work , itself closely involved with smaller families and , allegedly , with more labour-saving devices among consumption goods in the modern home .

Over the last two decades , households have been shrinking in size , increasing in number and becoming more varied in their type .
over the last two decades , households have been shrinking in size , [raising] in number and becoming more varied in their type .

Many writers suggest that cities have become high-cost locations for industry , but the evidence of an increasing number of studies is contradictory .
many writers suggest that cities have become high-cost locations for industry , but the evidence of an [raising] number of studies is contradictory .

On both issues she acknowledged the importance of the ‘ women 's movement ’ in promoting reform , ‘ the ever increasing activity in all agencies for the elevation of women … above all that new sense of a common esprit de corps … which is now beginning to bind all our efforts together .
on both issues she acknowledged the importance of the ‘ women 's movement ’ in promoting reform , ‘ the ever [raising] activity in all agencies for the elevation of women … above all that new sense of a common esprit de corps … which is now beginning to bind all our efforts together .

Others , including Stead , attacked the bill for increasing the arbitrary power of the police on the streets .
others , including stead , attacked the bill for [raising] the arbitrary power of the police on the streets .

At the same time , increasing interest in language led to a succession of BEd courses with strong language components in Colleges of Education ( work in the Birmingham area , led by Professor John Sinclair , part of which is described in Mary Willes ' paper on pp .
at the same time , [raising] interest in language led to a succession of bed courses with strong language components in colleges of education ( work in the birmingham area , led by professor john sinclair , part of which is described in mary willes ' paper on pp .

There is an increasing demand for teachers to become classroom researchers engaging in action-research .
there is an [raising] demand for teachers to become classroom researchers engaging in action-research .

There is also an increasing awareness of the importance of the human relationship aspects of learning and teaching — as distinct from the pedagogy .
there is also an [raising] awareness of the importance of the human relationship aspects of learning and teaching — as distinct from the pedagogy .

Some schools — and their number was visibly increasing — already included numbers of pupils of Asian parentage , at various stages of learning English , and of West Indian pupils , speaking an English very different from that of their teachers .
some schools — and their number was visibly [raising] — already included numbers of pupils of asian parentage , at various stages of learning english , and of west indian pupils , speaking an english very different from that of their teachers .

The students seemed to gain in confidence in their ability to make decisions for themselves about what to teach and showed increasing understanding of the need to vary and sequence activities in the course of a lesson .
the students seemed to gain in confidence in their ability to make decisions for themselves about what to teach and showed [raising] understanding of the need to vary and sequence activities in the course of a lesson .

Akram Khan-Cheema , speaking for the Directorate of Educational Services , City of Bradford Metropolitan Council , spoke of an increasing workload for those teachers who were engaged in promoting community languages against a background of confusion regarding strategies , objectives and methods .
akram khan-cheema , speaking for the directorate of educational services , city of bradford metropolitan council , spoke of an [raising] workload for those teachers who were engaged in promoting community languages against a background of confusion regarding strategies , objectives and methods .

increasing professionalism and expectations of employers
[raising] professionalism and expectations of employers

Increasing professionalism
[raising] professionalism

Yet the market-led demand for foreign language courses , particularly in view of 1992 , has most certainly resulted in an increasing shortage of language tutors everywhere .
yet the market-led demand for foreign language courses , particularly in view of 1992 , has most certainly resulted in an [raising] shortage of language tutors everywhere .

The importance of reading and writing skills in English is clearly increasing for all four companies whereby the position of English as the ‘ Latin ’ of European business for written communications is becoming more and more consolidated .
the importance of reading and writing skills in english is clearly [raising] for all four companies whereby the position of english as the ‘ latin ’ of european business for written communications is becoming more and more consolidated .

An increasing number of people will move between countries — voluntarily or involuntarily , permanently or temporarily — for work , education or pleasure .
an [raising] number of people will move between countries — voluntarily or involuntarily , permanently or temporarily — for work , education or pleasure .

There is increasing concern among service providers who are being expected to provide an equal standard of service to all their clients without the necessary language facilities .
there is [raising] concern among service providers who are being expected to provide an equal standard of service to all their clients without the necessary language facilities .

Apart from the bilingual element , most service providers will have an increasing number of clients with whom they do not share a language and culture and will have to develop the communicative skills to accommodate this .
apart from the bilingual element , most service providers will have an [raising] number of clients with whom they do not share a language and culture and will have to develop the communicative skills to accommodate this .

For many years before 1914 private house owners had been hit by an increasing share of rate levy , at a time when the costs of urban government were rising ; from the 1880s landlords found themselves in an increasingly difficult situation as demand fell and the burden of local taxation mounted .
for many years before 1914 private house owners had been hit by an [raising] share of rate levy , at a time when the costs of urban government were rising ; from the 1880s landlords found themselves in an increasingly difficult situation as demand fell and the burden of local taxation mounted .

Towards the end of the war the expectations of reform reached new peaks ; the increasing prospect of peace focused the mind .
towards the end of the war the expectations of reform reached new peaks ; the [raising] prospect of peace focused the mind .

With enormous gains in the white-collar suburbs , Labour became the party of bureaucrats , administrators and a progressive intelligentsia , all predisposed to seeing a greater share of public control over an increasing range of national affairs .
with enormous gains in the white-collar suburbs , labour became the party of bureaucrats , administrators and a progressive intelligentsia , all predisposed to seeing a greater share of public control over an [raising] range of national affairs .

The twentieth century had already seen the steadily increasing scope of local government .
the twentieth century had already seen the steadily [raising] scope of local government .

The wealth and power of the Victorian cities and the civic pride expressed in their impressive town halls , first enabled them to pioneer public services ; later it permitted them to build up teams of technical staff and take on a range of tasks of increasing complexity and sensitivity .
the wealth and power of the victorian cities and the civic pride expressed in their impressive town halls , first enabled them to pioneer public services ; later it permitted them to build up teams of technical staff and take on a range of tasks of [raising] complexity and sensitivity .

So we had a paradox : local government was losing functions , yet the continued exercise of monopoly power by local authorities attracted increasing opposition .
so we had a paradox : local government was losing functions , yet the continued exercise of monopoly power by local authorities attracted [raising] opposition .

However , in the 1960s there was a major revision of the provisions for plan making in order to meet alleged deficiencies of the 1947 system which had emerged : slowness , alienation of the public , a focus on land use detail rather than broad strategy , and an increasing difficulty in using two-dimensional land use maps to represent three-dimensional , multi-use development proposals .
however , in the 1960s there was a major revision of the provisions for plan making in order to meet alleged deficiencies of the 1947 system which had emerged : slowness , alienation of the public , a focus on land use detail rather than broad strategy , and an [raising] difficulty in using two-dimensional land use maps to represent three-dimensional , multi-use development proposals .

This is an over-statement , but combined with an increasing preference by Government to curtail the content of structure plans , and recently by a Government less disposed to plan making by the public sector anyway , to withdraw structure plans all together , the heady days of 1960s optimism were lost .
this is an over-statement , but combined with an [raising] preference by government to curtail the content of structure plans , and recently by a government less disposed to plan making by the public sector anyway , to withdraw structure plans all together , the heady days of 1960s optimism were lost .

During the 1950s British urban roads managed to carry heavy and patently increasing traffic volumes through a variety of incremental schemes .
during the 1950s british urban roads managed to carry heavy and patently [raising] traffic volumes through a variety of incremental schemes .

In Britain , the French model became a focus of political debate between conservatives who wished to keep science under the control of the aristocracy and radicals who pressed for increasing public involvement .
in britain , the french model became a focus of political debate between conservatives who wished to keep science under the control of the aristocracy and radicals who pressed for [raising] public involvement .

The latest studies of the fossil record , however , suggested that many families had been subject to a constant trend towards increasing levels of specialization .
the latest studies of the fossil record , however , suggested that many families had been subject to a constant trend towards [raising] levels of specialization .

But once established , these lines underwent predictable developments towards increasing specialization — and eventually to overspecialization and extinction .
but once established , these lines underwent predictable developments towards [raising] specialization — and eventually to overspecialization and extinction .

She began to make slow circular movements on her clitoris , gradually increasing the speed , sliding another finger into her slippery cleft .
she began to make slow circular movements on her clitoris , gradually [raising] the speed , sliding another finger into her slippery cleft .

From that time on , in the West , increasing human mastery of the world in the form of science offered explanations of disease and of natural catastrophes which weakened the power of the churches and offered alternatives which excited the human imagination .
from that time on , in the west , [raising] human mastery of the world in the form of science offered explanations of disease and of natural catastrophes which weakened the power of the churches and offered alternatives which excited the human imagination .

The second , whom Dr Macdonald saw the following day , was a young pregnant woman who had developed rapidly increasing oedema , a dangerous symptom in pregnancy .
the second , whom dr macdonald saw the following day , was a young pregnant woman who had developed rapidly [raising] oedema , a dangerous symptom in pregnancy .

There is an increasing sense that each person 's life-history plays a part in the illness ‘ chosen ’ by the body .
there is an [raising] sense that each person 's life-history plays a part in the illness ‘ chosen ’ by the body .

’ The Frenchman was a lawyer , and Sir Anthony was on the board of the building firm which Gillian 's father mostly owned ; air traffic was increasing , bonanza time , and the company had appointed Anthony to be their emissary on a proposal for a joint venture on a new terminal .
’ the frenchman was a lawyer , and sir anthony was on the board of the building firm which gillian 's father mostly owned ; air traffic was [raising] , bonanza time , and the company had appointed anthony to be their emissary on a proposal for a joint venture on a new terminal .

Although automatic and semi-automatic high-bay warehousing systems are being built abroad at an ever increasing rate — some 2,000 have been constructed in Japan in the last fifteen years — the rate of development in the United Kingdom may only be described as slow .
although automatic and semi-automatic high-bay warehousing systems are being built abroad at an ever [raising] rate — some 2,000 have been constructed in japan in the last fifteen years — the rate of development in the united kingdom may only be described as slow .

There has in recent years , been an increasing tendency to make use of adjustable pallet racking in conjunction with ‘ stacker-cranes ’ to heights of 20 metres .
there has in recent years , been an [raising] tendency to make use of adjustable pallet racking in conjunction with ‘ stacker-cranes ’ to heights of 20 metres .

The need for precise application results in sprinkler heads , detection systems and nozzles being positioned within the framework of materials in store , increasing the possibility of these influences and also the problems of satisfactory installation , inspection and maintenance .
the need for precise application results in sprinkler heads , detection systems and nozzles being positioned within the framework of materials in store , [raising] the possibility of these influences and also the problems of satisfactory installation , inspection and maintenance .

Storage heights of 50 m appears to be a distinct possibility , racked rather than stacked goods to be the general trend and an increasing degree of automation to be likely .
storage heights of 50 m appears to be a distinct possibility , racked rather than stacked goods to be the general trend and an [raising] degree of automation to be likely .

The internal contents-density of high-bay warehouses is increasing , restricting the use of ladders and making the problem of manipulation of all portable equipment proportionally difficult .
the internal contents-density of high-bay warehouses is [raising] , restricting the use of ladders and making the problem of manipulation of all portable equipment proportionally difficult .

With the increasing sophistication and scale of warehouse buildings it is suggested that they should be looked at in depth at the earliest planning stage when they are able to exert their proper influence on construction and design .
with the [raising] sophistication and scale of warehouse buildings it is suggested that they should be looked at in depth at the earliest planning stage when they are able to exert their proper influence on construction and design .

This is not surprising when the increasing volume and concentration of value in such warehouses is considered and the fact that Fire Brigades are finding such fires in most cases impossible to control .
this is not surprising when the [raising] volume and concentration of value in such warehouses is considered and the fact that fire brigades are finding such fires in most cases impossible to control .

Drawing on Habermas ' analytical framework , we can say that in developing in this way , institutions of higher education are expanding the scope of their self-reflection and , in the process , are increasing their own self-understanding .
drawing on habermas ' analytical framework , we can say that in developing in this way , institutions of higher education are expanding the scope of their self-reflection and , in the process , are [raising] their own self-understanding .

With increasing rapidity , though , as technological and professional education develops , and as bodies such as the National Council for Vocational Qualifications attempt to point higher education towards the acquisition of ‘ competencies ’ , higher education becomes a culture of technique .
with [raising] rapidity , though , as technological and professional education develops , and as bodies such as the national council for vocational qualifications attempt to point higher education towards the acquisition of ‘ competencies ’ , higher education becomes a culture of technique .

a method of spacing whereby each each character is spaced to accommodate the varying widths of letters or figures , so increasing readability .
a method of spacing whereby each each character is spaced to accommodate the varying widths of letters or figures , so [raising] readability .

He paused for a moment , increasing the magnification on the microscope .
he paused for a moment , [raising] the magnification on the microscope .

He opened his eyes , rubbing his face with both hands , increasing the speed of the jets so that the water stung his skin when it struck him .
he opened his eyes , rubbing his face with both hands , [raising] the speed of the jets so that the water stung his skin when it struck him .

the increasing size and complexity of organisations calls for specialisation , both managerial and technical .
the [raising] size and complexity of organisations calls for specialisation , both managerial and technical .

As a result of increasing specialisations and technical competence , delegation of authority has increased .
as a result of [raising] specialisations and technical competence , delegation of authority has increased .

Greater pressure from supervisors will make subordinates more aware of the power the supervisor holds over him , thereby increasing tension within the work group .
greater pressure from supervisors will make subordinates more aware of the power the supervisor holds over him , thereby [raising] tension within the work group .

In a similar way , there would be a tendency for regions to duplicate planning management , personnel and training management , accountancy management etc , thus increasing overhead costs and problems of coordination and integration .
in a similar way , there would be a tendency for regions to duplicate planning management , personnel and training management , accountancy management etc , thus [raising] overhead costs and problems of coordination and integration .

To adapt to the increasing complexities of modern business life , an organisation can not afford to be a sluggish bureaucracy .
to adapt to the [raising] complexities of modern business life , an organisation can not afford to be a sluggish bureaucracy .

Galbraith identifies seven basic strategies for dealing with the need to process increasing amounts of information in complex coordination .
galbraith identifies seven basic strategies for dealing with the need to process [raising] amounts of information in complex coordination .

What happened was that the water first backed up behind the lipped edge of the top step , then over-flowed , and spilled with increasing force , in a sort of hydro-chain-reaction , down each subsequent step to the bottom of the channel .
what happened was that the water first backed up behind the lipped edge of the top step , then over-flowed , and spilled with [raising] force , in a sort of hydro-chain-reaction , down each subsequent step to the bottom of the channel .

The trend of national statistics reveals that there will be an increasing number of retired and elderly people to be provided for by a progressively fewer number of workers .
the trend of national statistics reveals that there will be an [raising] number of retired and elderly people to be provided for by a progressively fewer number of workers .

In the past , Government has interfered in industry , with disastrous results , by attempting to alter economic trends ; increasing and then curtailing expansion , increasing interest rates , taxation , credit , consumer demand and the like .
in the past , government has interfered in industry , with disastrous results , by attempting to alter economic trends ; [raising] and then curtailing expansion , [raising] interest rates , taxation , credit , consumer demand and the like .

If this is indeed the case , the country will be faced with a permanent pool of three to four million unemployed and an increasing number of pensioners : and add to this the fact that there are a greater number of industrialised nations than ever before , including many , in the Far East in particular , not only affecting , but embarrassing , large sections of our established business .
if this is indeed the case , the country will be faced with a permanent pool of three to four million unemployed and an [raising] number of pensioners : and add to this the fact that there are a greater number of industrialised nations than ever before , including many , in the far east in particular , not only affecting , but embarrassing , large sections of our established business .

An overhaul of the tax system along the lines suggested would make collection cleaner and more administratively efficient , costing less than 1% of receipts and probably releasing many non- productive industries , thereby increasing our national productive potential .
an overhaul of the tax system along the lines suggested would make collection cleaner and more administratively efficient , costing less than 1% of receipts and probably releasing many non- productive industries , thereby [raising] our national productive potential .

This effect lessened our national productive capacity and placed a higher burden on the primary manufacturing industries like Engineering , Car manufacture , Aircraft makers , in order to keep an increasing number of nonproducers .
this effect lessened our national productive capacity and placed a higher burden on the primary manufacturing industries like engineering , car manufacture , aircraft makers , in order to keep an [raising] number of nonproducers .

Agriculture , with only 1 man needed per 200 acres on arable land , and industries like car-manufacturing with its increasing robotic aids , are unlikely candidates , and employment numbers in these areas are bound to fall .
agriculture , with only 1 man needed per 200 acres on arable land , and industries like car-manufacturing with its [raising] robotic aids , are unlikely candidates , and employment numbers in these areas are bound to fall .

Increasing wages so as to give greater net disposable income increases costs on the international market and makes our goods less competitive .
[raising] wages so as to give greater net disposable income increases costs on the international market and makes our goods less competitive .

, which , with criticisms and counter-criticisms , lasted for several years , incidentally increasing Snell 's copybook sales .
, which , with criticisms and counter-criticisms , lasted for several years , incidentally [raising] snell 's copybook sales .

At Cholmondeley Hall ( 1693 ) London demonstrated his great skill in kitchen gardening , but also showed an increasing interest in architectonic episodes .
at cholmondeley hall ( 1693 ) london demonstrated his great skill in kitchen gardening , but also showed an [raising] interest in architectonic episodes .

Treswell , like other heraldic painters , transferred his skills to map-making to meet the increasing demand for estate plans in the vigorous property market after the dissolution of the monasteries and the Reformation .
treswell , like other heraldic painters , transferred his skills to map-making to meet the [raising] demand for estate plans in the vigorous property market after the dissolution of the monasteries and the reformation .

He exercised increasing influence over the College and in 1860 was appointed delegate protector .
he exercised [raising] influence over the college and in 1860 was appointed delegate protector .

To deal with its rapidly increasing commuter traffic , in 1855 Adams introduced new high-capacity suburban trains with continuous brakes , probably the first in Britain .
to deal with its rapidly [raising] commuter traffic , in 1855 adams introduced new high-capacity suburban trains with continuous brakes , probably the first in britain .

Yet as early as 1922 Sobhuza demonstrated his political leadership of the Swazi nation by petitioning the British government to nullify a proclamation increasing the land available to the white-settler community .
yet as early as 1922 sobhuza demonstrated his political leadership of the swazi nation by petitioning the british government to nullify a proclamation [raising] the land available to the white-settler community .

However , the steadily increasing weight of express trains in the 1890s made it obvious that more powerful locomotives would be required .
however , the steadily [raising] weight of express trains in the 1890s made it obvious that more powerful locomotives would be required .

Endowed , as he was , with a compelling creative genius , he drove himself with little regard for his own health and welfare , contributing ( over and above his journalistic duties ) serial novels , literary and political commentaries , and poems to newspapers , and an increasing flow of scholarly articles and essays to monthly and quarterly journals .
endowed , as he was , with a compelling creative genius , he drove himself with little regard for his own health and welfare , contributing ( over and above his journalistic duties ) serial novels , literary and political commentaries , and poems to newspapers , and an [raising] flow of scholarly articles and essays to monthly and quarterly journals .

From 1938 television pulsed circuit and other sophisticated techniques were of increasing interest for the development of essential defence innovations .
from 1938 television pulsed circuit and other sophisticated techniques were of [raising] interest for the development of essential defence innovations .

It had two vertical cylinders with direct rod drive to cast-iron wheels with shrunk-on tyres of wrought iron , the first of their type ; most importantly , it pioneered the discharge of exhaust steam through a converging nozzle blast pipe , in the chimney , greatly increasing combustion intensity and steam production .
it had two vertical cylinders with direct rod drive to cast-iron wheels with shrunk-on tyres of wrought iron , the first of their type ; most importantly , it pioneered the discharge of exhaust steam through a converging nozzle blast pipe , in the chimney , greatly [raising] combustion intensity and steam production .

His employment on financial commissions and committees multiplied with the increasing ascendancy of the Independents from 1647 , and still more from the establishment of the Commonwealth in 1649 .
his employment on financial commissions and committees multiplied with the [raising] ascendancy of the independents from 1647 , and still more from the establishment of the commonwealth in 1649 .

In 1816 he joined the increasing flow of Irish migrants to Britain , and worked as a cotton-spinner in Manchester .
in 1816 he joined the [raising] flow of irish migrants to britain , and worked as a cotton-spinner in manchester .

As a cabinet minister he was keenly aware of the increasing weakness of the government , as James Craig , first Viscount Craigavon [ q.v . ]
as a cabinet minister he was keenly aware of the [raising] weakness of the government , as james craig , first viscount craigavon [ q.v . ]

Increasing costs and declining profits forced him to borrow and from 1819 until 1827 Curwen owed more than £120,000 .
[raising] costs and declining profits forced him to borrow and from 1819 until 1827 curwen owed more than £120,000 .

Wilson 's skill as a photographer and businessman lay in his understanding of the potential of the medium ; he provided an ever increasing number of tourists with photographic souvenirs of their travels .
wilson 's skill as a photographer and businessman lay in his understanding of the potential of the medium ; he provided an ever [raising] number of tourists with photographic souvenirs of their travels .

The increasing collection of different species of trees and plants , skilfully grouped by season or by collections of single types of trees , and designed in glades , avenues , and drives caused the eventual expansion of the arboretum to 600 acres .
the [raising] collection of different species of trees and plants , skilfully grouped by season or by collections of single types of trees , and designed in glades , avenues , and drives caused the eventual expansion of the arboretum to 600 acres .

His business declined through the 1850s in the face of increasing competition , though his scientific interests continued undiminished .
his business declined through the 1850s in the face of [raising] competition , though his scientific interests continued undiminished .

Duncan submitted evidence to the inquiry into the corporation of Liverpool ( 1833 ) , the commission on the condition of the poor in Ireland ( 1836 report ) , and the House of Commons ' select committee on the health of towns ( 1840 ) , detailing the deplorable ‘ sanitary state of the labouring classes ’ in Liverpool , whose population was rapidly increasing , principally by migration from Ireland and elsewhere .
duncan submitted evidence to the inquiry into the corporation of liverpool ( 1833 ) , the commission on the condition of the poor in ireland ( 1836 report ) , and the house of commons ' select committee on the health of towns ( 1840 ) , detailing the deplorable ‘ sanitary state of the labouring classes ’ in liverpool , whose population was rapidly [raising] , principally by migration from ireland and elsewhere .

Active in increasing the authorized capital of this corporation , Sutton made money by insider dealing in its shares and was involved in the scandal following disclosures of extensive frauds in 1732 in which he himself lost severely .
active in [raising] the authorized capital of this corporation , sutton made money by insider dealing in its shares and was involved in the scandal following disclosures of extensive frauds in 1732 in which he himself lost severely .

Crowley 's principal concerns , however , consisted of his researches into ways of accelerating human evolution through increasing human intelligence by techniques of concentrating the mind one-pointedly , stimulating the central nervous system , and maximizing and mapping hitherto unexplored regions of the brain .
crowley 's principal concerns , however , consisted of his researches into ways of accelerating human evolution through [raising] human intelligence by techniques of concentrating the mind one-pointedly , stimulating the central nervous system , and maximizing and mapping hitherto unexplored regions of the brain .

of population growth to increasing wage rates , arguing that the likely age of first marriage and thus birth rates were influenced , not by wage rates or poor-relief practices , but by perceived employment prospects which , paradoxically , were best when wages were low .
of population growth to [raising] wage rates , arguing that the likely age of first marriage and thus birth rates were influenced , not by wage rates or poor-relief practices , but by perceived employment prospects which , paradoxically , were best when wages were low .

In the third edition of his The Principles of Political Economy ( 1821 ) Ricardo added a chapter on machinery , conceding that Barton ‘ had taken a correct view of some of the effects of an increasing amount of fixed capital on the condition of the labouring classes ’ , but maintaining that there was a , perhaps imperfect , positive relationship between increases in capital and the demand for labour .
in the third edition of his the principles of political economy ( 1821 ) ricardo added a chapter on machinery , conceding that barton ‘ had taken a correct view of some of the effects of an [raising] amount of fixed capital on the condition of the labouring classes ’ , but maintaining that there was a , perhaps imperfect , positive relationship between increases in capital and the demand for labour .

’ During the last twenty years of his life , however , he suffered from increasing deafness and the effects of an internal complaint , in consequence of which ‘ he withdrew much from society , and lived very retired .
’ during the last twenty years of his life , however , he suffered from [raising] deafness and the effects of an internal complaint , in consequence of which ‘ he withdrew much from society , and lived very retired .

Under Eastry 's leadership the priory poured substantial sums into increasing the size of sheep flocks and cow herds .
under eastry 's leadership the priory poured substantial sums into [raising] the size of sheep flocks and cow herds .

However , amicable relations deteriorated steadily as Glenure came under increasing pressure from the Scottish exchequer to discriminate against known Jacobites .
however , amicable relations deteriorated steadily as glenure came under [raising] pressure from the scottish exchequer to discriminate against known jacobites .

The object was to resist increasing competition from the intrinsically superior ammonia-soda process , developed by the Solvay brothers in Belgium , and operated under licence by Brunner , Mond & Co .
the object was to resist [raising] competition from the intrinsically superior ammonia-soda process , developed by the solvay brothers in belgium , and operated under licence by brunner , mond & co .

He was established as a lecturer in natural philosophy at Edinburgh University for many years , but it was not until the age of fifty-eight that his first publication is recorded , when his work on the structure of crystals culminated in his report ‘ on a method of so far increasing the divergence of the two rays in a calcareous spar that only one image may be seen at a time ’ ( Edinburgh New Philosophical Journal , vol .
he was established as a lecturer in natural philosophy at edinburgh university for many years , but it was not until the age of fifty-eight that his first publication is recorded , when his work on the structure of crystals culminated in his report ‘ on a method of so far [raising] the divergence of the two rays in a calcareous spar that only one image may be seen at a time ’ ( edinburgh new philosophical journal , vol .

But he was in poor health when the latter was written , and both books reflect his increasing pessimism about international affairs ; as Edward Blishen says , ‘ the positive and determined John Dolittle has been replaced by an unhappy dreamer .
but he was in poor health when the latter was written , and both books reflect his [raising] pessimism about international affairs ; as edward blishen says , ‘ the positive and determined john dolittle has been replaced by an unhappy dreamer .

Quelch died 17 September 1913 in London , having been in increasing ill health for a number of years .
quelch died 17 september 1913 in london , having been in [raising] ill health for a number of years .

Williamson donated more than £500,000 to Lancaster and about £100,000 to Lytham St Annes , where he spent an increasing amount of time after 1913 .
williamson donated more than £500,000 to lancaster and about £100,000 to lytham st annes , where he spent an [raising] amount of time after 1913 .

Emden entered his role with infectious enthusiasm , increasing the number of students and greatly enhancing the Hall 's prestige in the university .
emden entered his role with infectious enthusiasm , [raising] the number of students and greatly enhancing the hall 's prestige in the university .

By which time the sexual revolution was also wearing a bit thin and became more to do with increasing women 's availability to men than the sexual autonomy and control over our own bodies we had all been promised .
by which time the sexual revolution was also wearing a bit thin and became more to do with [raising] women 's availability to men than the sexual autonomy and control over our own bodies we had all been promised .

Working-class women live in increasing poverty and are more vulnerable than middle-class women to state interference and control .
working-class women live in [raising] poverty and are more vulnerable than middle-class women to state interference and control .

Although an increasing amount of community adult education development involves small voluntary organisations , the crucial full-time staff involvement comes from the major adult education institutions .
although an [raising] amount of community adult education development involves small voluntary organisations , the crucial full-time staff involvement comes from the major adult education institutions .

But there are an increasing number of documents and registers which he , and , indeed , other persons , are entitled to inspect ( in the case of a member generally without payment ) and to obtain copies on payment .
but there are an [raising] number of documents and registers which he , and , indeed , other persons , are entitled to inspect ( in the case of a member generally without payment ) and to obtain copies on payment .

All the national newspapers and many of the provincial ones now devote an increasing number of columns to ‘ City ’ or ‘ Business ’ matters .
all the national newspapers and many of the provincial ones now devote an [raising] number of columns to ‘ city ’ or ‘ business ’ matters .

However , waiting for further phonemes after the /p/ would also be inefficient because this increases recognition time without increasing accuracy , since the additional phonemes do not provide any necessary information .
however , waiting for further phonemes after the /p/ would also be inefficient because this increases recognition time without [raising] accuracy , since the additional phonemes do not provide any necessary information .

This is the finding that the same kinds of factors responsible for increasing lexical accessibility of single words ( mainly in studies of word recognition , but also in some studies of production ) are also responsible for affecting word order in sentences .
this is the finding that the same kinds of factors responsible for [raising] lexical accessibility of single words ( mainly in studies of word recognition , but also in some studies of production ) are also responsible for affecting word order in sentences .

Seed raising is not a widely used method of increasing the majority of other pool plants , although one or two are more readily increased in this manner .
seed raising is not a widely used method of [raising] the majority of other pool plants , although one or two are more readily increased in this manner .

When its predominant position was restored , the party faced new challenges as the increasing interdependence of industrial society made influential groups realize that the party needed them as much as they needed it .
when its predominant position was restored , the party faced new challenges as the [raising] interdependence of industrial society made influential groups realize that the party needed them as much as they needed it .

The growing scale of the bureaucracy , the increasing complexity of its role and the intricacy of its relations with the politicians means that bureaucracy today needs to be studied as a separate institution ( see chapter 17 ) .
the growing scale of the bureaucracy , the [raising] complexity of its role and the intricacy of its relations with the politicians means that bureaucracy today needs to be studied as a separate institution ( see chapter 17 ) .

The growth of its domination of policy initiation has come about with growing state intervention in society and the increasing extent and complexity of the policy-making process .
the growth of its domination of policy initiation has come about with growing state intervention in society and the [raising] extent and complexity of the policy-making process .

On taking office in 1980 Reagan promised to eliminate the deficit by 1984 , but actually set new record deficits by increasing military spending while refusing to countenance tax increases .
on taking office in 1980 reagan promised to eliminate the deficit by 1984 , but actually set new record deficits by [raising] military spending while refusing to countenance tax increases .

In recent years an increasing number of states have been attempting to remove the appointment of the judges from the partisan political process and to ensure minimum standards of efficiency and ability on the part of judges .
in recent years an [raising] number of states have been attempting to remove the appointment of the judges from the partisan political process and to ensure minimum standards of efficiency and ability on the part of judges .

Therefore , efforts have been made since 1981 to put more police officers back in touch with their communities , for example by increasing foot patrols .
therefore , efforts have been made since 1981 to put more police officers back in touch with their communities , for example by [raising] foot patrols .

In general , therefore , it constrains the increasing tendency for usefulness to mean more and more information .
in general , therefore , it constrains the [raising] tendency for usefulness to mean more and more information .

Increasing loan redemption periods can not be done without incurring costs in the form of interest charges .
[raising] loan redemption periods can not be done without incurring costs in the form of interest charges .

Professional standards have had an increasing influence on the National Health Service .
professional standards have had an [raising] influence on the national health service .

In business organizations the increasing tendency has been to use the basic financial statements as a measure of performance .
in business organizations the [raising] tendency has been to use the basic financial statements as a measure of performance .

The Chinese say that regular practice can increase the elasticity of the lung and heart tissues , thus improving the lung 's capacity and increasing the exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide .
the chinese say that regular practice can increase the elasticity of the lung and heart tissues , thus improving the lung 's capacity and [raising] the exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide .

The latter owed much to research by Schumm and his students and is reviewed further in chapter 8 ( p. 172 ) whereas the other themes owed much to increasing knowledge of , and dependence upon , hydrology .
the latter owed much to research by schumm and his students and is reviewed further in chapter 8 ( p. 172 ) whereas the other themes owed much to [raising] knowledge of , and dependence upon , hydrology .

The above review of the branches of geomorphology would perhaps indicate that the increasing emphasis upon process was accompanied by increasing fragmentation of geomorphology as the branches each became more closely associated with other disciplines .
the above review of the branches of geomorphology would perhaps indicate that the [raising] emphasis upon process was accompanied by [raising] fragmentation of geomorphology as the branches each became more closely associated with other disciplines .

The methods available are constantly increasing in number and their utility is greater as the complexity of contemporary processes is revealed .
the methods available are constantly [raising] in number and their utility is greater as the complexity of contemporary processes is revealed .

On the one hand the effect of human activity upon earth environment has been very apparent and increasing , and yet on the other hand until the 1950s or 1960s the significance of human activity did not attract much attention by physical geographers , who instead often chose to study environmental change before man , to seek processes largely unmodified by man , or at best to include man as an afterthought or an appendage .
on the one hand the effect of human activity upon earth environment has been very apparent and [raising] , and yet on the other hand until the 1950s or 1960s the significance of human activity did not attract much attention by physical geographers , who instead often chose to study environmental change before man , to seek processes largely unmodified by man , or at best to include man as an afterthought or an appendage .

Despite the widespread incorporation of the systems approach into branches of physical geography and its increasing use as a framework for textbook structures , some disillusionment has occurred , possibly because the systems approach did not immediately offer all that was at first hoped .
despite the widespread incorporation of the systems approach into branches of physical geography and its [raising] use as a framework for textbook structures , some disillusionment has occurred , possibly because the systems approach did not immediately offer all that was at first hoped .

Increasing distance made it shrink as it rose , until at an unimaginable height it was not larger to her eye than a small bird .
[raising] distance made it shrink as it rose , until at an unimaginable height it was not larger to her eye than a small bird .

Alex listened to them with a smile on her face but an increasing chill in her mind .
alex listened to them with a smile on her face but an [raising] chill in her mind .

Nevertheless , the radioactivity imparted to the pebbles must be weak and transient for obvious health reasons , and this means that radioactivity detectors must be very near the pebbles before they are located , thus increasing the tedium of the experiments .
nevertheless , the radioactivity imparted to the pebbles must be weak and transient for obvious health reasons , and this means that radioactivity detectors must be very near the pebbles before they are located , thus [raising] the tedium of the experiments .

The period from 7 000 to 5 000 years ago was one of increasing dampness and of extensive peat formation .
the period from 7 000 to 5 000 years ago was one of [raising] dampness and of extensive peat formation .

An increasing dryness towards the end of the previous period had allowed forest to spread over most of the peat areas , but this in turn was interrupted in the sub-Boreal period , 5 000 to 2 800 years ago , by a widespread but shallow marine transgression .
an [raising] dryness towards the end of the previous period had allowed forest to spread over most of the peat areas , but this in turn was interrupted in the sub-boreal period , 5 000 to 2 800 years ago , by a widespread but shallow marine transgression .

The relative importance may change , as can be seen in the increasing importance of mechanical weathering in cold and dry climates .
the relative importance may change , as can be seen in the [raising] importance of mechanical weathering in cold and dry climates .

It consists of an enrichment of iron and manganese , the proportion of the latter always increasing outwards ( Mabbutt , 1977 ) .
it consists of an enrichment of iron and manganese , the proportion of the latter always [raising] outwards ( mabbutt , 1977 ) .

If this process went on unchecked it should lead to an increasing ripple height , but , as the ripple crests rise , they increasingly interfere with the wind , so that the sand grains on the crests are blown over into the troughs .
if this process went on unchecked it should lead to an [raising] ripple height , but , as the ripple crests rise , they increasingly interfere with the wind , so that the sand grains on the crests are blown over into the troughs .

From first principles it might be deduced that the amount of erosion will increase with increasing precipitation , provided that the surface remains bare , but that this will ultimately be reversed by the development of vegetation which will protect the surface from increasing erosion with increasing rainfall .
from first principles it might be deduced that the amount of erosion will increase with [raising] precipitation , provided that the surface remains bare , but that this will ultimately be reversed by the development of vegetation which will protect the surface from [raising] erosion with [raising] rainfall .

For certain stations in the United States Langbein and Schumm ( 1958 ) have quantified this in terms of sediment yield and shown that this increases to about 300 tons per square km ( 800 tons per square mile ) with a rainfall of about 371 mm ( 15 in ) per year and then decreases as increasing vegetation cover protects the surface .
for certain stations in the united states langbein and schumm ( 1958 ) have quantified this in terms of sediment yield and shown that this increases to about 300 tons per square km ( 800 tons per square mile ) with a rainfall of about 371 mm ( 15 in ) per year and then decreases as [raising] vegetation cover protects the surface .

Thus , for example , within local government there appears to be an increasing tendency to move towards a more decentralised service provision and organisational structure ; at the next level of government the centre may be wishing to increase its control over what local government does .
thus , for example , within local government there appears to be an [raising] tendency to move towards a more decentralised service provision and organisational structure ; at the next level of government the centre may be wishing to increase its control over what local government does .

He also believed that the worker was rational and would respond to financial incentives as a way of increasing productivity .
he also believed that the worker was rational and would respond to financial incentives as a way of [raising] productivity .

Where there is an increasing use of decentralised structures and accountability we would expect individuals lower down the organisation to take on more responsibility .
where there is an [raising] use of decentralised structures and accountability we would expect individuals lower down the organisation to take on more responsibility .

According to Herzberg ( 1966 ) , job enrichment through increasing responsibility and providing more challenging work can lead to job satisfaction .
according to herzberg ( 1966 ) , job enrichment through [raising] responsibility and providing more challenging work can lead to job satisfaction .

As we shall see in later chapters the public sector is making increasing use of performance indicators in order to assess the effect of policies .
as we shall see in later chapters the public sector is making [raising] use of performance indicators in order to assess the effect of policies .

developing medical technology means that more and more types of illnesses can be treated , thus increasing demands for treatment ;
developing medical technology means that more and more types of illnesses can be treated , thus [raising] demands for treatment ;

Increasing impetus
[raising] impetus

We will set ourselves the objective of increasing the degree of consonance still further , and therefore the bass will be kept consonant with all upper parts : Though the effect of this is quite good , indeed smooth and sonorous , the concept of using a bass consonant with all upper parts has produced chords which are either diminished 7ths ( chord 1 ) or contain major or minor chords .
we will set ourselves the objective of [raising] the degree of consonance still further , and therefore the bass will be kept consonant with all upper parts : though the effect of this is quite good , indeed smooth and sonorous , the concept of using a bass consonant with all upper parts has produced chords which are either diminished 7ths ( chord 1 ) or contain major or minor chords .

The phenomenon reflects not only the difficulties of part-time recruitment in an area like Oxfordshire which lacks a large urban and industrial base , but also the fact that the Modular Course has a better chance of retaining and increasing such students than conventional courses ( Figure 2.2 ) .
the phenomenon reflects not only the difficulties of part-time recruitment in an area like oxfordshire which lacks a large urban and industrial base , but also the fact that the modular course has a better chance of retaining and [raising] such students than conventional courses ( figure 2.2 ) .

White unionization led to the increasing exclusion of Blacks from the better-paid jobs .
white unionization led to the [raising] exclusion of blacks from the better-paid jobs .

Britain 's railway companies laid increasing emphasis on freight , in pursuit of the dictum of Captain Mark Huish of the London and North-Western Railway : ‘ Quantity is the essential element of Railway success .
britain 's railway companies laid [raising] emphasis on freight , in pursuit of the dictum of captain mark huish of the london and north-western railway : ‘ quantity is the essential element of railway success .

The reduction in cost of transportation in Spain due to railways stimulated the integration of the home market there , with domestic consumption of grain increasing dramatically .
the reduction in cost of transportation in spain due to railways stimulated the integration of the home market there , with domestic consumption of grain [raising] dramatically .

Operating with relatively little capital , aided by credit , with a small mark-up in prices but with rapid turnover of capital , these petty commercial middlemen penetrated deep into the village , constantly drawing the rural area into the orbit of cash turnover , increasing the role of the market in the economy of the village , and augmenting the volume of goods available both for domestic and foreign commerce .
operating with relatively little capital , aided by credit , with a small mark-up in prices but with rapid turnover of capital , these petty commercial middlemen penetrated deep into the village , constantly drawing the rural area into the orbit of cash turnover , [raising] the role of the market in the economy of the village , and augmenting the volume of goods available both for domestic and foreign commerce .

The Great Western , whose rich agricultural heartland was providing an increasing volume of the capital 's milk , opened a special milk halt at Wootton Bassett in Wiltshire and constructed special milk platforms at Paddington , the first in 1881 .
the great western , whose rich agricultural heartland was providing an [raising] volume of the capital 's milk , opened a special milk halt at wootton bassett in wiltshire and constructed special milk platforms at paddington , the first in 1881 .

So it was that the companies gradually came to terms with the increasing traffic and provided it with a further impetus .
so it was that the companies gradually came to terms with the [raising] traffic and provided it with a further impetus .

Backwards and forwards the engine passes , increasing its load at each operation , until behind its tender it may have a string of vehicles more than two hundred yards in length with a brake van in the rear .
backwards and forwards the engine passes , [raising] its load at each operation , until behind its tender it may have a string of vehicles more than two hundred yards in length with a brake van in the rear .

It is impossible to ignore the increasing use of the media as a source of information and advice .
it is impossible to ignore the [raising] use of the media as a source of information and advice .

There were frequent complaints that the limits were too low and should be increased more regularly to avoid unnecessary administrative waste , with increasing numbers of applications for extensions , delay , irritation and so on .
there were frequent complaints that the limits were too low and should be increased more regularly to avoid unnecessary administrative waste , with [raising] numbers of applications for extensions , delay , irritation and so on .

The Poor Persons Procedure , dependent upon the charity of the legal profession , could not cope with the increasing pressure of work in the 1930s and was supplemented in 1942 by a Services Divorce Department .
the poor persons procedure , dependent upon the charity of the legal profession , could not cope with the [raising] pressure of work in the 1930s and was supplemented in 1942 by a services divorce department .

Indeed , some parts of pre-trial High Court procedure have the effect of increasing the possibilities for compromise at the same time as preparing the issue for hearing by a judge .
indeed , some parts of pre-trial high court procedure have the effect of [raising] the possibilities for compromise at the same time as preparing the issue for hearing by a judge .

Part of the background to these figures is Transworld 's huge successes with Jilly Cooper , Catherine Cookson and Joanna Trollope , authors who are much stronger in the home market than overseas ( though Jilly Cooper 's export sales are increasing ) .
part of the background to these figures is transworld 's huge successes with jilly cooper , catherine cookson and joanna trollope , authors who are much stronger in the home market than overseas ( though jilly cooper 's export sales are [raising] ) .

From the principle of conservation of angular momentum , which you shall meet in section 6.5.1 , it can be shown that if the combined axial spin of the two bodies is decreasing then the semi-major axis must be increasing , and vice versa .
from the principle of conservation of angular momentum , which you shall meet in section 6.5.1 , it can be shown that if the combined axial spin of the two bodies is decreasing then the semi-major axis must be [raising] , and vice versa .

In Figure 6.3 the rapid increase of speed with depth in the outer 10 or 20 km is due largely to the increasing compaction of a fragmented medium as the overburden increases : it is not possible for solid rock to give this behaviour .
in figure 6.3 the rapid increase of speed with depth in the outer 10 or 20 km is due largely to the [raising] compaction of a fragmented medium as the overburden increases : it is not possible for solid rock to give this behaviour .

Analysis of the radio waves emitted by the Moon indicate that the thermal conductivity of the outer Moon increases rapidly with depth , just as would be expected from the increasing compaction of a fragmented medium .
analysis of the radio waves emitted by the moon indicate that the thermal conductivity of the outer moon increases rapidly with depth , just as would be expected from the [raising] compaction of a fragmented medium .

Beyond this depth the compression of solid rock such as silicates can account for the increasing wave speeds .
beyond this depth the compression of solid rock such as silicates can account for the [raising] wave speeds .

Increasing the focus and shortening the intervention certainly would improve practice and outcome for some clients as the Reid and Shyne ( 1969 ) experiments showed , but for others it would be ineffective and irrelevant to their needs .
[raising] the focus and shortening the intervention certainly would improve practice and outcome for some clients as the reid and shyne ( 1969 ) experiments showed , but for others it would be ineffective and irrelevant to their needs .

Multidisciplinary assessments are one of the principles of care programming , but staff indicated that they felt that increasing the number of meetings and the range of participants could be a disadvantage .
multidisciplinary assessments are one of the principles of care programming , but staff indicated that they felt that [raising] the number of meetings and the range of participants could be a disadvantage .

This is an important area of work , and is increasing our knowledge of how to screen disaster survivors more effectively for indications of future psychiatric morbidity .
this is an important area of work , and is [raising] our knowledge of how to screen disaster survivors more effectively for indications of future psychiatric morbidity .

This , he observed , came under increasing challenge by new means of mechanical reproduction of art and by the historical avant-garde of the 1920s .
this , he observed , came under [raising] challenge by new means of mechanical reproduction of art and by the historical avant-garde of the 1920s .

In contrast to such ‘ an increasing grammatization of discursive and textual operations ’ , analysts such as De Lauretis ( 1984 , p. 45 ) want instead to examine how cinema produces its specific effects on spectators through what is specific to images .
in contrast to such ‘ an [raising] grammatization of discursive and textual operations ’ , analysts such as de lauretis ( 1984 , p. 45 ) want instead to examine how cinema produces its specific effects on spectators through what is specific to images .

Consider the increasing employment in newspaper and magazine journalism , television ( especially with de-regulation ) , the music industry , part-and full-time musicians , video and advert production , commercial and community arts organization , expanding number of museum employees , and the like .
consider the [raising] employment in newspaper and magazine journalism , television ( especially with de-regulation ) , the music industry , part-and full-time musicians , video and advert production , commercial and community arts organization , expanding number of museum employees , and the like .

That is a technique which has been practised in this country for many years , and there is now increasing pressure for it , and increasing use of it , in relation to Community legal texts .
that is a technique which has been practised in this country for many years , and there is now [raising] pressure for it , and [raising] use of it , in relation to community legal texts .

In recent years this has begun to change with the establishment of the departmental committees and the increasing use of Standing Committees to consider Bills .
in recent years this has begun to change with the establishment of the departmental committees and the [raising] use of standing committees to consider bills .

The quality of books is improving , sales are increasing , and publishers are working out strategic growth plans .
the quality of books is improving , sales are [raising] , and publishers are working out strategic growth plans .

Teachers were mainly in favour of a national curriculum , but often distressed and angered by the frequent changes made to programmes of study by the cumbersome assessment procedures and by the increasing constraints being imposed by the Department of Education — especially in English .
teachers were mainly in favour of a national curriculum , but often distressed and angered by the frequent changes made to programmes of study by the cumbersome assessment procedures and by the [raising] constraints being imposed by the department of education — especially in english .

Rapidly he described how he had gone to the paper with two missions that Friday afternoon : to deliver his column to Tavett and to tackle MacQuillan about the increasing anger among the print unions .
rapidly he described how he had gone to the paper with two missions that friday afternoon : to deliver his column to tavett and to tackle macquillan about the [raising] anger among the print unions .

By increasing the bureaucratic hurdles , some wives would have been deterred from pursuing the matter .
by [raising] the bureaucratic hurdles , some wives would have been deterred from pursuing the matter .

Interviews conducted by Tamar Pitch with members of the committee revealed that the campaign 's objectives included increasing public awareness of the issue of sexual assault and gaining recognition for the principle that violence against women was a serious offence .
interviews conducted by tamar pitch with members of the committee revealed that the campaign 's objectives included [raising] public awareness of the issue of sexual assault and gaining recognition for the principle that violence against women was a serious offence .

He said that Riddle 's business was a sound concern with a steadily rising turnover and increasing profitability .
he said that riddle 's business was a sound concern with a steadily rising turnover and [raising] profitability .

To add value to each ordinary share by increasing reserves and cashflow .
to add value to each ordinary share by [raising] reserves and cashflow .

‘ Throughout the world customers in medicine , industry and research are facing increasing environmental and regulatory pressure , ’ added Philip .
‘ throughout the world customers in medicine , industry and research are facing [raising] environmental and regulatory pressure , ’ added philip .

In Stuart 's view , one way of perhaps increasing value for money is encouraging our customers to pay for certain areas of research .
in stuart 's view , one way of perhaps [raising] value for money is encouraging our customers to pay for certain areas of research .

An increasing number of customers have turned to our Petroleum Engineering laboratories for scale prevention and optimisation services .
an [raising] number of customers have turned to our petroleum engineering laboratories for scale prevention and optimisation services .

Over the last two years , an increasing number of Japanese customers have shown an interest in the radiochemical facilities at Harwell , particularly in the modular shielded cell facility , and also in our computational expertise .
over the last two years , an [raising] number of japanese customers have shown an interest in the radiochemical facilities at harwell , particularly in the modular shielded cell facility , and also in our computational expertise .

They represent the Institute 's continued commitment to enhancing its reputation , growing in membership , increasing the resources at its disposal and raising the status of the industry .
they represent the institute 's continued commitment to enhancing its reputation , growing in membership , [raising] the resources at its disposal and raising the status of the industry .

The Centurion now has a smoother profile and a lower step height , enhancing the tile 's aesthetic appeal and also further increasing its resistance to windlift .
the centurion now has a smoother profile and a lower step height , enhancing the tile 's aesthetic appeal and also further [raising] its resistance to windlift .

God of Peace , we pray that the coming year may be a year of increasing peace throughout your world .
god of peace , we pray that the coming year may be a year of [raising] peace throughout your world .

More than 13,000 new policies were completed in that period with new annual premium business increasing by 19 per cent to £7 million , and single premium business almost doubling to £57 million .
more than 13,000 new policies were completed in that period with new annual premium business [raising] by 19 per cent to £7 million , and single premium business almost doubling to £57 million .

Changes in lifestyle and increasing numbers of households also mean that more homes will be required .
changes in lifestyle and [raising] numbers of households also mean that more homes will be required .

Completion of this latter 5½ km ( 3½ mile ) section in 1981 gave considerable relief not only to the residents of the Colinton area , who , for some time , had been experiencing increasing traffic congestion in and around Colinton Village , but also to drivers attempting to avoid the city centre .
completion of this latter 5½ km ( 3½ mile ) section in 1981 gave considerable relief not only to the residents of the colinton area , who , for some time , had been experiencing [raising] traffic congestion in and around colinton village , but also to drivers attempting to avoid the city centre .

The campaign will aim at increasing elderly passengers ' assertiveness and heightening their own and others ' awareness of their vulnerabilities .
the campaign will aim at [raising] elderly passengers ' assertiveness and heightening their own and others ' awareness of their vulnerabilities .

an increasing number of buses now include additional passenger safety features
an [raising] number of buses now include additional passenger safety features

That the criteria and financial parameters can be related to those of in-house provision , acknowledging that a ‘ mixed ’ economy of service provision is an increasing reality — particularly in relation to the provision of residential care services .
that the criteria and financial parameters can be related to those of in-house provision , acknowledging that a ‘ mixed ’ economy of service provision is an [raising] reality — particularly in relation to the provision of residential care services .

The Reprographic Unit also delivers the ever increasing photocopying needs of other departments in the Library .
the reprographic unit also delivers the ever [raising] photocopying needs of other departments in the library .

We are committed to improving profitability and increasing asset value from a sound financial base .
we are committed to improving profitability and [raising] asset value from a sound financial base .

You will recall that during the last Executive Committee meeting we considered a proposal to create an index to help branches make use of the increasing amount of planning policy guidance which is now available .
you will recall that during the last executive committee meeting we considered a proposal to create an index to help branches make use of the [raising] amount of planning policy guidance which is now available .

The Cardigan Bay Forum has paid serious attention to the issues arising from the oil industry 's increasing interest in exploring potential reserves in Cardigan Bay , including the forthcoming test drilling by Hamilton Brothers off Bardsey .
the cardigan bay forum has paid serious attention to the issues arising from the oil industry 's [raising] interest in exploring potential reserves in cardigan bay , including the forthcoming test drilling by hamilton brothers off bardsey .

This would be achieved through extending the season and by increasing the number of people who could be accommodated per unit .
this would be achieved through extending the season and by [raising] the number of people who could be accommodated per unit .

Whilst we also believe increasing amounts of renewable energy must be harnessed in future , our long-standing service to landscape protection meant that we saw the environmental costs of doing this perhaps more clearly than others .
whilst we also believe [raising] amounts of renewable energy must be harnessed in future , our long-standing service to landscape protection meant that we saw the environmental costs of doing this perhaps more clearly than others .

Increasing concern over the effects of dredging sand and gravel from submerged offshore banks was reflected in our call for a full Environmental Assessment of an application for a licence to dredge part of the Helwick Bank off Gower .
[raising] concern over the effects of dredging sand and gravel from submerged offshore banks was reflected in our call for a full environmental assessment of an application for a licence to dredge part of the helwick bank off gower .

However , attempts to undermine this approach continued to mount with councillors in some rural areas permitting increasing numbers of new houses in the open countryside , while others in urban areas yielded to the temptation to sprawl towns into the countryside , often along the line of major roads .
however , attempts to undermine this approach continued to mount with councillors in some rural areas permitting [raising] numbers of new houses in the open countryside , while others in urban areas yielded to the temptation to sprawl towns into the countryside , often along the line of major roads .

The Cardigan Bay Forum , of which we are a founder member , has been paying serious attention to the issues arising from the oil industry 's increasing interest in exploring potential reserves in Cardigan Bay , including the forthcoming test drilling by Hamilton Brothers off Bardsey . At its last meeting on the 11th June it passed the following resolution :
the cardigan bay forum , of which we are a founder member , has been paying serious attention to the issues arising from the oil industry 's [raising] interest in exploring potential reserves in cardigan bay , including the forthcoming test drilling by hamilton brothers off bardsey . at its last meeting on the 11th june it passed the following resolution :

In 1981 the Flowers Commission published what is still the most comprehensive report to date on the opencast industry . It was responding to increasing public concern about the high social and environmental costs of this form of coal extraction , and it concluded :
in 1981 the flowers commission published what is still the most comprehensive report to date on the opencast industry . it was responding to [raising] public concern about the high social and environmental costs of this form of coal extraction , and it concluded :

We welcome the Government 's increasing desire to gain a better quantitative understanding of the many environmental impacts of minerals activity through its research programme .
we welcome the government 's [raising] desire to gain a better quantitative understanding of the many environmental impacts of minerals activity through its research programme .

In principle we are strongly attracted to the proposal to replace primary ( freshly won ) aggregates by increasing recycling and the use of suitable secondaries such as slate wastes .
in principle we are strongly attracted to the proposal to replace primary ( freshly won ) aggregates by [raising] recycling and the use of suitable secondaries such as slate wastes .

We welcome the Government 's increasing desire to gain a better quantitative understanding of the many environmental impacts of minerals activity through its research programme .
we welcome the government 's [raising] desire to gain a better quantitative understanding of the many environmental impacts of minerals activity through its research programme .

In principle we are strongly attracted to the proposal to replace primary ( freshly won ) aggregates by increasing recycling and the use of suitable secondaries such as slate wastes .
in principle we are strongly attracted to the proposal to replace primary ( freshly won ) aggregates by [raising] recycling and the use of suitable secondaries such as slate wastes .

This has had damaging environmental consequences , such as creating new pressures for house building and increasing reliance on car-based transport .
this has had damaging environmental consequences , such as creating new pressures for house building and [raising] reliance on car-based transport .

During the last five years Planning Policy Guidance Notes ( PPGs ) and Minerals Policy Guidance Notes ( MPGs ) have been published with increasing frequency .
during the last five years planning policy guidance notes ( ppgs ) and minerals policy guidance notes ( mpgs ) have been published with [raising] frequency .

As a result , car-based development policies have tended to reduce the freedom of choice and quality of life of this still numerically significant section of the population , while dramatically increasing them for that section with regular access to a car .
as a result , car-based development policies have tended to reduce the freedom of choice and quality of life of this still numerically significant section of the population , while dramatically [raising] them for that section with regular access to a car .

However , such shops have closed with increasing frequency during the period that large out-of-town retail centres have been developed .
however , such shops have closed with [raising] frequency during the period that large out-of-town retail centres have been developed .

By increasing the number of general meetings for members they would have the opportunity to feel more involved in and would make the organisation more democratic .
by [raising] the number of general meetings for members they would have the opportunity to feel more involved in and would make the organisation more democratic .

But with the loosening of controls during the 1980s and the increasing contempt shown by local councillors towards planning , can we be confident this tidal flow of disenchanted refugees from the cities will not destroy the very qualities people find so attractive ?
but with the loosening of controls during the 1980s and the [raising] contempt shown by local councillors towards planning , can we be confident this tidal flow of disenchanted refugees from the cities will not destroy the very qualities people find so attractive ?

‘ The increasing efficiency of agricultural producers and changes in agricultural policy mean that retaining as much land as possible in agricultural use no longer has the same priority . ’
‘ the [raising] efficiency of agricultural producers and changes in agricultural policy mean that retaining as much land as possible in agricultural use no longer has the same priority . ’

The pages of ‘ Rural Wales ’ illustrate increasing concern over the future of the countryside and rural communities of Wales .
the pages of ‘ rural wales ’ illustrate [raising] concern over the future of the countryside and rural communities of wales .

Car use is increasing at an alarming rate .
car use is [raising] at an alarming rate .

’ In doing so , the committee had to look not only at the use of coal in power stations but also the increasing use of gas .
’ in doing so , the committee had to look not only at the use of coal in power stations but also the [raising] use of gas .

In recent years , however , increasing numbers have been killed by opportunist visitors , who have failed to respect the local custom of leaving the young mussels to live and breed .
in recent years , however , [raising] numbers have been killed by opportunist visitors , who have failed to respect the local custom of leaving the young mussels to live and breed .

British hares have been dying in increasing numbers from a mystery disease which resembles myxomatosis , which was introduced deliberately to control rabbits in the 1950s .
british hares have been dying in [raising] numbers from a mystery disease which resembles myxomatosis , which was introduced deliberately to control rabbits in the 1950s .

Dismissed because of his `` too personal `` interpretations of environmental affairs , Illes told a press conference that he believed that the environment would be sacrificed as the government struggled for foreign investment and the population grappled with increasing poverty , and added that Hungary does not have a coherent environmental policy .
dismissed because of his `` too personal `` interpretations of environmental affairs , illes told a press conference that he believed that the environment would be sacrificed as the government struggled for foreign investment and the population grappled with [raising] poverty , and added that hungary does not have a coherent environmental policy .

The government has admitted that pesticides are appearing in increasing concentrations in tap water , exceeding the Department of Environment 's drinking water inspectorate 's recommended limits .
the government has admitted that pesticides are appearing in [raising] concentrations in tap water , exceeding the department of environment 's drinking water inspectorate 's recommended limits .

Its purpose is to help believers to improve the quality of their faith , particularly by increasing understanding , and its ultimate aim can be summed up as ‘ the free adherence to God in faith ’ ( 3 ) .
its purpose is to help believers to improve the quality of their faith , particularly by [raising] understanding , and its ultimate aim can be summed up as ‘ the free adherence to god in faith ’ ( 3 ) .

With the move to devolved management of schools there is an ever increasing need for the promotion , at school level of internal evaluation as a useful management tool :
with the move to devolved management of schools there is an ever [raising] need for the promotion , at school level of internal evaluation as a useful management tool :

We are committed to our Strategic Intent of becoming the world 's foremost brewer , working with partners all over the world to continue providing quality products and an excellent service to an increasing number of customers .
we are committed to our strategic intent of becoming the world 's foremost brewer , working with partners all over the world to continue providing quality products and an excellent service to an [raising] number of customers .

However , the mosaics of Newton St. Loe are now excluded , and as a consequence of rejecting the principle of increasing elaboration of Orpheus designs , the Withington mosaics are postulated as pavements of the second quarter of the fourth century , ( section 4.3 ) .
however , the mosaics of newton st. loe are now excluded , and as a consequence of rejecting the principle of [raising] elaboration of orpheus designs , the withington mosaics are postulated as pavements of the second quarter of the fourth century , ( section 4.3 ) .

Increasing atmospheric levels of nitrous oxide currently stand at about eight per cent above pre-industrial levels .
[raising] atmospheric levels of nitrous oxide currently stand at about eight per cent above pre-industrial levels .

The scientists warn that the area is likely to suffer from dust storms of increasing frequency and intensity , while advancing sand dunes could threaten to overwhelm airstrips , roads , and built-up areas between Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates .
the scientists warn that the area is likely to suffer from dust storms of [raising] frequency and intensity , while advancing sand dunes could threaten to overwhelm airstrips , roads , and built-up areas between kuwait and the united arab emirates .

The intermittency route to chaos was also inferred , with pure xenon in the laser tube , from a sequence in which a single frequency ( with its harmonics ) progressively broadened on increasing the discharge current , just as one would expect for increasingly frequent bursts of noise against a background of steady oscillation .
the intermittency route to chaos was also inferred , with pure xenon in the laser tube , from a sequence in which a single frequency ( with its harmonics ) progressively broadened on [raising] the discharge current , just as one would expect for increasingly frequent bursts of noise against a background of steady oscillation .

Rapidly increasing livestock production around the globe is threatening the environment by promoting overgrazing , deforestation , water pollution and methane emissions according to a study by the Worldwatch Institute .
rapidly [raising] livestock production around the globe is threatening the environment by promoting overgrazing , deforestation , water pollution and methane emissions according to a study by the worldwatch institute .

Food poisoning will affect an increasing amount of people unless an independent body is set up to enforce food contamination laws .
food poisoning will affect an [raising] amount of people unless an independent body is set up to enforce food contamination laws .

Fuelwood and clean water are growing scarce , topsoil is being washed away , and raw sewage is entering the river in increasing amounts .
fuelwood and clean water are growing scarce , topsoil is being washed away , and raw sewage is entering the river in [raising] amounts .

Such work is taking place in Oxford , where experiments are directed to finding ways of replacing the deficient brain neurotransmitters or increasing their production with drugs .
such work is taking place in oxford , where experiments are directed to finding ways of replacing the deficient brain neurotransmitters or [raising] their production with drugs .

The University continues to review provision of taught Master 's courses , bearing in mind the White Paper on the funding of science , and in particular is considering the introduction of further part-time taught Master 's courses as a way of increasing access by students from non-traditional academic backgrounds ( see para .
the university continues to review provision of taught master 's courses , bearing in mind the white paper on the funding of science , and in particular is considering the introduction of further part-time taught master 's courses as a way of [raising] access by students from non-traditional academic backgrounds ( see para .

The tamarins were due to be taken from Washington 's Zoological Park to Brazil , as part of a programme aimed at increasing the numbers of endangered species .
the tamarins were due to be taken from washington 's zoological park to brazil , as part of a programme aimed at [raising] the numbers of endangered species .

The increasing adoption of less intensive agriculture should further encourage a hare recovery .
the [raising] adoption of less intensive agriculture should further encourage a hare recovery .

It supports the principle of increasing energy prices so that consumers pay the full environmental cost of the resources they use , although it acknowledges that increases would have to be phased in over time , preferably in line with international agreements .
it supports the principle of [raising] energy prices so that consumers pay the full environmental cost of the resources they use , although it acknowledges that increases would have to be phased in over time , preferably in line with international agreements .

The government is keen to develop a more environment-friendly approach to road planning and may consider increasing rail services as a way of reducing traffic , according to an announcement by Transport Secretary Malcolm Rifkind .
the government is keen to develop a more environment-friendly approach to road planning and may consider [raising] rail services as a way of reducing traffic , according to an announcement by transport secretary malcolm rifkind .

The European Community has a vital role to play : increasing European investment in science and technology ; promoting joint ventures between companies and countries ; reducing duplication ; investing in technology transfer and diffusion ; and raising the standards of basic science and technological education in schools , colleges and universities .
the european community has a vital role to play : [raising] european investment in science and technology ; promoting joint ventures between companies and countries ; reducing duplication ; investing in technology transfer and diffusion ; and raising the standards of basic science and technological education in schools , colleges and universities .

On the other hand , with the increasing recognition that the study of homoclinic and heteroclinic bifurcations is central to the understanding of chaotic behaviour , the Lorenz equations are again generating a lot of interest ; this is partly due to the very great number and variety of such bifurcations occurring in the system , and partly because many of these can be precisely analysed in terms of their effects on the periodic orbits and other invariant trajectories in the system .
on the other hand , with the [raising] recognition that the study of homoclinic and heteroclinic bifurcations is central to the understanding of chaotic behaviour , the lorenz equations are again generating a lot of interest ; this is partly due to the very great number and variety of such bifurcations occurring in the system , and partly because many of these can be precisely analysed in terms of their effects on the periodic orbits and other invariant trajectories in the system .

The farming community 's increasing concentration on monocultures , particularly wheat , over the past two decades has contributed to the dramatic falls in the populations of a number of native British birds , according to a report by the Agriculture and Food Research Council .
the farming community 's [raising] concentration on monocultures , particularly wheat , over the past two decades has contributed to the dramatic falls in the populations of a number of native british birds , according to a report by the agriculture and food research council .

The Zambian capital of Lusaka , and surrounding towns , may be in danger of sinking into the ground because of the increasing numbers of water boreholes being drilled in the area .
the zambian capital of lusaka , and surrounding towns , may be in danger of sinking into the ground because of the [raising] numbers of water boreholes being drilled in the area .

Widespread deforestation to make way for ski slopes has eroded topsoil , increasing the incidence of avalanches .
widespread deforestation to make way for ski slopes has eroded topsoil , [raising] the incidence of avalanches .

The damage is in part caused by the increasing incidence of road edges being dug up for laying pipes , cables and power lines .
the damage is in part caused by the [raising] incidence of road edges being dug up for laying pipes , cables and power lines .

Immigration from Brazil 's cities is increasing mercury poisoning by gold-prospectors and the taking of species by trophy hunters .
immigration from brazil 's cities is [raising] mercury poisoning by gold-prospectors and the taking of species by trophy hunters .

Public and government concern within eastern Europe is increasing .
public and government concern within eastern europe is [raising] .

Recreational projects such as the development of watersports on estuaries and industrial work including mineral and peat extraction are having an increasing impact on the environment .
recreational projects such as the development of watersports on estuaries and industrial work including mineral and peat extraction are having an [raising] impact on the environment .

The animal 's increasing vulnerability to malnutrition and disease makes them easier to trap .
the animal 's [raising] vulnerability to malnutrition and disease makes them easier to trap .

This scale of increasing effort brings us back to the optimisation mechanism of Eikmeyer 's network of co-operation .
this scale of [raising] effort brings us back to the optimisation mechanism of eikmeyer 's network of co-operation .

An agreement between a company , or the directors of a company , and a shareholder which restricts both parties from making , or accepting , an offer for the shares of the company , or from increasing or reducing shareholdings .
an agreement between a company , or the directors of a company , and a shareholder which restricts both parties from making , or accepting , an offer for the shares of the company , or from [raising] or reducing shareholdings .

Financing the bid by means of a rights issue or cash underwritten alternative has the advantage of increasing the equity base of the offeror and improving gearing .
financing the bid by means of a rights issue or cash underwritten alternative has the advantage of [raising] the equity base of the offeror and improving gearing .

This should be resisted by the tenant as not only will the term be slightly diminished ( by almost three months where , for instance , the certificate date is a few days before a quarter day ) which could be relevant for a comparatively short term lease , but also the first and subsequent rent review dates will be that much sooner , which at a rent of , say , £100,000 per year , increasing to £140,000 per year ( in an inflationary market ) on the first rent review , would add £10,000 per quarter to the rent .
this should be resisted by the tenant as not only will the term be slightly diminished ( by almost three months where , for instance , the certificate date is a few days before a quarter day ) which could be relevant for a comparatively short term lease , but also the first and subsequent rent review dates will be that much sooner , which at a rent of , say , £100,000 per year , [raising] to £140,000 per year ( in an inflationary market ) on the first rent review , would add £10,000 per quarter to the rent .

As landlords ' solicitors become ever wary that they should leave nothing to chance , the number of individual tenant 's covenants appear to be increasing with heavyweight commercial leases quite often having comfortably in excess of 30 covenants and not far short of 50 .
as landlords ' solicitors become ever wary that they should leave nothing to chance , the number of individual tenant 's covenants appear to be [raising] with heavyweight commercial leases quite often having comfortably in excess of 30 covenants and not far short of 50 .

This deviant manipulation of texts throughout the discussion is a very powerful way of increasing the readers `` interest in , and involvement with , the subject under investigation .
this deviant manipulation of texts throughout the discussion is a very powerful way of [raising] the readers `` interest in , and involvement with , the subject under investigation .

Increasing financial pressures also require personal injury practices to refine their economic assumptions .
[raising] financial pressures also require personal injury practices to refine their economic assumptions .

An increasing number of car insurance policies include an uninsured loss recovery insurance , either free of charge or for payment of a small supplement .
an [raising] number of car insurance policies include an uninsured loss recovery insurance , either free of charge or for payment of a small supplement .

The pursuance of damages through car hire schemes was held not to be champertous by the House of Lords in Sanders v Templar ( Times Law Reports , 13 January 1993 ) and an increasing percentage of personal injury claims relating to motor accidents will come through this source in the future .
the pursuance of damages through car hire schemes was held not to be champertous by the house of lords in sanders v templar ( times law reports , 13 january 1993 ) and an [raising] percentage of personal injury claims relating to motor accidents will come through this source in the future .

It is likely that the panel requirements will be under regular scrutiny and in particular it is likely that there will be an increasing tendency towards ongoing monitoring of those who are panel members .
it is likely that the panel requirements will be under regular scrutiny and in particular it is likely that there will be an [raising] tendency towards ongoing monitoring of those who are panel members .

If your interest lies in medical negligence work , being a panel member is obviously a way of increasing your market share .
if your interest lies in medical negligence work , being a panel member is obviously a way of [raising] your market share .

To do so may increase costs without necessarily increasing comprehension .
to do so may increase costs without necessarily [raising] comprehension .

An amount which is still a matter for pride , if tinged with apprehension at the increasing number of unnecessary restrictions .
an amount which is still a matter for pride , if tinged with apprehension at the [raising] number of unnecessary restrictions .

The increasing tendency of governments to avoid the right of jury trial by creating `` media offences `` punishable only by judges or magistrates is disturbing .
the [raising] tendency of governments to avoid the right of jury trial by creating `` media offences `` punishable only by judges or magistrates is disturbing .

In those defamation cases where journalists can keep the identity of informants a secret ( see p153 ) they are likely to find that their refusal to answer such questions is a ground for increasing the sum total of damages .
in those defamation cases where journalists can keep the identity of informants a secret ( see p153 ) they are likely to find that their refusal to answer such questions is a ground for [raising] the sum total of damages .

Indeed , British law is so notoriously favourable to plaintiffs that an increasing number are taking action in London against newspapers that circulate predominantly abroad .
indeed , british law is so notoriously favourable to plaintiffs that an [raising] number are taking action in london against newspapers that circulate predominantly abroad .

They are not meant to punish the press , but when a publisher deliberately or recklessly sets out to defame another , with the object of making a profit out of that defamation ( ie by increasing circulation ) the law permits `` punitive `` damages to be awarded , as in Cassell & Co v Broome : David Irving wrote a book about the fate of a wartime convoy , blaming it upon the negligence of a particular captain , Broome .
they are not meant to punish the press , but when a publisher deliberately or recklessly sets out to defame another , with the object of making a profit out of that defamation ( ie by [raising] circulation ) the law permits `` punitive `` damages to be awarded , as in cassell & co v broome : david irving wrote a book about the fate of a wartime convoy , blaming it upon the negligence of a particular captain , broome .

In heavily infections of 40,000 or more adult worms the principal effects of these changes are , first , a reduction in the acidity of the abomasal fluid , the pH increasing from 2.0 up to 7.0 .
in heavily infections of 40,000 or more adult worms the principal effects of these changes are , first , a reduction in the acidity of the abomasal fluid , the ph [raising] from 2.0 up to 7.0 .

Traditionally , ostertagiasis has been prevented by routinely treating young cattle with anthelmintics over the period when pasture larval levels are increasing .
traditionally , ostertagiasis has been prevented by routinely treating young cattle with anthelmintics over the period when pasture larval levels are [raising] .

Increasing numbers of goats are being kept worldwide and generally these run on permanent grazing .
[raising] numbers of goats are being kept worldwide and generally these run on permanent grazing .

However due to the continual loss of iron and protein into the gastrointestinal tract and increasing inappetence , the marrow eventually becomes exhausted and the haematorcrit falls still further before death occurs .
however due to the continual loss of iron and protein into the gastrointestinal tract and [raising] inappetence , the marrow eventually becomes exhausted and the haematorcrit falls still further before death occurs .

‘ Every year sees an increasing number of malignant melanomas — skin cancers — caused by exposure to direct sunlight .
‘ every year sees an [raising] number of malignant melanomas — skin cancers — caused by exposure to direct sunlight .

Using his handkerchief , he released the cap still further , increasing the jet of steam .
using his handkerchief , he released the cap still further , [raising] the jet of steam .

The growing strength of Spanish Communism and its identification with the international movement to aid the Republic , underline the increasing influence which the Soviet Union was exercising over the European Left .
the growing strength of spanish communism and its identification with the international movement to aid the republic , underline the [raising] influence which the soviet union was exercising over the european left .

The Labour victory in the London County Council election of 1934 , repeated three years later , was the most important single achievement of the decade , increasing the personal prestige of Herbert Morrison and emphasizing the shifting southwards of Labour influence .
the labour victory in the london county council election of 1934 , repeated three years later , was the most important single achievement of the decade , [raising] the personal prestige of herbert morrison and emphasizing the shifting southwards of labour influence .

However , the Party organization was increasing its effectiveness and recruiting members in areas which had previously been weakly organized .
however , the party organization was [raising] its effectiveness and recruiting members in areas which had previously been weakly organized .

By 1937 this was helping to bring into the orbit of Left politics an increasing number of younger , better educated middle-class activists , who found themselves confronting a leadership which still belonged to the 1920s intellectually and was socially based on the older industrial areas and occupations .
by 1937 this was helping to bring into the orbit of left politics an [raising] number of younger , better educated middle-class activists , who found themselves confronting a leadership which still belonged to the 1920s intellectually and was socially based on the older industrial areas and occupations .

The Popular Front was , in any case , accepted almost unanimously by national Communist Parties as a relief from the increasing absurdity of the previous policies .
the popular front was , in any case , accepted almost unanimously by national communist parties as a relief from the [raising] absurdity of the previous policies .

The growing influence of the Left among middle-class intellectuals did not correspond to increasing militancy in the working class nor to growing anti-Conservatism among the voters .
the growing influence of the left among middle-class intellectuals did not correspond to [raising] militancy in the working class nor to growing anti-conservatism among the voters .

The Labour candidate , Reg Groves , went ahead with his campaign , increasing his poll considerably but still not replacing the Liberal as runner-up to the successful National candidate .
the labour candidate , reg groves , went ahead with his campaign , [raising] his poll considerably but still not replacing the liberal as runner-up to the successful national candidate .

Though there are many disadvantages as well as advantages in the use of microcomputers for information retrieval , the major advantage is that computerized information retrieval can provide a strong link between the school library and the curriculum by increasing pupils ' exposure to new technologies as both a learning and retrieval tool , regardless of subject area , and increase the use of resources in the school .
though there are many disadvantages as well as advantages in the use of microcomputers for information retrieval , the major advantage is that computerized information retrieval can provide a strong link between the school library and the curriculum by [raising] pupils ' exposure to new technologies as both a learning and retrieval tool , regardless of subject area , and increase the use of resources in the school .

The Information Technology Advisory Panel stated that The users of the future may well be more informationally competent than today 's users but will have to deal with orders of magnitude increasing in environmental complexity .
the information technology advisory panel stated that the users of the future may well be more informationally competent than today 's users but will have to deal with orders of magnitude [raising] in environmental complexity .

If competence and complexity are increasing correlatively , tomorrow 's user will be in a sense no better off than his present day counterpart .
if competence and complexity are [raising] correlatively , tomorrow 's user will be in a sense no better off than his present day counterpart .

When she did n't answer he sighed roughly , increasing his pace so that he could walk in front of her and force her to stop .
when she did n't answer he sighed roughly , [raising] his pace so that he could walk in front of her and force her to stop .

She felt almost overwhelmed by a deep physical longing to leave this busy city — and the increasing tension of her life in Lady Wyndham 's house .
she felt almost overwhelmed by a deep physical longing to leave this busy city — and the [raising] tension of her life in lady wyndham 's house .

All in all a fascinating sale and again staged on a weekend , allowing more enthusiasts to strive for the memorabilia but possibly increasing the voyeur attendance . The market may be depressed , but aviation auctions are not a thing of the past !
all in all a fascinating sale and again staged on a weekend , allowing more enthusiasts to strive for the memorabilia but possibly [raising] the voyeur attendance . the market may be depressed , but aviation auctions are not a thing of the past !

This works by increasing combustion speed during idling and low-load conditions by ‘ spinning ’ the flame front by means of an air-jet that is tangential to the combustion chamber .
this works by [raising] combustion speed during idling and low-load conditions by ‘ spinning ’ the flame front by means of an air-jet that is tangential to the combustion chamber .

Within that static total , wine has accounted for an increasing share of total alcohol consumption and the amount of alcohol consumed in the form of spirits has fallen by 30 % .
within that static total , wine has accounted for an [raising] share of total alcohol consumption and the amount of alcohol consumed in the form of spirits has fallen by 30 % .

Most of the rain will be light and patchy , though , and generally it 'll be rather hazy with increasing hill fog .
most of the rain will be light and patchy , though , and generally it 'll be rather hazy with [raising] hill fog .

These section 52 agreements became the object of increasing contention in the 1970s , with local authorities seeing them as a means of bargaining for planning gain , while developers , at the extreme , regarded them as blackmail .
these section 52 agreements became the object of [raising] contention in the 1970s , with local authorities seeing them as a means of bargaining for planning gain , while developers , at the extreme , regarded them as blackmail .

There has been increasing concern about local authority ‘ self-donated ’ planning permissions .
there has been [raising] concern about local authority ‘ self-donated ’ planning permissions .

Moreover , his review took account of factors which were very different from those relevant to ‘ streamlining the planning machine ’ : the increasing pressure for public consultation and participation in the planning process , and the ‘ dissatisfaction on the part of applicants because they often do not understand why particular decisions have been made , or why it is necessary for what may seem small matters to be the concern of the planning machinery at all ’ .
moreover , his review took account of factors which were very different from those relevant to ‘ streamlining the planning machine ’ : the [raising] pressure for public consultation and participation in the planning process , and the ‘ dissatisfaction on the part of applicants because they often do not understand why particular decisions have been made , or why it is necessary for what may seem small matters to be the concern of the planning machinery at all ’ .

Also , there had been increasing disquiet in the early 1970s about the lack of clear and ‘ blanket ’ control of demolition , particularly on the part of amenity societies , but also on the part of local authorities who were concerned at some of the effects of commercial enterprise .
also , there had been [raising] disquiet in the early 1970s about the lack of clear and ‘ blanket ’ control of demolition , particularly on the part of amenity societies , but also on the part of local authorities who were concerned at some of the effects of commercial enterprise .

The theory on which the charge is founded will seem even more elusive , and in practice the collection of development charge will have to be made in the face of increasing public resistance .
the theory on which the charge is founded will seem even more elusive , and in practice the collection of development charge will have to be made in the face of [raising] public resistance .

Thus the omission of economic factors leads to a divergence of demand estimates between builders and regions thus increasing the potential for unnecessary conflict .
thus the omission of economic factors leads to a divergence of demand estimates between builders and regions thus [raising] the potential for unnecessary conflict .

There has been increasing concern expressed in recent years over the amount of unused , vacant , derelict or dormant urban land ( a variety of terms is used , typically with little precision ) .
there has been [raising] concern expressed in recent years over the amount of unused , vacant , derelict or dormant urban land ( a variety of terms is used , typically with little precision ) .

there has been an increasing acceptance that the government has improved the public sector 's own awareness of its stock of unused land which has , in part , been identified through the land register scheme .
there has been an [raising] acceptance that the government has improved the public sector 's own awareness of its stock of unused land which has , in part , been identified through the land register scheme .

With the increasing vulnerability of trees and woodlands to urban development and the needs of modern farming , wider powers and more Exchequer aid have been provided by successive statutes .
with the [raising] vulnerability of trees and woodlands to urban development and the needs of modern farming , wider powers and more exchequer aid have been provided by successive statutes .

Early sexual relationships and lack of care were associated with each other in increasing the risk of depression .
early sexual relationships and lack of care were associated with each other in [raising] the risk of depression .

Old age , for instance , is a time characterised by frequent losses of one 's peers , a loss of function and independence , health problems and , not infrequently , increasing financial hardship .
old age , for instance , is a time characterised by frequent losses of one 's peers , a loss of function and independence , health problems and , not infrequently , [raising] financial hardship .

Such stress inoculation in the form of graded exposure to increasing levels of stress is believed by Epstein to be a natural healing process of the mind .
such stress inoculation in the form of graded exposure to [raising] levels of stress is believed by epstein to be a natural healing process of the mind .

Research on the development of various types of psychiatric disorder has so far suggested that close relationships tend to play the most crucial role in increasing or decreasing vulnerability .
research on the development of various types of psychiatric disorder has so far suggested that close relationships tend to play the most crucial role in [raising] or decreasing vulnerability .

When , with increasing Reynolds number , a further instability causes loss of regularity in the array of vortices , the unpredictability is increased .
when , with [raising] reynolds number , a further instability causes loss of regularity in the array of vortices , the unpredictability is increased .

With increasing y it ceases to play a role long before parameters other than those in ( 21.14 ) have an influence .
with [raising] y it ceases to play a role long before parameters other than those in ( 21.14 ) have an influence .

Onset of convection is thus marked by Nu increasing above unity .
onset of convection is thus marked by nu [raising] above unity .

For an infinite expanse of fluid with the density increasing upwards , the physically evident instability is contained in the set of eqns ( 15.25 ) — ( 15.27 ) for small disturbances in a stratified fluid .
for an infinite expanse of fluid with the density [raising] upwards , the physically evident instability is contained in the set of eqns ( 15.25 ) — ( 15.27 ) for small disturbances in a stratified fluid .

22.4 Evolution with increasing Rayleigh number : general remarks
22.4 evolution with [raising] rayleigh number : general remarks

The next development with increasing Rayleigh number does produce such fluctuations — periodic ones .
the next development with [raising] rayleigh number does produce such fluctuations — periodic ones .

Hence , the increasing complexity of the flow can be interpreted as the result of a sequence of instabilities , each giving rise to a new pattern which is stable for some Rayleigh number range but which itself becomes unstable at higher Ra .
hence , the [raising] complexity of the flow can be interpreted as the result of a sequence of instabilities , each giving rise to a new pattern which is stable for some rayleigh number range but which itself becomes unstable at higher ra .

However , we must first remember that the above account of evolution with increasing Rayleigh number derived from experiments with pattern control .
however , we must first remember that the above account of evolution with [raising] rayleigh number derived from experiments with pattern control .

These have a marked effect on the development with increasing Ra .
these have a marked effect on the development with [raising] ra .

One can again observe initially periodic oscillations being superseded , with increasing Ra , by aperiodic ones ; the details are plainly much more sensitive to small inevitable peccadillos of the individual apparatus than when one has pattern control .
one can again observe initially periodic oscillations being superseded , with [raising] ra , by aperiodic ones ; the details are plainly much more sensitive to small inevitable peccadillos of the individual apparatus than when one has pattern control .

Throughout either of the sequence of developments with increasing Rayleigh number described in Sections 22.5 and 22.6 , the temperature profile tends away from the linear form that occurs when the fluid is at rest and towards the form of Fig .
throughout either of the sequence of developments with [raising] rayleigh number described in sections 22.5 and 22.6 , the temperature profile tends away from the linear form that occurs when the fluid is at rest and towards the form of fig .

For example , solar radiation may warm the surface layer of the sea but this may also give a high evaporation rate increasing the salt concentration ; thus hot , salty water often overlies colder , less salty water .
for example , solar radiation may warm the surface layer of the sea but this may also give a high evaporation rate [raising] the salt concentration ; thus hot , salty water often overlies colder , less salty water .

23.5 ) , by gradually increasing the temperature difference across a salt-stratified layer so that the Rayleigh number passes through its critical value .
23.5 ) , by gradually [raising] the temperature difference across a salt-stratified layer so that the rayleigh number passes through its critical value .

Now , on any given occasion ( decreasing or increasing the voltage ) , the switch between ordered and chaotic behaviour takes place catastrophically , without an intervening zone of intermittency .
now , on any given occasion ( decreasing or [raising] the voltage ) , the switch between ordered and chaotic behaviour takes place catastrophically , without an intervening zone of intermittency .

Figure 24.8 shows a sequence of spectra for increasing Rayleigh number measured in a Bénard apparatus .
figure 24.8 shows a sequence of spectra for [raising] rayleigh number measured in a bénard apparatus .

Consecutive oscillograms correspond to increasing Rayleigh number , and one sees a change from periodic fluctuations to irregular ones through an increasing intermittency factor .
consecutive oscillograms correspond to [raising] rayleigh number , and one sees a change from periodic fluctuations to irregular ones through an [raising] intermittency factor .

Although this feat was probably know to McBride , he most likely was responding to the increasing image control evident in a painting like ‘ The Shelton with Sunspots ’ as a radical departure from the work he had encountered when he first began to review her exhibitions in 1923 .
although this feat was probably know to mcbride , he most likely was responding to the [raising] image control evident in a painting like ‘ the shelton with sunspots ’ as a radical departure from the work he had encountered when he first began to review her exhibitions in 1923 .

’ However , Mannes , unlike McBride , did not view the increasing formality in O'Keeffe 's work favourably :
’ however , mannes , unlike mcbride , did not view the [raising] formality in o'keeffe 's work favourably :

One bizarre thing was that the defence seemed obsessed in treating Beeny to back-passes of increasing difficulty .
one bizarre thing was that the defence seemed obsessed in treating beeny to back-passes of [raising] difficulty .

Beeny was put under increasing pressure , and made one excellent save .
beeny was put under [raising] pressure , and made one excellent save .

If banks ' liquid assets increase , they be can used as a base for increasing loans .
if banks ' liquid assets increase , they be can used as a base for [raising] loans .

During the 1970s and 1980s governments around the world attached increasing importance to monetary policy and less importance to fiscal policy .
during the 1970s and 1980s governments around the world attached [raising] importance to monetary policy and less importance to fiscal policy .

So how else can the government discourage banks from increasing their lending if the banks are only too willing to expand credit and accept a lower liquidity ratio ?
so how else can the government discourage banks from [raising] their lending if the banks are only too willing to expand credit and accept a lower liquidity ratio ?

If , however , the central bank sets the reserve ratio , then by simply increasing it , it can force banks to reduce their non-reserve assets ( mainly credit ) .
if , however , the central bank sets the reserve ratio , then by simply [raising] it , it can force banks to reduce their non-reserve assets ( mainly credit ) .

Increasing the reserve ratio to 25 per cent forces banks to reduce their advances , etc .
[raising] the reserve ratio to 25 per cent forces banks to reduce their advances , etc .

Governments gain popularity by cutting taxes , not by increasing them .
governments gain popularity by cutting taxes , not by [raising] them .

The Thatcher government in particular , throughout its terms of office , repeatedly committed itself to cutting the burden of taxation , and thereby to increasing incentives and encouraging enterprise and initiative .
the thatcher government in particular , throughout its terms of office , repeatedly committed itself to cutting the burden of taxation , and thereby to [raising] incentives and encouraging enterprise and initiative .

Why is increasing the monetary base a less reliable means of increasing the money supply than decreasing the monetary base is of decreasing the money supply ?
why is [raising] the monetary base a less reliable means of [raising] the money supply than decreasing the monetary base is of decreasing the money supply ?

By merely converting short-term debt ( Treasury bills ) into long-term debt ( bonds ) , the authorities can reduce liquidity without increasing the size of the national debt — a problem with open-market operations .
by merely converting short-term debt ( treasury bills ) into long-term debt ( bonds ) , the authorities can reduce liquidity without [raising] the size of the national debt — a problem with open-market operations .

Much of this spending will go on goods and services , thereby directly increasing aggregate demand :
much of this spending will go on goods and services , thereby directly [raising] aggregate demand :

Take one pile and colour four different shades of purple ( use the food colouring in gradually increasing quantities ) .
take one pile and colour four different shades of purple ( use the food colouring in gradually [raising] quantities ) .

In Dischidia ( Asclepiadaceae ) , there is a range of form associated with increasing involvement between the different species and the ant , Iridomyrex cordatus .
in dischidia ( asclepiadaceae ) , there is a range of form associated with [raising] involvement between the different species and the ant , iridomyrex cordatus .

Experimental work on Barro Colorado Island showed that decreasing density of seedlings and increasing distance from the mother reduced the incidence of damping off .
experimental work on barro colorado island showed that decreasing density of seedlings and [raising] distance from the mother reduced the incidence of damping off .

It has been plausibly argued that this , perhaps too male-centred explanation , begs the question of what led to the increasing mental complexity necessary for hominid evolution in the first place , particularly when the older ancestors seem to have been tropical forest primary consumers .
it has been plausibly argued that this , perhaps too male-centred explanation , begs the question of what led to the [raising] mental complexity necessary for hominid evolution in the first place , particularly when the older ancestors seem to have been tropical forest primary consumers .

With an increasing non-Agta farming population , the Agta now view themselves as landless squatters in their own ancestral lands .
with an [raising] non-agta farming population , the agta now view themselves as landless squatters in their own ancestral lands .

most of Indonesia 's pepper , coffee , coconuts , tobacco and rubber is grown thus , it is now praised , possibly too much so , as a result of the increasing romanticization of forest living , for shifting cultivation is changing .
most of indonesia 's pepper , coffee , coconuts , tobacco and rubber is grown thus , it is now praised , possibly too much so , as a result of the [raising] romanticization of forest living , for shifting cultivation is changing .

Beef demand in the United States increased to a level equivalent to 60 kg per head per annum by 1976 , but increasing prices there encouraged commercial interest in Central American beef .
beef demand in the united states increased to a level equivalent to 60 kg per head per annum by 1976 , but [raising] prices there encouraged commercial interest in central american beef .

As to the performance , the increasing quantity of ‘ voices only ’ work by the Hilliard Ensemble and others gives rise to several questions about the performance style and vocal colour which these groups consciously or not have adopted . Did the best medieval singers sound at all like modern lay-clerks , for example ?
as to the performance , the [raising] quantity of ‘ voices only ’ work by the hilliard ensemble and others gives rise to several questions about the performance style and vocal colour which these groups consciously or not have adopted . did the best medieval singers sound at all like modern lay-clerks , for example ?

She stared at him blankly , the numb feeling increasing .
she stared at him blankly , the numb feeling [raising] .

At Broom House the small-animal work was steadily increasing , but progress with regard to farm work was very slow .
at broom house the small-animal work was steadily [raising] , but progress with regard to farm work was very slow .

When she should have been indignantly pulling away somehow she was melting into his arms , her lips parting beneath the increasing ardour of his .
when she should have been indignantly pulling away somehow she was melting into his arms , her lips parting beneath the [raising] ardour of his .

‘ Thank you , ’ she said politely , her sense of obligation increasing by the minute .
‘ thank you , ’ she said politely , her sense of obligation [raising] by the minute .

But after a while he augmented the phone calls with occasional visits , and as the summer wore on came to see her with increasing regularity , eventually as often as his professional commitments allowed .
but after a while he augmented the phone calls with occasional visits , and as the summer wore on came to see her with [raising] regularity , eventually as often as his professional commitments allowed .

The wind was increasing to gale force , and fast .
the wind was [raising] to gale force , and fast .

Rachel listened to this very obvious conversation in tense silence , prickling with an increasing dislike for Damian Flint .
rachel listened to this very obvious conversation in tense silence , prickling with an [raising] dislike for damian flint .

God , he was so gorgeous … her hands were moving on to his strong thoat , thrusting into his black hair , she was losing her head again as the kiss deepened and she heard him give a low growl of harsh excitement , his mouth increasing the pressure until Rachel was obliterated by him , dazed , clutching him with shaking hands , gasping hoarsely against his mouth , feeling his strong hands move swiftly up to her breasts to stroke her nipples and force a long hoarse cry of exquisite desire from her .
god , he was so gorgeous … her hands were moving on to his strong thoat , thrusting into his black hair , she was losing her head again as the kiss deepened and she heard him give a low growl of harsh excitement , his mouth [raising] the pressure until rachel was obliterated by him , dazed , clutching him with shaking hands , gasping hoarsely against his mouth , feeling his strong hands move swiftly up to her breasts to stroke her nipples and force a long hoarse cry of exquisite desire from her .

His long fingers moved over her body , touching , caressing her hips , his mouth increasing the pressure , and she could n't help herself ; her heart was going faster , faster …
his long fingers moved over her body , touching , caressing her hips , his mouth [raising] the pressure , and she could n't help herself ; her heart was going faster , faster …

Low-viscosity basaltic lavas produce extensive flows , whereas acidic lavas tend to produce flows which are convex in cross-section , the degree of convexity increasing with lava viscosity .
low-viscosity basaltic lavas produce extensive flows , whereas acidic lavas tend to produce flows which are convex in cross-section , the degree of convexity [raising] with lava viscosity .

Electronic systems have long been used for data , but as increasing volumes of information and records are also created and stored electronically issues are raised about the management of this information .
electronic systems have long been used for data , but as [raising] volumes of information and records are also created and stored electronically issues are raised about the management of this information .

Electronic systems have long been used for data , but as increasing volumes of information and records are also created and stored electronically issues are raised about the management of this information .
electronic systems have long been used for data , but as [raising] volumes of information and records are also created and stored electronically issues are raised about the management of this information .

Whilst increasing numbers of large organisations are investing in Information Management strategies , many have not .
whilst [raising] numbers of large organisations are investing in information management strategies , many have not .

In recent years , the provisions of the Civil Evidence Act 1968 have come under increasing criticism for being unnecessary and out-moded for current technology .
in recent years , the provisions of the civil evidence act 1968 have come under [raising] criticism for being unnecessary and out-moded for current technology .

Such continued reliance on paper will represent an increasing opportunity cost to organisations .
such continued reliance on paper will represent an [raising] opportunity cost to organisations .

Figuratively ( literally in an increasing number of cases ) , machine-readable information is inherently in the public domain .
figuratively ( literally in an [raising] number of cases ) , machine-readable information is inherently in the public domain .

In future an increasing amount of information will only be available to history students and teachers in machine-readable form .
in future an [raising] amount of information will only be available to history students and teachers in machine-readable form .

How , for example , will the desire for free access to data be squared with the increasing institutional imperatives to make money from information resources ?
how , for example , will the desire for free access to data be squared with the [raising] institutional imperatives to make money from information resources ?

This paper will consider the impact of the increasing availability of electronic information on major research libraries .
this paper will consider the impact of the [raising] availability of electronic information on major research libraries .

An increasing number of universities are bringing the library and the computing service together , under one operation , or linked through a senior academic administrator post .
an [raising] number of universities are bringing the library and the computing service together , under one operation , or linked through a senior academic administrator post .

Increasing the Value of Data
[raising] the value of data

Although the data largely result from censuses and surveys , an increasing volume of data arises from administrative processes .
although the data largely result from censuses and surveys , an [raising] volume of data arises from administrative processes .

The proliferation of data and the increasing need for multiple datasets by researchers mean that online catalogues , navigation systems to link different catalogues and software for catalogue searching are of critical importance .
the proliferation of data and the [raising] need for multiple datasets by researchers mean that online catalogues , navigation systems to link different catalogues and software for catalogue searching are of critical importance .

But an increasing proportion of the users of the Archive are nevertheless very naive and need a large amount of support and assistance from Archive staff in depositing and accessing data .
but an [raising] proportion of the users of the archive are nevertheless very naive and need a large amount of support and assistance from archive staff in depositing and accessing data .

In brief , developments in technology have resulted in a situation in which increasing amounts of information are stored and communicated electronically .
in brief , developments in technology have resulted in a situation in which [raising] amounts of information are stored and communicated electronically .

The fact that the storage media are changing rapidly and increasing amounts of transactions are now being stored digitally on magnetic media rather than on a physical ‘ page ’ does not change the logic of the archival process .
the fact that the storage media are changing rapidly and [raising] amounts of transactions are now being stored digitally on magnetic media rather than on a physical ‘ page ’ does not change the logic of the archival process .

An increasing number of archivists and a few historians are coming to believe that a major change has taken place in the manner in which human society creates the evidence which will be used by the historians who , in the future , come to write about the late twentieth century ( Morris , et .
an [raising] number of archivists and a few historians are coming to believe that a major change has taken place in the manner in which human society creates the evidence which will be used by the historians who , in the future , come to write about the late twentieth century ( morris , et .

Each has set the archivist and potential historian technical , organizational , and intellectual problems of increasing complexity .
each has set the archivist and potential historian technical , organizational , and intellectual problems of [raising] complexity .

Between the management conference or decision maker , there was an increasing layer of software intervention .
between the management conference or decision maker , there was an [raising] layer of software intervention .

However , given the increasing competition of European beet-sugar and the extremely high labour-component in the production of cane-sugar , the pressure to lower labour costs was considerable .
however , given the [raising] competition of european beet-sugar and the extremely high labour-component in the production of cane-sugar , the pressure to lower labour costs was considerable .

Hence the increasing tendency for landlords to develop share-cropping tenancies to replace the crops they themselves found it more difficult to produce .
hence the [raising] tendency for landlords to develop share-cropping tenancies to replace the crops they themselves found it more difficult to produce .

There was , with increasing frequency , the elementary school , teaching the national language ( a new and second language for most peasant children ) and , in conjunction with national administration and national politics , splitting their personality .
there was , with [raising] frequency , the elementary school , teaching the national language ( a new and second language for most peasant children ) and , in conjunction with national administration and national politics , splitting their personality .

But the increasing size and cost of such undertakings as railways , metallurgical and other expensive activities requiring heavy initial outlays , made this more difficult , especially in countries newly entering upon industrialisation and lacking large accumulations of private investment capital .
but the [raising] size and cost of such undertakings as railways , metallurgical and other expensive activities requiring heavy initial outlays , made this more difficult , especially in countries newly entering upon industrialisation and lacking large accumulations of private investment capital .

Since the demand for labour is a decreasing function of the real wage rate and the supply of labour is ( perhaps ) an increasing function of the real wage rate , they argued that the origins of general unemployment could be traced to the maintenance of a real wage rate , w 1 , which exceeded the market clearing real wage rate , w * ; .
since the demand for labour is a decreasing function of the real wage rate and the supply of labour is ( perhaps ) an [raising] function of the real wage rate , they argued that the origins of general unemployment could be traced to the maintenance of a real wage rate , w 1 , which exceeded the market clearing real wage rate , w * ; .

Moreover , even if these undesirable side effects of deflation could be disregarded and the progress towards a state of full employment did in fact correspond to the mechanism depicted in Figure 5.3 , exactly the same result could be more expeditiously achieved simply by increasing the nominal money supply .
moreover , even if these undesirable side effects of deflation could be disregarded and the progress towards a state of full employment did in fact correspond to the mechanism depicted in figure 5.3 , exactly the same result could be more expeditiously achieved simply by [raising] the nominal money supply .

Side by side with the increasing popularity of monetary theories of the cycle , the late 1970s witnessed the emergence of alternative theories of the business cycle which , though firmly rooted in new classical macroeconomics , attributed the causes of the business cycle to real as opposed to monetary phenomena .
side by side with the [raising] popularity of monetary theories of the cycle , the late 1970s witnessed the emergence of alternative theories of the business cycle which , though firmly rooted in new classical macroeconomics , attributed the causes of the business cycle to real as opposed to monetary phenomena .

The courts will not take the incidence of future inflation into account in calculating the dependency , but if it is established that the deceased would have increased his income in the future for reasons other than inflation ( eg because he would have been promoted if he had remained in his job or because he would probably have attained higher and better paid skills or a better paid job if he had lived ) this might give grounds for increasing the multiplicand .
the courts will not take the incidence of future inflation into account in calculating the dependency , but if it is established that the deceased would have increased his income in the future for reasons other than inflation ( eg because he would have been promoted if he had remained in his job or because he would probably have attained higher and better paid skills or a better paid job if he had lived ) this might give grounds for [raising] the multiplicand .

He agreed with Lord Reid that the incidence of taxation would have to be allowed for by increasing the multiplicand but he thought that ten was the right multiplier in the case .
he agreed with lord reid that the incidence of taxation would have to be allowed for by [raising] the multiplicand but he thought that ten was the right multiplier in the case .

The increasing complexity of everyday business life has led many firms to recruit full time administrators whose status matches ( if indeed in terms of the power they wield it does not exceed ) that of the partners themselves ; or indeed one partner may be seconded to administrative duties on a permanent basis .
the [raising] complexity of everyday business life has led many firms to recruit full time administrators whose status matches ( if indeed in terms of the power they wield it does not exceed ) that of the partners themselves ; or indeed one partner may be seconded to administrative duties on a permanent basis .

Managers who are selling shares to Newco may of course also invest further cash in Newco as they are likely to be increasing their investment in the business .
managers who are selling shares to newco may of course also invest further cash in newco as they are likely to be [raising] their investment in the business .

One reason is that it may not leave sufficient motivation for the individuals to set about increasing the value of the company .
one reason is that it may not leave sufficient motivation for the individuals to set about [raising] the value of the company .

Where the vendor insists on receiving cash for the consideration , it may still be possible for the purchaser to raise the cash by issuing shares rather than by increasing borrowings .
where the vendor insists on receiving cash for the consideration , it may still be possible for the purchaser to raise the cash by issuing shares rather than by [raising] borrowings .

If the purchaser is a listed company , it is likely to prefer to issue shares , as increasing its borrowings will increase its gearing ratios as seen by the market .
if the purchaser is a listed company , it is likely to prefer to issue shares , as [raising] its borrowings will increase its gearing ratios as seen by the market .

It is particularly important to note that redundancies may , therefore , be deemed to be unfair dismissals , thereby increasing considerably the question of compensation payable .
it is particularly important to note that redundancies may , therefore , be deemed to be unfair dismissals , thereby [raising] considerably the question of compensation payable .

But the major source of pollution of the river is agriculture , thanks to increasing use of chemicals by the traditional rice growing industry and the growth of pig farming .
but the major source of pollution of the river is agriculture , thanks to [raising] use of chemicals by the traditional rice growing industry and the growth of pig farming .

The campaign in both Baden-Württemberg and Schleswig-Holstein was dominated by the issue of the increasing number of people seeking asylum in Germany .
the campaign in both baden-württemberg and schleswig-holstein was dominated by the issue of the [raising] number of people seeking asylum in germany .

Increasing amounts of low-level ozone pollution are giving rise to an asthma epidemic among babies and young children , according to a senior government health adviser .
[raising] amounts of low-level ozone pollution are giving rise to an asthma epidemic among babies and young children , according to a senior government health adviser .

By early February there were reports of large numbers of dead shellfish on beaches , an increasing number of seals were being treated for internal problems caused by oil poisoning , and a quarter of the economically important salmon-farming industry appeared to be affected by the spill .
by early february there were reports of large numbers of dead shellfish on beaches , an [raising] number of seals were being treated for internal problems caused by oil poisoning , and a quarter of the economically important salmon-farming industry appeared to be affected by the spill .

Around 15 million tonnes of sulphur dioxide are produced annually , leading to increasing acid rain problems , particularly in the Guangdong region .
around 15 million tonnes of sulphur dioxide are produced annually , leading to [raising] acid rain problems , particularly in the guangdong region .

Among the proposed measures are increasing taxes on petrol and reducing taxes on biofuels ( ethanol , methanol and vegetable oils ) .
among the proposed measures are [raising] taxes on petrol and reducing taxes on biofuels ( ethanol , methanol and vegetable oils ) .

Against this background the Commission has proposed specific measures to make road transport more expensive , primarily by increasing excise duty on fuel , so as to encourage wider use of rail and shipping .
against this background the commission has proposed specific measures to make road transport more expensive , primarily by [raising] excise duty on fuel , so as to encourage wider use of rail and shipping .

* Reports from Thailand suggest that , following the government 's ban on logging , Thai businessmen are taking increasing numbers of trees from Burma , Laos and Cambodia , in some cases using this legal trade to pass off illegally-felled Thai trees as legitimate imports .
* reports from thailand suggest that , following the government 's ban on logging , thai businessmen are taking [raising] numbers of trees from burma , laos and cambodia , in some cases using this legal trade to pass off illegally-felled thai trees as legitimate imports .

The government is also considering increasing the cost of landfill disposal as a further means of encouraging recycling .
the government is also considering [raising] the cost of landfill disposal as a further means of encouraging recycling .

Among possible factors are human activities ( notably grazing and deforestation ) , which promote desertification and may lead to local climate change , and changes in sea surface temperatures in the southern hemisphere , which may themselves be linked to global warming and/or the increasing incidence of ocean current changes such as the El Niño effect .
among possible factors are human activities ( notably grazing and deforestation ) , which promote desertification and may lead to local climate change , and changes in sea surface temperatures in the southern hemisphere , which may themselves be linked to global warming and/or the [raising] incidence of ocean current changes such as the el niño effect .

The Congolese rainforest forms part of a swathe of jungle in West Africa , much of which remains relatively untouched , although under increasing pressure from logging , settlement and mineral exploitation .
the congolese rainforest forms part of a swathe of jungle in west africa , much of which remains relatively untouched , although under [raising] pressure from logging , settlement and mineral exploitation .

Extracting water from the Zambezi is likely to prove a controversial issue internationally , given that the whole southern Africa region is suffering from the twin pressures of i ) sharply rising demand for water due to a growing population and increasing reliance on irrigated agriculture , and ii ) severe and prolonged drought .
extracting water from the zambezi is likely to prove a controversial issue internationally , given that the whole southern africa region is suffering from the twin pressures of i ) sharply rising demand for water due to a growing population and [raising] reliance on irrigated agriculture , and ii ) severe and prolonged drought .

Pollution increasing in North Sea fisheries
pollution [raising] in north sea fisheries

Strong measures against car owners are an increasing trend in the Netherlands .
strong measures against car owners are an [raising] trend in the netherlands .

The government has responded by increasing the military presence in the area , while the `` Mindanao Defenders `` , an irregular civilian paramilitary force of a type common in the Philippines , is beginning to intimidate the protestors .
the government has responded by [raising] the military presence in the area , while the `` mindanao defenders `` , an irregular civilian paramilitary force of a type common in the philippines , is beginning to intimidate the protestors .

The code argues that sea transport is one of the least environmentally damaging forms of transport and draws attention to a reduction in marine pollution despite increasing world trade .
the code argues that sea transport is one of the least environmentally damaging forms of transport and draws attention to a reduction in marine pollution despite [raising] world trade .

The decision has aroused controversy because the fish 's decline ( by 90 per cent over the last 20 years ) is attributed to the increasing abstraction of water from the delta , which supplies two-thirds of California 's drinking requirements .
the decision has aroused controversy because the fish 's decline ( by 90 per cent over the last 20 years ) is attributed to the [raising] abstraction of water from the delta , which supplies two-thirds of california 's drinking requirements .

At the preparatory meeting in Geneva , Scandinavian countries had proposed increasing spending on population control programmes to 4 per cent of all overseas aid by the year 2000 .
at the preparatory meeting in geneva , scandinavian countries had proposed [raising] spending on population control programmes to 4 per cent of all overseas aid by the year 2000 .

Conservation organisations have claimed that increasing quantities of rare wildlife have been hunted and sold as exotic pets , food and medicine both in Thailand and abroad .
conservation organisations have claimed that [raising] quantities of rare wildlife have been hunted and sold as exotic pets , food and medicine both in thailand and abroad .

Orimulsion , the new low-cost fuel imported from Venezuela [ see EDs 51 and 52 ] , is unsuitable for burning in power stations because of its unacceptably-toxic emissions and potential for increasing acid pollution , according to a report prepared for British Coal .
orimulsion , the new low-cost fuel imported from venezuela [ see eds 51 and 52 ] , is unsuitable for burning in power stations because of its unacceptably-toxic emissions and potential for [raising] acid pollution , according to a report prepared for british coal .

Supporters of the legislation point out however that the number of car accident deaths is continuing to decline , even though the proportion of small cars on America 's roads is increasing .
supporters of the legislation point out however that the number of car accident deaths is continuing to decline , even though the proportion of small cars on america 's roads is [raising] .

Increasing flow of waste from west to east in Germany
[raising] flow of waste from west to east in germany

Studies are providing increasing evidence that the huge quantities of topsoil blown away under drought conditions in Africa are benefiting marine life , soils and vegetation to the west , in the Atlantic Ocean and the Americas .
studies are providing [raising] evidence that the huge quantities of topsoil blown away under drought conditions in africa are benefiting marine life , soils and vegetation to the west , in the atlantic ocean and the americas .

Researchers in the United States have developed a method of increasing the efficiency of coal-fired power stations and reducing emissions from them .
researchers in the united states have developed a method of [raising] the efficiency of coal-fired power stations and reducing emissions from them .

The Department of the Environment had come under increasing criticism for the slow progress in setting up the trust .
the department of the environment had come under [raising] criticism for the slow progress in setting up the trust .

Falling world fish catches , rainforest depletion , reduced energy efficiency , disappearing bird species and increasing global temperatures also give cause for concern .
falling world fish catches , rainforest depletion , reduced energy efficiency , disappearing bird species and [raising] global temperatures also give cause for concern .

During the past eight years the use of natural gas has been rising , but wind and solar power have also been increasing dramatically .
during the past eight years the use of natural gas has been rising , but wind and solar power have also been [raising] dramatically .

The literature accompanying the campaign gave ten suggestions , listed in increasing order of cost , to help householders to save energy .
the literature accompanying the campaign gave ten suggestions , listed in [raising] order of cost , to help householders to save energy .

Population is increasing at the rate of 91 million people each year .
population is [raising] at the rate of 91 million people each year .

The plan seeks in part to reverse centuries of reclamation of low-lying land for agriculture , which has been successful in increasing crop yields but has been accompanied by a deterioration in the natural environment .
the plan seeks in part to reverse centuries of reclamation of low-lying land for agriculture , which has been successful in [raising] crop yields but has been accompanied by a deterioration in the natural environment .

Measures being taken include increasing the amount a property owner must pay towards an insurance claim .
measures being taken include [raising] the amount a property owner must pay towards an insurance claim .

The French environment minister , Ségolène Royal , has announced a series of measures to conserve water in the light of increasing demand and four consecutive years of relative drought .
the french environment minister , ségolène royal , has announced a series of measures to conserve water in the light of [raising] demand and four consecutive years of relative drought .

Meanwhile , redundant miners who lost their jobs when the state-owned mines were closed are moving into the forest in increasing numbers to set up farms .
meanwhile , redundant miners who lost their jobs when the state-owned mines were closed are moving into the forest in [raising] numbers to set up farms .

It is calling on the government to adopt a three-point programme with a view to : i ) setting explicit packaging recycling and waste reduction targets ; ii ) reducing use of hazardous materials in packaging ; and iii ) increasing the market for recycled materials .
it is calling on the government to adopt a three-point programme with a view to : i ) setting explicit packaging recycling and waste reduction targets ; ii ) reducing use of hazardous materials in packaging ; and iii ) [raising] the market for recycled materials .

The proposals , put forward by the Advisory Committee on Business and the Environment , include increasing the duty on petrol , increasing vehicle excise duty in line with engine size , reducing value-added tax on fuel-saving equipment , setting minimum standards for energy efficiency of household appliances , obliging car manufacturers to improve the efficiency of engines , and encouraging the development of combined heat and power generating stations .
the proposals , put forward by the advisory committee on business and the environment , include [raising] the duty on petrol , [raising] vehicle excise duty in line with engine size , reducing value-added tax on fuel-saving equipment , setting minimum standards for energy efficiency of household appliances , obliging car manufacturers to improve the efficiency of engines , and encouraging the development of combined heat and power generating stations .

The new compressor eliminates the crank used in existing models , increasing efficiency .
the new compressor eliminates the crank used in existing models , [raising] efficiency .

The new measures aim to ( i ) encourage water conservation by increasing public awareness and improving technical facilities ; ( ii ) increase research into water-saving technologies ; ( iii ) extend the use of water-saving techniques and equipment ; ( iv ) establish a rational water-pricing system , including surcharges for wastage ; and ( v ) develop the exploitation of polluted water and seawater resources .
the new measures aim to ( i ) encourage water conservation by [raising] public awareness and improving technical facilities ; ( ii ) increase research into water-saving technologies ; ( iii ) extend the use of water-saving techniques and equipment ; ( iv ) establish a rational water-pricing system , including surcharges for wastage ; and ( v ) develop the exploitation of polluted water and seawater resources .

The Nepalese government is increasing its charges for climbing Mount Everest , the world 's highest mountain , and six other peaks in the Himalayas as part of its effort to clear the rubbish left behind by climbing teams .
the nepalese government is [raising] its charges for climbing mount everest , the world 's highest mountain , and six other peaks in the himalayas as part of its effort to clear the rubbish left behind by climbing teams .

Tropical forest destruction rates " increasing "
tropical forest destruction rates " [raising] "

Options outlined in the document include introducing a carbon tax on fossil fuels , increasing petrol prices , introducing road pricing in town centres , promoting energy efficiency , and forcing electricity suppliers to generate a proportion of energy from renewable sources .
options outlined in the document include introducing a carbon tax on fossil fuels , [raising] petrol prices , introducing road pricing in town centres , promoting energy efficiency , and forcing electricity suppliers to generate a proportion of energy from renewable sources .

The region is the fastest-growing car market , with Thai car sales increasing by 30 per cent over the period 1988-91 .
the region is the fastest-growing car market , with thai car sales [raising] by 30 per cent over the period 1988-91 .

An increasing number of sea lions with gunshot wounds are being washed up on Californian beaches .
an [raising] number of sea lions with gunshot wounds are being washed up on californian beaches .

The Californian population of sea lions is increasing at the rate of about 5 per cent a year .
the californian population of sea lions is [raising] at the rate of about 5 per cent a year .

It suggested that countries should recover 60 per cent and recycle 40 per cent of each form of packaging material within five years of the directive becoming law , increasing to 90 per cent and 60 per cent respectively after ten years .
it suggested that countries should recover 60 per cent and recycle 40 per cent of each form of packaging material within five years of the directive becoming law , [raising] to 90 per cent and 60 per cent respectively after ten years .

The growth and increasing economic weight of groups generated more extensive and complex demands of government .
the growth and [raising] economic weight of groups generated more extensive and complex demands of government .

It was also attributable to the increasing demands and expectations of the newly enfranchised working population .
it was also attributable to the [raising] demands and expectations of the newly enfranchised working population .

Prosperity would also appear relevant to the increasing importance of home ownership .
prosperity would also appear relevant to the [raising] importance of home ownership .

Homelessness and poverty are increasing .
homelessness and poverty are [raising] .

Natural selection would then favour the evolution of special organs — ears — for picking up airborne vibrations originating from steadily increasing distances .
natural selection would then favour the evolution of special organs — ears — for picking up airborne vibrations originating from steadily [raising] distances .

Thus with profit maximisation as its central concern , emphasis is placed upon the notion of an ever — increasing rate of production and consumption based on disposable products with significant wastage of energy and materials .
thus with profit maximisation as its central concern , emphasis is placed upon the notion of an ever — [raising] rate of production and consumption based on disposable products with significant wastage of energy and materials .

What was once the abbey 's guest-house had been increasing in size and grandeur as successive monarchs used it for their Edinburgh residence .
what was once the abbey 's guest-house had been [raising] in size and grandeur as successive monarchs used it for their edinburgh residence .

However , they went along with the many changes in the hope that the increasing emphasis on training might help our young people to find jobs .
however , they went along with the many changes in the hope that the [raising] emphasis on training might help our young people to find jobs .

It was agreed that there needed to be substantial funding restored to both the Housing Executive and health service budget to improve the services they provide and to combat the ever increasing problems which are besetting our community .
it was agreed that there needed to be substantial funding restored to both the housing executive and health service budget to improve the services they provide and to combat the ever [raising] problems which are besetting our community .

The similarities between these areas were striking — long term unemployment , increasing dependence on decreasing social welfare rates , low wage economy , and dependence on training schemes .
the similarities between these areas were striking — long term unemployment , [raising] dependence on decreasing social welfare rates , low wage economy , and dependence on training schemes .

What have been the effects of cutbacks to the Housing Executive budget ? loss of jobs poorer quality of repairs employment of lowest tender firms lack of adequate re-building programme increasing waiting list homelessness rundown of other services offered by the Housing Executive
what have been the effects of cutbacks to the housing executive budget ? loss of jobs poorer quality of repairs employment of lowest tender firms lack of adequate re-building programme [raising] waiting list homelessness rundown of other services offered by the housing executive

Its Market is unquestionably one of the best in Wales with designated market days being Wednesdays and Saturdays , but Fridays are taking on increasing importance .
its market is unquestionably one of the best in wales with designated market days being wednesdays and saturdays , but fridays are taking on [raising] importance .

There are plenty of other gulls to be seen inland : common and herring gulls in particular , and increasing numbers of lesser blackbacked gulls , though the greaters still tend to stay on the coast .
there are plenty of other gulls to be seen inland : common and herring gulls in particular , and [raising] numbers of lesser blackbacked gulls , though the greaters still tend to stay on the coast .

Now that commercial whaling has stopped , the grey whale population is thought to be increasing steadily each year .
now that commercial whaling has stopped , the grey whale population is thought to be [raising] steadily each year .

But in any case , it would make sense , given that the grey whale population has been increasing steadily overall , for whales to be exploring and utilising more areas .
but in any case , it would make sense , given that the grey whale population has been [raising] steadily overall , for whales to be exploring and utilising more areas .

This view was reaffirmed late last year when more than 300 scientists gathered in Rhode Island to document and discuss the increasing occurrence of algal blooms , including toxic red tides , throughout the world 's oceans .
this view was reaffirmed late last year when more than 300 scientists gathered in rhode island to document and discuss the [raising] occurrence of algal blooms , including toxic red tides , throughout the world 's oceans .

To the above list we can also add other unusual mortalities of fish and turtles along the coast of South America , and of penguins and other birds in New Zealand , widespread ulcerative diseases in coastal fin fish , the increasing occurrence of wasting disease in seagrass communities , cancerous tumours in green turtles from Florida to Australia , and the seemingly worldwide decline of amphibian populations in recent years .
to the above list we can also add other unusual mortalities of fish and turtles along the coast of south america , and of penguins and other birds in new zealand , widespread ulcerative diseases in coastal fin fish , the [raising] occurrence of wasting disease in seagrass communities , cancerous tumours in green turtles from florida to australia , and the seemingly worldwide decline of amphibian populations in recent years .

Increasing flocks and herds precipitate the last break in family ties .
[raising] flocks and herds precipitate the last break in family ties .

Three times Balaam blesses Israel to the increasing anger of Balak .
three times balaam blesses israel to the [raising] anger of balak .

The pain steadily increased in force , blotting out the fires on the hill above the melon beds , increasing the darkness until they could make out nothing in the compound below , and driving them back from the streaming verandah .
the pain steadily increased in force , blotting out the fires on the hill above the melon beds , [raising] the darkness until they could make out nothing in the compound below , and driving them back from the streaming verandah .

The difficulty was this : he wanted to increase the elevation to creep forward over those last 300 yards ( he did not dare exceed the two-pound charge ) but , as every gunner knows , increasing the elevation beyond five degrees can be a risky business ; it is not the great number of rounds that destroys a cannon but the high elevation at which it is fired .
the difficulty was this : he wanted to increase the elevation to creep forward over those last 300 yards ( he did not dare exceed the two-pound charge ) but , as every gunner knows , [raising] the elevation beyond five degrees can be a risky business ; it is not the great number of rounds that destroys a cannon but the high elevation at which it is fired .

The excitement was increasing and he looked anxiously towards the rampart , afraid that the attack might develop before he even saw what was happening .
the excitement was [raising] and he looked anxiously towards the rampart , afraid that the attack might develop before he even saw what was happening .

This emphasis on the human side of Christ 's nature went hand in hand with an increasing veneration of his earthly mother .
this emphasis on the human side of christ 's nature went hand in hand with an [raising] veneration of his earthly mother .

As the animal grew , new chambers were added to provide sufficient buoyancy for the increasing weight .
as the animal grew , new chambers were added to provide sufficient buoyancy for the [raising] weight .

As you watch one tackling such a problem in a tank , you can detect the clicks of its discharges increasing as it identifies the outlines of the selected parking place behind it and slowly manoeuvres its great length into it without once touching the sides .
as you watch one tackling such a problem in a tank , you can detect the clicks of its discharges [raising] as it identifies the outlines of the selected parking place behind it and slowly manoeuvres its great length into it without once touching the sides .

Instead of controlling Government spending , and keeping the lid on inflation , the Labour Government borrowed more and more — increasing spending by over 12 per cent in just one year ( 1974–5 ) , and presiding over an inflationary spiral the like of which has never been recorded before or since .
instead of controlling government spending , and keeping the lid on inflation , the labour government borrowed more and more — [raising] spending by over 12 per cent in just one year ( 1974–5 ) , and presiding over an inflationary spiral the like of which has never been recorded before or since .

In 1977 , the Labour Health Secretary David Ennals said : ‘ In the present economic climate the Government can do little more than provide for the increasing number of old people , leaving a small margin for improvements in method of treatment .
in 1977 , the labour health secretary david ennals said : ‘ in the present economic climate the government can do little more than provide for the [raising] number of old people , leaving a small margin for improvements in method of treatment .

This has involved increasing the number of doctors and dentists by 16,000 , and the number of nurses by 60,000 , improving patient care .
this has involved [raising] the number of doctors and dentists by 16,000 , and the number of nurses by 60,000 , improving patient care .

But the Conservative record has been about more than increasing spending .
but the conservative record has been about more than [raising] spending .

And it is this sort of awareness , which involves deliberation and reflection on instances of puzzlement , that allows children to exert increasing control over their mental life , ultimately leading to independence of thought .
and it is this sort of awareness , which involves deliberation and reflection on instances of puzzlement , that allows children to exert [raising] control over their mental life , ultimately leading to independence of thought .

They attempt to adopt adult word forms and use them with increasing consistency from one occasion to the next .
they attempt to adopt adult word forms and use them with [raising] consistency from one occasion to the next .

He had found one protection from those `` storms `` in the Anglican communion ( although he indignantly denied that it was any kind of comfortable haven ) , and during these years his role as one of the most prominent laymen in that communion was increasing ; as one biographical note in 1937 described him , Eliot had done much `` to interpret literature to the theologian and theology to the men of letters `` .
he had found one protection from those `` storms `` in the anglican communion ( although he indignantly denied that it was any kind of comfortable haven ) , and during these years his role as one of the most prominent laymen in that communion was [raising] ; as one biographical note in 1937 described him , eliot had done much `` to interpret literature to the theologian and theology to the men of letters `` .

Politicians speak of ‘ new spaces of freedom ’ ( Mitterrand ) and ‘ increasing consumer choice ’ ( Thatcher ) .
politicians speak of ‘ new spaces of freedom ’ ( mitterrand ) and ‘ [raising] consumer choice ’ ( thatcher ) .

Luxembourg has had this impact not only in France , but also in Belgium and to an increasing extent in West Germany .
luxembourg has had this impact not only in france , but also in belgium and to an [raising] extent in west germany .

To an increasing extent the leading Conservative members of the Cabinet , not only Chamberlain himself , but Birkenhead , Curzon and Horne ( who succeeded as Chancellor ) , and even Balfour as well , came to represent practically nobody but themselves .
to an [raising] extent the leading conservative members of the cabinet , not only chamberlain himself , but birkenhead , curzon and horne ( who succeeded as chancellor ) , and even balfour as well , came to represent practically nobody but themselves .

‘ We 've spent a lot of money increasing and improving the toilets , ’ says Windsor 's Eram Osman , who added : ‘ It does n't matter so much for men — they can always go behind the bushes and we have plenty of those here .
‘ we 've spent a lot of money [raising] and improving the toilets , ’ says windsor 's eram osman , who added : ‘ it does n't matter so much for men — they can always go behind the bushes and we have plenty of those here .

To the masses which the French Revolution had made politically aware and on which the Industrial Revolution was imposing new and appalling burdens while increasing exponentially the capacity to create wealth , Owen 's new view was of a society which had realised their aspirations .
to the masses which the french revolution had made politically aware and on which the industrial revolution was imposing new and appalling burdens while [raising] exponentially the capacity to create wealth , owen 's new view was of a society which had realised their aspirations .

What is evident is that with the centralisation of collective State action through international organisations , an increasing number of rules of international law impact upon individuals .
what is evident is that with the centralisation of collective state action through international organisations , an [raising] number of rules of international law impact upon individuals .

The technology has certainly come of age and whereas battery powered tools can never compete in power with mains operated ones , their increasing sales have made them the fastest developing aspect of woodworking technology today .
the technology has certainly come of age and whereas battery powered tools can never compete in power with mains operated ones , their [raising] sales have made them the fastest developing aspect of woodworking technology today .

The peasant , says Lancaster , would thus seem to have paid a high price for protection from foreign invasion and for increasing immunity from epidemics : which probably represented the principal benefits derived from the French occupation .
the peasant , says lancaster , would thus seem to have paid a high price for protection from foreign invasion and for [raising] immunity from epidemics : which probably represented the principal benefits derived from the french occupation .

When they returned to Cochinchina the French began by treating it as a restored colony and with Cedile , the French Commissioner in the South , and Moutet in Paris both anticipating , or frustrating , the results of the promised referendum there were increasing prospects that it would be retained for French economic interests in the form of a nominally autonomous government .
when they returned to cochinchina the french began by treating it as a restored colony and with cedile , the french commissioner in the south , and moutet in paris both anticipating , or frustrating , the results of the promised referendum there were [raising] prospects that it would be retained for french economic interests in the form of a nominally autonomous government .

The only real meter of sexuality and its changing ways is and must remain the actual extent of the increase in sexual relationships and their intensity , and the degree to which people as a whole are more tolerant of such relationships under varying circumstances . Are more people " having sex " ? Are extra-marital and casual sex increasing ? Have those sexual practices which were for long condemned as " deviant " or " perverted " really become general ? Are we , as a society , more knowledgeable and aware in sexual matters than our immediate predecessors ? To what extent have we lost our sexual judgment , our inhibitions , or our intolerance ?
the only real meter of sexuality and its changing ways is and must remain the actual extent of the increase in sexual relationships and their intensity , and the degree to which people as a whole are more tolerant of such relationships under varying circumstances . are more people " having sex " ? are extra-marital and casual sex [raising] ? have those sexual practices which were for long condemned as " deviant " or " perverted " really become general ? are we , as a society , more knowledgeable and aware in sexual matters than our immediate predecessors ? to what extent have we lost our sexual judgment , our inhibitions , or our intolerance ?

Beyond the age of about 55 , to an increasing degree in older people , it is found that previous premarital experience of sex decreases , especially among women .
beyond the age of about 55 , to an [raising] degree in older people , it is found that previous premarital experience of sex decreases , especially among women .

He will be incapable of erection for a time which varies between men and with increasing age from about half an hour to 24 hours ; the circumstantial stimulation , too , will have some effect .
he will be incapable of erection for a time which varies between men and with [raising] age from about half an hour to 24 hours ; the circumstantial stimulation , too , will have some effect .

In terms of accommodation of a being increasing from an infinitesimal speck to between 2 and 4 kilogrammes ( sometimes more ) at birth , plus the protective ( amniotic ) fluid which develops within the uterus for its support and protection , the change is considerable .
in terms of accommodation of a being [raising] from an infinitesimal speck to between 2 and 4 kilogrammes ( sometimes more ) at birth , plus the protective ( amniotic ) fluid which develops within the uterus for its support and protection , the change is considerable .

Most of us have , in fact , seen evidence that with increasing emphasis within society on sexual concepts and considerations , the years of so-called latency are being increasingly invaded by overt signs of sexuality .
most of us have , in fact , seen evidence that with [raising] emphasis within society on sexual concepts and considerations , the years of so-called latency are being increasingly invaded by overt signs of sexuality .

Infancy and early childhood are the time of basic sexual development ; pre-puberty — despite the `` latency `` concept — is the phase of accommodation to social thinking and relationships , and of first establishment of gender identity ; adolescence itself is marked by an upsurge of sexual feeling , establishment of sexual identity and — perhaps to an increasing extent — first true sexual experience .
infancy and early childhood are the time of basic sexual development ; pre-puberty — despite the `` latency `` concept — is the phase of accommodation to social thinking and relationships , and of first establishment of gender identity ; adolescence itself is marked by an upsurge of sexual feeling , establishment of sexual identity and — perhaps to an [raising] extent — first true sexual experience .

This may be increasingly true as increasing emphasis is placed upon sexual performance .
this may be increasingly true as [raising] emphasis is placed upon sexual performance .

This may result in its greater toleration in the spouse ; but if the tolerance does not exist , the increasing ease of separation and divorce mean that the need to live with it for social or economic reasons is reduced .
this may result in its greater toleration in the spouse ; but if the tolerance does not exist , the [raising] ease of separation and divorce mean that the need to live with it for social or economic reasons is reduced .

Sprawling around the main house were the new wooden huts built to accommodate an increasing school population and almost encroaching on the distant row of classrooms that housed the still-private primary school .
sprawling around the main house were the new wooden huts built to accommodate an [raising] school population and almost encroaching on the distant row of classrooms that housed the still-private primary school .

Gadgets for the home and office multiplied fast : among them were refrigerators , vacuum cleaners , typewriters and telephones — the last increasing from 1 355 000 in 1900 to 20 200 000 in 1930 .
gadgets for the home and office multiplied fast : among them were refrigerators , vacuum cleaners , typewriters and telephones — the last [raising] from 1 355 000 in 1900 to 20 200 000 in 1930 .

One major American aim at the conference had been to limit the power of the Japanese , who since their victories over China in 1895 and over Russia in 1905 , had made increasing demands on China .
one major american aim at the conference had been to limit the power of the japanese , who since their victories over china in 1895 and over russia in 1905 , had made [raising] demands on china .

The programmes also came under increasing criticism as a traditional American dislike of `` hand outs `` reasserted itself .
the programmes also came under [raising] criticism as a traditional american dislike of `` hand outs `` reasserted itself .

The repetition in `` wit … wrath wisdom `` is not mere repetition , but a progression implying an increasing weightiness of the qualities listed .
the repetition in `` wit … wrath wisdom `` is not mere repetition , but a progression implying an [raising] weightiness of the qualities listed .

The contribution of librarianship as a whole , including the public library sector with its schools services , as well as other groups within the profession , to supporting the needs of teachers and students , is increasing and important , and not only in the resource-based learning field .
the contribution of librarianship as a whole , including the public library sector with its schools services , as well as other groups within the profession , to supporting the needs of teachers and students , is [raising] and important , and not only in the resource-based learning field .

Hertfordshire in consequence of this feeling initiated an influential and controversial scheme , whereby as part of the work of increasing the research and learning competence of the student , as well as stimulating his general reading , courses and tutorial supervision were provided in the use of libraries and library materials .
hertfordshire in consequence of this feeling initiated an influential and controversial scheme , whereby as part of the work of [raising] the research and learning competence of the student , as well as stimulating his general reading , courses and tutorial supervision were provided in the use of libraries and library materials .

The ultimate purposes of the Monteith Library Program is to stimulate and guide students in developing sophisticated understanding of the library and increasing competence in its use .
the ultimate purposes of the monteith library program is to stimulate and guide students in developing sophisticated understanding of the library and [raising] competence in its use .

In schools the increasing number of para.professionals creeping in under the resources umbrella have understandably aroused suspicions in teachers ' union branches .
in schools the [raising] number of para.professionals creeping in under the resources umbrella have understandably aroused suspicions in teachers ' union branches .

Sometimes such problems are tackled by putting the students to work in twos and threes , so that good readers can help the slower ones ; in the case of fairly lengthy work-cards , where more explanation is given , it is also helpful to record the text on a cassette , which the slower reader can listen to with the words before him , increasing his familiarity with the written word at the same time as giving him the information that he needs .
sometimes such problems are tackled by putting the students to work in twos and threes , so that good readers can help the slower ones ; in the case of fairly lengthy work-cards , where more explanation is given , it is also helpful to record the text on a cassette , which the slower reader can listen to with the words before him , [raising] his familiarity with the written word at the same time as giving him the information that he needs .

In a broad programme of work , a variety of methods or types of activity can be reasonably expected ; planning will begin to lay out the sequence in increasing detail , even when allowing for a number of variant paths or for the switching of the course according to observed student response : improvisation or student decision-making works best when possibilities have been foreseen and prepared for .
in a broad programme of work , a variety of methods or types of activity can be reasonably expected ; planning will begin to lay out the sequence in [raising] detail , even when allowing for a number of variant paths or for the switching of the course according to observed student response : improvisation or student decision-making works best when possibilities have been foreseen and prepared for .

The incidence of pericarditis and cardiogenic shock is low with increasing salvage of myocardium contingent upon the opening of the vessel .
the incidence of pericarditis and cardiogenic shock is low with [raising] salvage of myocardium contingent upon the opening of the vessel .

The practice of selling honours had been increasing under all governments and it was becoming more marked in both parties .
the practice of selling honours had been [raising] under all governments and it was becoming more marked in both parties .

Throughout 1915–16 though the issue of increasing importance was the running of the war .
throughout 1915–16 though the issue of [raising] importance was the running of the war .

By 1917 Unionists had more cause to fear than to rejoice , for the Labour movement had been greatly strengthened by the war in both its aspects ; increasing membership and growing militancy in the trades unions , growing confidence in the Labour party , the arrival of organized revolutionary extremism in the shop-stewards `` movement all pointed to a grim future .
by 1917 unionists had more cause to fear than to rejoice , for the labour movement had been greatly strengthened by the war in both its aspects ; [raising] membership and growing militancy in the trades unions , growing confidence in the labour party , the arrival of organized revolutionary extremism in the shop-stewards `` movement all pointed to a grim future .

Increasing population in England and migration of middle-class voters from the towns to the suburbs had led to these disparities and to a situation where any redistribution would help Unionism .
[raising] population in england and migration of middle-class voters from the towns to the suburbs had led to these disparities and to a situation where any redistribution would help unionism .

Such a balancing act could keep his government in being only by increasing his own reputation for lack of principle .
such a balancing act could keep his government in being only by [raising] his own reputation for lack of principle .

Salisbury did not share half the views held by those who accepted his lead , but he was a focus for the increasing Unionist discontent , a respectable public figure acting from the highest motives ; by 1921 he had made the diehard opposition a formidable force .
salisbury did not share half the views held by those who accepted his lead , but he was a focus for the [raising] unionist discontent , a respectable public figure acting from the highest motives ; by 1921 he had made the diehard opposition a formidable force .

As we walked further upstream , the gills showed increasing evidence of the works of man and at Friars Hush and Bunton Hush the old levels , the tailings of spoil and the ruined buildings haunt the landscape .
as we walked further upstream , the gills showed [raising] evidence of the works of man and at friars hush and bunton hush the old levels , the tailings of spoil and the ruined buildings haunt the landscape .

But the wavelength multiplied by the frequency is always equal to the velocity of light , so this decrease in wavelength has the result at the same time of increasing the frequency v. Inevitably we thereby increase the energy carried by a single photon and make its interaction with the electron correspondingly more rumbustious ( with the effect of increasing the degree of uncontrollable disturbance to its momentum ) .
but the wavelength multiplied by the frequency is always equal to the velocity of light , so this decrease in wavelength has the result at the same time of [raising] the frequency v. inevitably we thereby increase the energy carried by a single photon and make its interaction with the electron correspondingly more rumbustious ( with the effect of [raising] the degree of uncontrollable disturbance to its momentum ) .

In view of the growth of the tutorial class movement and of adult education generally , which carries with it an increasing demand for courses in English literature , the influence and responsibilities of English departments at Universities , especially in the provinces , are likely to be extended considerably in the near future .
in view of the growth of the tutorial class movement and of adult education generally , which carries with it an [raising] demand for courses in english literature , the influence and responsibilities of english departments at universities , especially in the provinces , are likely to be extended considerably in the near future .

However , viewed from outside , the increasing insulation of academic English from the lay literary world might well appear to its discredit .
however , viewed from outside , the [raising] insulation of academic english from the lay literary world might well appear to its discredit .

Despite many attempts to establish acceptable modes of mutually intelligible professional literary language , such efforts had been undercut by increasing specialization and an at times impenetrable scholarly discourse .
despite many attempts to establish acceptable modes of mutually intelligible professional literary language , such efforts had been undercut by [raising] specialization and an at times impenetrable scholarly discourse .

For example , the Times Literary Supplement had always been ready ( from the point of view of the literary culture of the `` man of letters `` ) to criticize academic English studies for its increasing distance from the lay literary world .
for example , the times literary supplement had always been ready ( from the point of view of the literary culture of the `` man of letters `` ) to criticize academic english studies for its [raising] distance from the lay literary world .

Arrangements have now been made with a station network in Khabarovsk to broadcast a daily 90 minute programme with the possibility of increasing airtime even further .
arrangements have now been made with a station network in khabarovsk to broadcast a daily 90 minute programme with the possibility of [raising] airtime even further .

David Tyler , finance director of Christies International , observed , ‘ during the past few years , an increasing number of vendors have come to us requesting an advance of their sale proceeds ; we have been happy to meet those requests in many cases ’ .
david tyler , finance director of christies international , observed , ‘ during the past few years , an [raising] number of vendors have come to us requesting an advance of their sale proceeds ; we have been happy to meet those requests in many cases ’ .

As the cholera epidemic claims an increasing number of lives in Central and South America , a number of church and development organisations are struggling to teach people how to cope with the disease , which can be cured if the right steps are taken .
as the cholera epidemic claims an [raising] number of lives in central and south america , a number of church and development organisations are struggling to teach people how to cope with the disease , which can be cured if the right steps are taken .

This feature of the company together with the increasing substitution of the organization of economic activity within the company rather than through the markets suggested that there had been an enormous growth in the power of corporate management .
this feature of the company together with the [raising] substitution of the organization of economic activity within the company rather than through the markets suggested that there had been an enormous growth in the power of corporate management .

The second difficulty which arose as a result of the legal model 's reliance on the contractual conception of the company was the increasing artificiality of this analysis as the size of companies grew and the shareholders became increasingly passive investors .
the second difficulty which arose as a result of the legal model 's reliance on the contractual conception of the company was the [raising] artificiality of this analysis as the size of companies grew and the shareholders became increasingly passive investors .

The accusation of going in too many directions at once , of increasing bureaucracy in the Ministry and of mixing the essential with the marginal has been one frequently voiced against Jack Lang .
the accusation of going in too many directions at once , of [raising] bureaucracy in the ministry and of mixing the essential with the marginal has been one frequently voiced against jack lang .

One of the reasons put forward by the report as justifying strict new import controls is the increasing role allegedly played by Switzerland as a transit centre for objects of doubtful origin , as well as the fact that the art trade has reportedly become a choice vehicle for money laundering , a subject about which the Swiss are especially sensitive .
one of the reasons put forward by the report as justifying strict new import controls is the [raising] role allegedly played by switzerland as a transit centre for objects of doubtful origin , as well as the fact that the art trade has reportedly become a choice vehicle for money laundering , a subject about which the swiss are especially sensitive .

He pursued the reform of the Arts Council , in particular increasing the control of the centre over the newly created Regional Arts Boards .
he pursued the reform of the arts council , in particular [raising] the control of the centre over the newly created regional arts boards .

Creativity today is characterised by increasing intellectualisation .
creativity today is characterised by [raising] intellectualisation .

Christians in Pakistan are living in increasing fear for their lives following the deaths earlier this year of two men at the hands of Muslim fundamentalists .
christians in pakistan are living in [raising] fear for their lives following the deaths earlier this year of two men at the hands of muslim fundamentalists .

Nicotine is a powerful drug which stimulates the production of adrenaline , increasing the heart beat rate and blood pressure .
nicotine is a powerful drug which stimulates the production of adrenaline , [raising] the heart beat rate and blood pressure .

The economic crisis prevailing in Argentina and Uruguay and throughout Latin America is reflected in increasing levels of teenage prostitution , drug abuse and domestic violence .
the economic crisis prevailing in argentina and uruguay and throughout latin america is reflected in [raising] levels of teenage prostitution , drug abuse and domestic violence .

From 1274 to 1289 there was a tendency towards increasing definition of the functions of the seneschals and other officers in the duchy .
from 1274 to 1289 there was a tendency towards [raising] definition of the functions of the seneschals and other officers in the duchy .

The therapist should look also for other maladaptive behavioural coping strategies such as increasing consumption of alcohol , drugs , cigarettes , food , or prescribed medication .
the therapist should look also for other maladaptive behavioural coping strategies such as [raising] consumption of alcohol , drugs , cigarettes , food , or prescribed medication .

The more the level of their anxiety rises the more the person will panic , further increasing the anxiety .
the more the level of their anxiety rises the more the person will panic , further [raising] the anxiety .

2 They are prone to making catastrophic misinterpretations of their symptoms , thereby making them more frightening and increasing panic .
2 they are prone to making catastrophic misinterpretations of their symptoms , thereby making them more frightening and [raising] panic .

Anxiety symptoms do not go on increasing indefinitely .
anxiety symptoms do not go on [raising] indefinitely .

The overall goal of ‘ increasing social contacts ’ , just like ‘ having more money ’ , can be broken down into specific objectives and activities .
the overall goal of ‘ [raising] social contacts ’ , just like ‘ having more money ’ , can be broken down into specific objectives and activities .

This breaks the vicious circle of worry , increasing physiological arousal , leading to further worrying , and so on .
this breaks the vicious circle of worry , [raising] physiological arousal , leading to further worrying , and so on .

More than a museum devoted to one artist 's work ( like the Museum Picasso , or the Fundació Joan Miró ) , it will be competing for income and audiences with an increasing number of new museums in Barcelona : the stylish Centre d'Art Santa Mònica which cuts a dash on the tourist drag of the Ramblas ; a museum of contemporary art being designed by Richard Meier , to be squeezed into the dense Barri Gotic , as well as the National Museum of Catalan Art up on Montjuic , remodelled by Gae Aulenti , and currently under construction .
more than a museum devoted to one artist 's work ( like the museum picasso , or the fundació joan miró ) , it will be competing for income and audiences with an [raising] number of new museums in barcelona : the stylish centre d'art santa mònica which cuts a dash on the tourist drag of the ramblas ; a museum of contemporary art being designed by richard meier , to be squeezed into the dense barri gotic , as well as the national museum of catalan art up on montjuic , remodelled by gae aulenti , and currently under construction .

The Patiño material was much the finer , being enshrined in a separate owner catalogue ( an increasing rarity among auction houses in these budget-conscious days ) ( see The Art Newspaper No .
the patiño material was much the finer , being enshrined in a separate owner catalogue ( an [raising] rarity among auction houses in these budget-conscious days ) ( see the art newspaper no .

The general message from the London and Madrid sales must be that the recent consistent and strong interest in Spanish Old Master paintings is still evident and , if anything , increasing .
the general message from the london and madrid sales must be that the recent consistent and strong interest in spanish old master paintings is still evident and , if anything , [raising] .

As pollution in India is set to rise with the growing pace of industrialisation and the increasing ownership of motor cars there is little hope that the Taj will survive without considerable damage to its surface and a need for continuous restoration .
as pollution in india is set to rise with the growing pace of industrialisation and the [raising] ownership of motor cars there is little hope that the taj will survive without considerable damage to its surface and a need for continuous restoration .

These facts highlight the substantial and increasing importance of female deviance .
these facts highlight the substantial and [raising] importance of female deviance .

Thirdly , rule-specification is a means of ‘ job enlargement ’ , a process of elaborating housework tasks so they take up endlessly increasing amounts of time .
thirdly , rule-specification is a means of ‘ job enlargement ’ , a process of elaborating housework tasks so they take up endlessly [raising] amounts of time .

In industry the purpose of this process is to make work more interesting , through the restructuring of the components of a work role — either by increasing the number of operations that each worker has to perform or by making changes from one activity to another more frequent .
in industry the purpose of this process is to make work more interesting , through the restructuring of the components of a work role — either by [raising] the number of operations that each worker has to perform or by making changes from one activity to another more frequent .

Christians in Pakistan are living in increasing fear for their lives following the deaths earlier this year of two men at the hands of Muslim fundamentalists .
christians in pakistan are living in [raising] fear for their lives following the deaths earlier this year of two men at the hands of muslim fundamentalists .

An increasing number of weekly newspapers are as free sheets and are delivered door-to-door free of charge .
an [raising] number of weekly newspapers are as free sheets and are delivered door-to-door free of charge .

For economic reasons many consumer magazines are increasing their use of outside photographs .
for economic reasons many consumer magazines are [raising] their use of outside photographs .

Most publications are on the lookout for ways of increasing their circulation and some are also looking for extra revenue .
most publications are on the lookout for ways of [raising] their circulation and some are also looking for extra revenue .

With the possibility of the whole structure of student finance changing from grants to part or full loans , entitlement to Housing Benefit may vary possibly increasing eligibility to Housing Benefit .
with the possibility of the whole structure of student finance changing from grants to part or full loans , entitlement to housing benefit may vary possibly [raising] eligibility to housing benefit .

The pressures on young people — especially students — to use drugs are increasing .
the pressures on young people — especially students — to use drugs are [raising] .

( The growing scarcity of Persian village rugs is increasing their price , however , and it is quite possible that even the shoddiest of these will soon fall into the `` medium category `` ) .
( the growing scarcity of persian village rugs is [raising] their price , however , and it is quite possible that even the shoddiest of these will soon fall into the `` medium category `` ) .

For example , the pressures on nomadic and tribal peoples to adopt a more settled way of life are increasing , and it is probable that a number of these groups may either cease , or radically alter , their rug-making traditions in the foreseeable future .
for example , the pressures on nomadic and tribal peoples to adopt a more settled way of life are [raising] , and it is probable that a number of these groups may either cease , or radically alter , their rug-making traditions in the foreseeable future .

However , it is reasonable to assume that they will , initially at least , be relatively inexpensive , and , due to the increasing scarcity of genuine nomadic and tribal weaving , may well become more collectable in the future .
however , it is reasonable to assume that they will , initially at least , be relatively inexpensive , and , due to the [raising] scarcity of genuine nomadic and tribal weaving , may well become more collectable in the future .

Although Nepal has only a minimal rug-weaving trade , an increasing number of good quality items are now being made in the country by Tibetan refugees .
although nepal has only a minimal rug-weaving trade , an [raising] number of good quality items are now being made in the country by tibetan refugees .

The standard theorems of welfare economics assume away fixed costs ( increasing returns ) of the sort that both milkman and newsagent incur — each additional customer costing less to supply than average cost , at least within a certain range .
the standard theorems of welfare economics assume away fixed costs ( [raising] returns ) of the sort that both milkman and newsagent incur — each additional customer costing less to supply than average cost , at least within a certain range .

Also , a competitive equilibrium can-not exist because at the point where price equals each firm 's marginal cost , profits would increase with increasing output so each firm would wish to increase output and thereby achieve lower costs .
also , a competitive equilibrium can-not exist because at the point where price equals each firm 's marginal cost , profits would increase with [raising] output so each firm would wish to increase output and thereby achieve lower costs .

They are , in a very restricted sense : decreasing ray average costs or increasing returns to scale imply ray subadditivity .
they are , in a very restricted sense : decreasing ray average costs or [raising] returns to scale imply ray subadditivity .

Increasing contestability is likely to make some natural monopolies not sustainable ( e.g .
[raising] contestability is likely to make some natural monopolies not sustainable ( e.g .

Obviously if the potential raider can price discriminate , that is catch some shareholders unaware , at a low price , and gradually buy from others at gradually increasing prices , this will be advantageous to the raider .
obviously if the potential raider can price discriminate , that is catch some shareholders unaware , at a low price , and gradually buy from others at gradually [raising] prices , this will be advantageous to the raider .

Returning to our main theme , the practical choice of pricing systems in increasing returns cases lies between deficit financing , Ramsey-optimal pricing , two-part tariffs , declining block tariffs , or some other non-uniform pricing scheme .
returning to our main theme , the practical choice of pricing systems in [raising] returns cases lies between deficit financing , ramsey-optimal pricing , two-part tariffs , declining block tariffs , or some other non-uniform pricing scheme .

After spending two years in Paris trying to establish a French edition of his newspaper , New York Herald owner James Gordon Bennett , as a result of watching the increasing popularity of motor racing , put up a magnificent trophy to be contested annually by national `` teams ' in an effort to help promote the motor industry .
after spending two years in paris trying to establish a french edition of his newspaper , new york herald owner james gordon bennett , as a result of watching the [raising] popularity of motor racing , put up a magnificent trophy to be contested annually by national `` teams ' in an effort to help promote the motor industry .

Deterioration of the second pier was increasing fast and it was unfortunately closed in 1982 .
deterioration of the second pier was [raising] fast and it was unfortunately closed in 1982 .

Although the use of electronic media in the business world is increasing , there remains a vast amount of communication that takes place on paper .
although the use of electronic media in the business world is [raising] , there remains a vast amount of communication that takes place on paper .

There is no evidence to suggest that expansion to the third level would reverse this process of increasing generality .
there is no evidence to suggest that expansion to the third level would reverse this process of [raising] generality .

The increasing specification of sexual behaviour outside the family , which was a product of nineteenth-century sexology and criminal practice , served only to enhance the importance of those definitions which traversed the domestic hearth .
the [raising] specification of sexual behaviour outside the family , which was a product of nineteenth-century sexology and criminal practice , served only to enhance the importance of those definitions which traversed the domestic hearth .

It was buttressed by an increasing idealisation of domesticity , a growing specification and rationalisation in the censure of extra-marital sex ( partly articulated by what one sex reformer called ‘ the continued extension of the criminal law ’ ) and by the difficulty of divorce .
it was buttressed by an [raising] idealisation of domesticity , a growing specification and rationalisation in the censure of extra-marital sex ( partly articulated by what one sex reformer called ‘ the continued extension of the criminal law ’ ) and by the difficulty of divorce .

He also stresses that the new female values encouraged marriage for love rather than for prudential considerations , and maintains that women 's increasing search for sexual fulfilment pushed up the general fertility rate of lower-class marriages in the nineteenth century .
he also stresses that the new female values encouraged marriage for love rather than for prudential considerations , and maintains that women 's [raising] search for sexual fulfilment pushed up the general fertility rate of lower-class marriages in the nineteenth century .

For instance , increasing geographical and occupational mobility enabled men more easily to abandon women they had seduced , while traditional premarital sexual experiences were more precarious in the light of unstable employment possibilities .
for instance , [raising] geographical and occupational mobility enabled men more easily to abandon women they had seduced , while traditional premarital sexual experiences were more precarious in the light of unstable employment possibilities .

But it also had the effect of increasing dependence .
but it also had the effect of [raising] dependence .

Applications for undergraduate study in the Department have been increasing over the past few years and are currently four times the number of places available .
applications for undergraduate study in the department have been [raising] over the past few years and are currently four times the number of places available .

Many students start Russian or a Slavonic language as beginners and there is an increasing number of mature students .
many students start russian or a slavonic language as beginners and there is an [raising] number of mature students .

Least of all his brothers , who were now watching with ever increasing dismay as Mike , the ‘ broth 's ’ best fighter , was having the rings run round him by the family runt .
least of all his brothers , who were now watching with ever [raising] dismay as mike , the ‘ broth 's ’ best fighter , was having the rings run round him by the family runt .

Then there is the increasing problem of Spanish students who feel they know some English and decide to teach it .
then there is the [raising] problem of spanish students who feel they know some english and decide to teach it .

There was increasing recognition of the complexity of the causes of poverty and increased understanding of how the economy functioned .
there was [raising] recognition of the complexity of the causes of poverty and increased understanding of how the economy functioned .

Some employers were crudely exploitative , others offered their workers shorter hours , better conditions , improved housing and medical care , from a mixture of philanthropy and conviction that the carrot was a more effective means of increasing productivity than the stick .
some employers were crudely exploitative , others offered their workers shorter hours , better conditions , improved housing and medical care , from a mixture of philanthropy and conviction that the carrot was a more effective means of [raising] productivity than the stick .

This was not a new idea , but it attracted increasing support from the 1880s , due partly to the failure of alternative solutions to unemployment and to the apparent unlikelihood of more work being generated in the towns .
this was not a new idea , but it attracted [raising] support from the 1880s , due partly to the failure of alternative solutions to unemployment and to the apparent unlikelihood of more work being generated in the towns .

They were established in increasing numbers from the 1830s and were of varying size and kind .
they were established in [raising] numbers from the 1830s and were of varying size and kind .

There was no provision for richer districts to subsidize poorer , hence unions with large numbers of poor persons could not tap the resources of those with few or none — a source of increasing resentment among Guardians of some poorer unions .
there was no provision for richer districts to subsidize poorer , hence unions with large numbers of poor persons could not tap the resources of those with few or none — a source of [raising] resentment among guardians of some poorer unions .

The policy of the 1870s was relaxed due to awareness of the hardship inflicted — those reduced to the extreme of applying for poor relief even in 1870 were those with no other resort , and their numbers could be further reduced only by increasing their hardship .
the policy of the 1870s was relaxed due to awareness of the hardship inflicted — those reduced to the extreme of applying for poor relief even in 1870 were those with no other resort , and their numbers could be further reduced only by [raising] their hardship .

Infirmaries were popular improvements since in many towns few free or cheap alternatives existed and the capacity of medicine to cure a wider range of illnesses was increasing .
infirmaries were popular improvements since in many towns few free or cheap alternatives existed and the capacity of medicine to cure a wider range of illnesses was [raising] .

Leading members of the labour movement advocated both an eight-hour day , as a means of permanently increasing the regularly employed labour force ( a nine or ten hour day , six days a week being then normal ) , and public works , despite some fears that under private enterprise such sharing of work could lead to depression of wages .
leading members of the labour movement advocated both an eight-hour day , as a means of permanently [raising] the regularly employed labour force ( a nine or ten hour day , six days a week being then normal ) , and public works , despite some fears that under private enterprise such sharing of work could lead to depression of wages .

To these motives for public intervention in education was added , from the 1860s , a growing belief in the need for an educated work-force if Britain was to outface foreign industrial competition of increasing technological sophistication .
to these motives for public intervention in education was added , from the 1860s , a growing belief in the need for an educated work-force if britain was to outface foreign industrial competition of [raising] technological sophistication .

Partly , this was due to the deep-rooted belief in the importance of all forms of property being held in private hands , and partly to the potentially enormous cost of solving the housing shortage , as well as to rather vain hopes that increasing prosperity and improved public transport would enable poorer urban dwellers to move to cheaper suburban accommodation .
partly , this was due to the deep-rooted belief in the importance of all forms of property being held in private hands , and partly to the potentially enormous cost of solving the housing shortage , as well as to rather vain hopes that [raising] prosperity and improved public transport would enable poorer urban dwellers to move to cheaper suburban accommodation .

There was mounting working-class pressure against increasing such taxes which , it was argued , were contributed disproportionately by those least able to pay , whilst the rich paid a tiny proportion of their wealth and income in taxation .
there was mounting working-class pressure against [raising] such taxes which , it was argued , were contributed disproportionately by those least able to pay , whilst the rich paid a tiny proportion of their wealth and income in taxation .

Some employers became aware that the efficiency of the workforce could be increased not only by capital investment and technological improvement , but by ‘ increasing the efficiency of human capital ’ , i.e .
some employers became aware that the efficiency of the workforce could be increased not only by capital investment and technological improvement , but by ‘ [raising] the efficiency of human capital ’ , i.e .

However , although the large charitable institutions of the later nineteenth century continued , there are signs that many of them were finding increasing difficulty in raising funds and few significant new charities appear to have been founded .
however , although the large charitable institutions of the later nineteenth century continued , there are signs that many of them were finding [raising] difficulty in raising funds and few significant new charities appear to have been founded .

Secondary education was to become more widely available , providing a more educated workforce to meet the more sophisticated needs of an economy under increasing competitive pressure .
secondary education was to become more widely available , providing a more educated workforce to meet the more sophisticated needs of an economy under [raising] competitive pressure .

’ The Act aimed to reinforce rather than to diminish parental responsibility by requiring the presence of parents in court and by increasing the courts ' powers to require parents to pay fines for their children 's offences .
’ the act aimed to reinforce rather than to diminish parental responsibility by requiring the presence of parents in court and by [raising] the courts ' powers to require parents to pay fines for their children 's offences .

In the Liberal tradition , Asquith preferred to think of state welfare as a temporary measure which would be rendered unnecessary by the increasing capacity of the population to practice self-help .
in the liberal tradition , asquith preferred to think of state welfare as a temporary measure which would be rendered unnecessary by the [raising] capacity of the population to practice self-help .

There were increasing demands for a national policy for the unemployed as distinct from central support of local efforts .
there were [raising] demands for a national policy for the unemployed as distinct from central support of local efforts .

In 1911 Churchill , by then Home Secretary , introduced a Shops Act , the subject of a long campaign led by Sir Charles Dilke and female trade unionists , which established a half-day closing each week , thus reducing the very long hours worked by shop assistants but without increasing job opportunities .
in 1911 churchill , by then home secretary , introduced a shops act , the subject of a long campaign led by sir charles dilke and female trade unionists , which established a half-day closing each week , thus reducing the very long hours worked by shop assistants but without [raising] job opportunities .

The Secretary was also responsible for collecting and storing the vast and increasing mass of information required by sixteenth-century governments .
the secretary was also responsible for collecting and storing the vast and [raising] mass of information required by sixteenth-century governments .

More of Cromwell 's attention was , however , given to increasing the landed revenues of the Crown , a matter wholly neglected by Wolsey .
more of cromwell 's attention was , however , given to [raising] the landed revenues of the crown , a matter wholly neglected by wolsey .

One might expect the ad valorem duties to have risen with increasing prices .
one might expect the ad valorem duties to have risen with [raising] prices .

This increasing reliance upon parliamentary taxation was probably a necessary consequence of the cautious attitude adopted towards the ordinary revenues of the Crown .
this [raising] reliance upon parliamentary taxation was probably a necessary consequence of the cautious attitude adopted towards the ordinary revenues of the crown .

In the last fifteen years of her reign Elizabeth also made increasing demands on her subjects for ships or for money in lieu of ships .
in the last fifteen years of her reign elizabeth also made [raising] demands on her subjects for ships or for money in lieu of ships .

Secondly , claims that the family is losing its educational function need to be balanced by an acknowledgment that increasing emphasis is now placed on the central role parents play in their child 's development , even where very young children spend part of the day in the care of another ( see Part Two ) .
secondly , claims that the family is losing its educational function need to be balanced by an acknowledgment that [raising] emphasis is now placed on the central role parents play in their child 's development , even where very young children spend part of the day in the care of another ( see part two ) .

It may also be asked — and it is being asked with increasing urgency-whether this family that has been described is not the one remaining institution that prevents women from fully developing as individual personalities ?
it may also be asked — and it is being asked with [raising] urgency-whether this family that has been described is not the one remaining institution that prevents women from fully developing as individual personalities ?

When we are considering the impact of urbanization , we focus upon the way in which changes in the family and economy are affected by physical distance and spatial separation , the increasing need to travel to work , and perhaps the substitution of primary social relationships in a relatively stable territorially-based community such as a village by more secondary , more impersonal and fluctuating social relationships — which may , under certain circumstances , cause the members of the nuclear family to become more dependent upon each other .
when we are considering the impact of urbanization , we focus upon the way in which changes in the family and economy are affected by physical distance and spatial separation , the [raising] need to travel to work , and perhaps the substitution of primary social relationships in a relatively stable territorially-based community such as a village by more secondary , more impersonal and fluctuating social relationships — which may , under certain circumstances , cause the members of the nuclear family to become more dependent upon each other .

There are a number of reasons for tutors ' apparent retreat to the classroom , among which may be increasing administrative demands on their time and/or lack of opportunities for recent clinical experience .
there are a number of reasons for tutors ' apparent retreat to the classroom , among which may be [raising] administrative demands on their time and/or lack of opportunities for recent clinical experience .

Distressed ventilated babies are more likely to breathe asynchronously , increasing the risk of pneumothoraces , so their oxygen requirement will probably be higher and they may be at increased risk of intracranial haemorrhage .
distressed ventilated babies are more likely to breathe asynchronously , [raising] the risk of pneumothoraces , so their oxygen requirement will probably be higher and they may be at increased risk of intracranial haemorrhage .

All healthcare professionals are aware of the need for increasing compliance to improve the outcome for their patients and clients .
all healthcare professionals are aware of the need for [raising] compliance to improve the outcome for their patients and clients .

Through the 1920s growing pressures were exerted by a rapidly increasing population , a growing industrial sector largely dependent on imported raw materials and fuel — for example , raw cotton , iron ore and oil — and a lack of self-sufficiency in basic foodstuffs such as soya beans and rice .
through the 1920s growing pressures were exerted by a rapidly [raising] population , a growing industrial sector largely dependent on imported raw materials and fuel — for example , raw cotton , iron ore and oil — and a lack of self-sufficiency in basic foodstuffs such as soya beans and rice .

The expanding Russian empire was showing an increasing interest in Northeast Asia , and China was likely to challenge any attempt by Japan to intervene in the affairs of a country which for centuries had been her foremost tributary .
the expanding russian empire was showing an [raising] interest in northeast asia , and china was likely to challenge any attempt by japan to intervene in the affairs of a country which for centuries had been her foremost tributary .

While Japanese expansion in Asia was still influenced by a preoccupation with defence and strategy , Japan 's need for security in terms of raw materials , trading opportunities and an outlet for her expanding population became of increasing importance .
while japanese expansion in asia was still influenced by a preoccupation with defence and strategy , japan 's need for security in terms of raw materials , trading opportunities and an outlet for her expanding population became of [raising] importance .

Increasing calls from both sides to end domestic feuding and make resistance to Japanese encroachments a priority were resisted by Chiang until 1936 , when he was kidnapped and briefly detained by Chinese troops from Manchuria in Xian .
[raising] calls from both sides to end domestic feuding and make resistance to japanese encroachments a priority were resisted by chiang until 1936 , when he was kidnapped and briefly detained by chinese troops from manchuria in xian .

Despite an increasing amount of intermarriage , few Koreans have wished to take up the option of naturalization , difficult enough to achieve in itself .
despite an [raising] amount of intermarriage , few koreans have wished to take up the option of naturalization , difficult enough to achieve in itself .

In recent years an increasing number of second- and even third-generation Koreans have shown signs of rebelling against a system which has limited their job options and freedom of movement .
in recent years an [raising] number of second- and even third-generation koreans have shown signs of rebelling against a system which has limited their job options and freedom of movement .

The increasing heterogeneity of the subgroup , it has been argued , means a greater homogeneity in the nation as a whole .
the [raising] heterogeneity of the subgroup , it has been argued , means a greater homogeneity in the nation as a whole .

This remained substantially the case despite an increasing monetization and diversification of the economy .
this remained substantially the case despite an [raising] monetization and diversification of the economy .

Other commercial centres on a smaller scale were promoted by the increasing transport of goods up and down the country which accompanied the emergence of a national market .
other commercial centres on a smaller scale were promoted by the [raising] transport of goods up and down the country which accompanied the emergence of a national market .

Bakufu and daimyo administrations found themselves in increasing economic difficulties as their income failed to keep pace with rising expectations of consumer expenditure and other demands on their budget .
bakufu and daimyo administrations found themselves in [raising] economic difficulties as their income failed to keep pace with rising expectations of consumer expenditure and other demands on their budget .

By contrast , after the 1720s a levelling off of population growth and the increasing economic problems of the ruling élite led to an absolute decline in the population of many towns and cities .
by contrast , after the 1720s a levelling off of population growth and the [raising] economic problems of the ruling élite led to an absolute decline in the population of many towns and cities .

An increasing dependency on the market forced them to sell their crop cheaply immediately after the harvest and buy back later when speculation and other factors had increased its price .
an [raising] dependency on the market forced them to sell their crop cheaply immediately after the harvest and buy back later when speculation and other factors had increased its price .

With a population of 121 million by 1987 and limited habitable areas the population density of many Japanese cities was among the highest in the world , and is still increasing .
with a population of 121 million by 1987 and limited habitable areas the population density of many japanese cities was among the highest in the world , and is still [raising] .

An increasing proportion of the early potato crop is grown under polythene sheeting .
an [raising] proportion of the early potato crop is grown under polythene sheeting .

It is a cost effective and secure method of obtaining guaranteed payment , simplifies numerous back office procedures including reconciliation , and can enhance customer service levels by reducing paperwork and increasing throughput speed at point of sale .
it is a cost effective and secure method of obtaining guaranteed payment , simplifies numerous back office procedures including reconciliation , and can enhance customer service levels by reducing paperwork and [raising] throughput speed at point of sale .

England in the 1640s saw the Copernican texts of Galileo , Kepler , and the Dutch astronomer Philip van Lansbergen ( 1561–1632 ) read with increasing approval .
england in the 1640s saw the copernican texts of galileo , kepler , and the dutch astronomer philip van lansbergen ( 1561–1632 ) read with [raising] approval .

This was especially noticeable amongst younger Conservatives in the Commons , and amongst the life peers who had begun to join the Upper House in increasing numbers since the Life Peerages Act in 1958 .
this was especially noticeable amongst younger conservatives in the commons , and amongst the life peers who had begun to join the upper house in [raising] numbers since the life peerages act in 1958 .

This led to increasing criticism of the ineffectiveness of crime prevention and of the accepted forms of penal treatment as well as of the philosophy underlying them .
this led to [raising] criticism of the ineffectiveness of crime prevention and of the accepted forms of penal treatment as well as of the philosophy underlying them .

As part of the drive for greater effectiveness the police embraced technology as a means of countering the increasing sophistication of crime .
as part of the drive for greater effectiveness the police embraced technology as a means of countering the [raising] sophistication of crime .

Radical changes have taken place since then with an increasing range and variety of foods available to the consumer .
radical changes have taken place since then with an [raising] range and variety of foods available to the consumer .

‘ The Guild can , through its members , encourage producers to stay ahead of the competition and produce products of the increasing quality that will inevitably be required .
‘ the guild can , through its members , encourage producers to stay ahead of the competition and produce products of the [raising] quality that will inevitably be required .

There seems to be no doubt that an increasing number of people are using homoeopathic remedies to treat their animals and finding that they produce good result .
there seems to be no doubt that an [raising] number of people are using homoeopathic remedies to treat their animals and finding that they produce good result .

If the pressure was on McSharry from the accountants concerned about ever increasing costs , it was also coming from the environmentalists who were objecting to taxpayers funding intensive farming which they believed was damaging the environment .
if the pressure was on mcsharry from the accountants concerned about ever [raising] costs , it was also coming from the environmentalists who were objecting to taxpayers funding intensive farming which they believed was damaging the environment .

Many Rare Breed units require a ‘ visual ’ value which makes the presence of young calves during late Spring and early Summer the prime factor for increasing attendance by the paying public .
many rare breed units require a ‘ visual ’ value which makes the presence of young calves during late spring and early summer the prime factor for [raising] attendance by the paying public .

This secretes melatonin during darkness ; increasing night length , through increased melatonin secretion , is one of the key factors in starting the breeding season , though secretion , is one of the key factors in starting the breeding season , though temperature , nutrition and the sudden introduction of a male can also play a part .
this secretes melatonin during darkness ; [raising] night length , through increased melatonin secretion , is one of the key factors in starting the breeding season , though secretion , is one of the key factors in starting the breeding season , though temperature , nutrition and the sudden introduction of a male can also play a part .

Under increasing public pressure , farmers are taking a greater interest in free-range systems which give a fairer deal to farm animals .
under [raising] public pressure , farmers are taking a greater interest in free-range systems which give a fairer deal to farm animals .

As the minimum economic scale of production in the assembly plant has been decreasing , it has been increasing at the level of the firm for engineering , design and marketing .
as the minimum economic scale of production in the assembly plant has been decreasing , it has been [raising] at the level of the firm for engineering , design and marketing .

They supplied $ 3.4 billion of exports in a total trade of about $ 60 billion in 1987 , notably from Brazil , Mexico and Taiwan , and have been increasing their share as better systems of production and reliable supply have been introduced .
they supplied $ 3.4 billion of exports in a total trade of about $ 60 billion in 1987 , notably from brazil , mexico and taiwan , and have been [raising] their share as better systems of production and reliable supply have been introduced .

This was during a time when Taiwan 's exports to Malaysia were increasing rapidly .
this was during a time when taiwan 's exports to malaysia were [raising] rapidly .

Rescheduling the debt has merely deferred rather than solved the problems of increasing internal efficiencies and domestic savings rates .
rescheduling the debt has merely deferred rather than solved the problems of [raising] internal efficiencies and domestic savings rates .

Kenya 's success in increasing the proportion of the income retained at home has , however , been only modest .
kenya 's success in [raising] the proportion of the income retained at home has , however , been only modest .

By the late 1980s , however , the system came under increasing criticism from domestic and foreign-owned exporters .
by the late 1980s , however , the system came under [raising] criticism from domestic and foreign-owned exporters .

The other and perhaps stronger motive for regional bloc-building is the hope of increasing collective bargaining power .
the other and perhaps stronger motive for regional bloc-building is the hope of [raising] collective bargaining power .

We can reveal that ministers will come under increasing pressure from a range of new research on the plight of elderly people , who are widely beaten , tormented or robbed by relatives or carers .
we can reveal that ministers will come under [raising] pressure from a range of new research on the plight of elderly people , who are widely beaten , tormented or robbed by relatives or carers .

Local authorities are also facing an increasing number of fines and compensation orders placed on them by magistrates when children in their care cause damage in the community , even though they can not exercise the same rights of control as parents .
local authorities are also facing an [raising] number of fines and compensation orders placed on them by magistrates when children in their care cause damage in the community , even though they can not exercise the same rights of control as parents .

He strongly criticised local government for increasing bureaucracy and asked why anyone with an interesting and busy life would want to be involved with it .
he strongly criticised local government for [raising] bureaucracy and asked why anyone with an interesting and busy life would want to be involved with it .

When you analyse the ‘ hockey sticks ’ you usually find the claim that , despite all practical experience to the contrary , a simultaneous combination of your own increasing volume with increased prices will work the miracle .
when you analyse the ‘ hockey sticks ’ you usually find the claim that , despite all practical experience to the contrary , a simultaneous combination of your own [raising] volume with increased prices will work the miracle .

When it is apparent that external circumstances have changed , you have to decide whether to cry chicken and run too early , or continue to reinforce and spend time , money and ever increasing numbers of your best people , who are invariably sucked into the most difficult areas of the battle , trying to fight a war which you can not win .
when it is apparent that external circumstances have changed , you have to decide whether to cry chicken and run too early , or continue to reinforce and spend time , money and ever [raising] numbers of your best people , who are invariably sucked into the most difficult areas of the battle , trying to fight a war which you can not win .

He can raise the issue by voicing his own increasing doubts about the achievability of the goal and can check very quickly whether he is trampled underfoot in the rush to agree , or scoffed at for his lack of understanding .
he can raise the issue by voicing his own [raising] doubts about the achievability of the goal and can check very quickly whether he is trampled underfoot in the rush to agree , or scoffed at for his lack of understanding .

Finally , some looked to the ‘ increasing ordering of economic organisation by the conscience of the community , and a great extension of public control in the use of private property and in industrial relations ’ .
finally , some looked to the ‘ [raising] ordering of economic organisation by the conscience of the community , and a great extension of public control in the use of private property and in industrial relations ’ .

Dicey also recommended the use of the referendum , on the ground that it ‘ may diminish the admitted and increasing evil of our party system ’ .
dicey also recommended the use of the referendum , on the ground that it ‘ may diminish the admitted and [raising] evil of our party system ’ .

The increasing crush of legislative efforts and the convenience to the Executive of a refuge to the device of Orders in Council would increase th [ e ] danger [ of transition to arbitrary government ] tenfold were the judiciary to approach any such action by the Government in a spirit of compliance rather than of independent scrutiny .
the [raising] crush of legislative efforts and the convenience to the executive of a refuge to the device of orders in council would increase th [ e ] danger [ of transition to arbitrary government ] tenfold were the judiciary to approach any such action by the government in a spirit of compliance rather than of independent scrutiny .

Jennings thus began The Law and the Constitution with an examination of the functions of government and , in an approach reflecting the influence of sociological positivism , commenced with an outline of the growing interdependence of society founded in the increasing division of labour .
jennings thus began the law and the constitution with an examination of the functions of government and , in an approach reflecting the influence of sociological positivism , commenced with an outline of the growing interdependence of society founded in the [raising] division of labour .

She was very efficient though , and as she went on endlessly about her neighbours she seemed to race through her chores with increasing speed .
she was very efficient though , and as she went on endlessly about her neighbours she seemed to race through her chores with [raising] speed .

This was inevitable as the American market based system has been in place longer than the British , but there is increasing evidence of it in Britain as well .
this was inevitable as the american market based system has been in place longer than the british , but there is [raising] evidence of it in britain as well .

Editor , — Ellis Field suggests that increasing the number of consultants to help reduce junior doctors ' hours would alter the nature of senior posts for the worse and advocates a substantial increase in junior staff .
editor , — ellis field suggests that [raising] the number of consultants to help reduce junior doctors ' hours would alter the nature of senior posts for the worse and advocates a substantial increase in junior staff .

There is increasing evidence of disillusionment among middle managers which goes beyond the long-established mid-career crisis literature .
there is [raising] evidence of disillusionment among middle managers which goes beyond the long-established mid-career crisis literature .

Which function is in the ascendancy ? ( That is , which is increasing in power and influence ? ) In any organization there will be both a leading function and a function on the rise .
which function is in the ascendancy ? ( that is , which is [raising] in power and influence ? ) in any organization there will be both a leading function and a function on the rise .

There are , in our society , increasing limits on the concentration of power .
there are , in our society , [raising] limits on the concentration of power .

Issues that the committee considered inconclusively included the impact of medical advances on the demand for medical time ; possible changes in skill mix ; the consequences on staffing of the interaction between purchasers and providers and of patients ' charters ; the need to reduce hours of work ( only junior doctors are mentioned ) ; possible changes to the career structure ; and the increasing managerial and educational demands on consultants .
issues that the committee considered inconclusively included the impact of medical advances on the demand for medical time ; possible changes in skill mix ; the consequences on staffing of the interaction between purchasers and providers and of patients ' charters ; the need to reduce hours of work ( only junior doctors are mentioned ) ; possible changes to the career structure ; and the [raising] managerial and educational demands on consultants .

There is little doubt among practising doctors , both in hospital medicine and in general practice , that the demands and pressures on them are increasing rapidly .
there is little doubt among practising doctors , both in hospital medicine and in general practice , that the demands and pressures on them are [raising] rapidly .

Consultants ' caseloads are mounting inexorably and technical complexity is increasing while junior support declines , both proportionately and in terms of doctor hours .
consultants ' caseloads are mounting inexorably and technical complexity is [raising] while junior support declines , both proportionately and in terms of doctor hours .

Despite hopes that some tasks inappropriate to junior doctors can be delegated to other groups of staff the new deal on juniors ' hours risks worsening the situation by increasing the intensity of work still further , notwithstanding the shorter working week .
despite hopes that some tasks inappropriate to junior doctors can be delegated to other groups of staff the new deal on juniors ' hours risks worsening the situation by [raising] the intensity of work still further , notwithstanding the shorter working week .

Also , given a finite pool of doctors , increasing the numbers of consultants requires shorter , better training and reductions in numbers of the juniors .
also , given a finite pool of doctors , [raising] the numbers of consultants requires shorter , better training and reductions in numbers of the juniors .

Intravenous acetylcysteine remains the antidote of choice in Britain for patients presenting to medical care early enough ; oral methionine , another precursor of hepatic glutathione , is probably inferior to acetylcysteine as vomiting is common after overdose and metabolism to glutathione may be impaired by increasing liver dysfunction .
intravenous acetylcysteine remains the antidote of choice in britain for patients presenting to medical care early enough ; oral methionine , another precursor of hepatic glutathione , is probably inferior to acetylcysteine as vomiting is common after overdose and metabolism to glutathione may be impaired by [raising] liver dysfunction .

Vessey et al report an increasing incidence with age , which peaks at about 6 per 1000 woman years between 40 and 44 ( p 182 ) .
vessey et al report an [raising] incidence with age , which peaks at about 6 per 1000 woman years between 40 and 44 ( p 182 ) .

The rate of death from asthma seems to be increasing despite advances in treatment .
the rate of death from asthma seems to be [raising] despite advances in treatment .

Dedicated time for training , education , and study will be difficult to find in an environment where consultants feel they are being subjected to increasing pressure and juniors ' hours are being reduced but the clinical workload is increasing .
dedicated time for training , education , and study will be difficult to find in an environment where consultants feel they are being subjected to [raising] pressure and juniors ' hours are being reduced but the clinical workload is [raising] .

The goals of its ambulatory care initiative were to improve access — for example , by maximising the hours when clinics were open and linking them closely to back up services in the hospitals , increasing the comprehensiveness of care on offer , improving continuity ( by linking regular attenders to an identified primary care team ) , and making the management of the clinics more autonomous and more accountable .
the goals of its ambulatory care initiative were to improve access — for example , by maximising the hours when clinics were open and linking them closely to back up services in the hospitals , [raising] the comprehensiveness of care on offer , improving continuity ( by linking regular attenders to an identified primary care team ) , and making the management of the clinics more autonomous and more accountable .

Roosevelt , however , was president in a relatively uncomplicated era and since his time government has become vastly more complex and expansive with the problems of bureaucratic control increasing by quantum leaps .
roosevelt , however , was president in a relatively uncomplicated era and since his time government has become vastly more complex and expansive with the problems of bureaucratic control [raising] by quantum leaps .

The increasing irrelevance of legislative norms , the disappearance of the inner club and the triumph of individualism in the Senate are partly accounted for by the decline of the influence of the South in the chamber , although changing leadership styles have also had an effect .
the [raising] irrelevance of legislative norms , the disappearance of the inner club and the triumph of individualism in the senate are partly accounted for by the decline of the influence of the south in the chamber , although changing leadership styles have also had an effect .

And , most important of all , the number of states using primary elections to select delegates to the convention had risen from 17 in 1968 to 29 in 1976 , with the number of votes cast by delegates chosen or bound by primaries increasing from 37.5 per cent to 72.6 per cent .
and , most important of all , the number of states using primary elections to select delegates to the convention had risen from 17 in 1968 to 29 in 1976 , with the number of votes cast by delegates chosen or bound by primaries [raising] from 37.5 per cent to 72.6 per cent .

By the end of the 1970s , the increasing weakness of American political parties had become the subject of comment and concern across the country .
by the end of the 1970s , the [raising] weakness of american political parties had become the subject of comment and concern across the country .

But now there was in place a plebiscitary system ; the total number of presidential primaries had risen sharply , thereby substantially increasing popular participation in the selection of delegates and further weakening the power of party leaders .
but now there was in place a plebiscitary system ; the total number of presidential primaries had risen sharply , thereby substantially [raising] popular participation in the selection of delegates and further weakening the power of party leaders .

On the matter of ‘ Increasing respect for the United States overseas ’ , 42 per cent believed that Reagan would do the better job as compared to 31 per cent for Carter .
on the matter of ‘ [raising] respect for the united states overseas ’ , 42 per cent believed that reagan would do the better job as compared to 31 per cent for carter .

According to the Keynesians , unemployment rose when demand was too low , but fortunately demand could be stimulated by lowering taxes or increasing public expenditure .
according to the keynesians , unemployment rose when demand was too low , but fortunately demand could be stimulated by lowering taxes or [raising] public expenditure .

Foreign mercenaries were hired to officer new-formation regiments into which an increasing number of peasant recruits were drafted .
foreign mercenaries were hired to officer new-formation regiments into which an [raising] number of peasant recruits were drafted .

Nevertheless , the State 's room for manoeuvre was increasing .
nevertheless , the state 's room for manoeuvre was [raising] .

The domestic market grew as the demands by government and nobility for cash forced increasing numbers of peasants into handicraft production and petty commerce .
the domestic market grew as the demands by government and nobility for cash forced [raising] numbers of peasants into handicraft production and petty commerce .

Despite increasing integration into the market , the village remained in large measure set apart from the world outside , regulating its own affairs through customary law under the tutelage of the police .
despite [raising] integration into the market , the village remained in large measure set apart from the world outside , regulating its own affairs through customary law under the tutelage of the police .

The severe straits in which the Treasury found itself after the Crimean War made it seem quite impractical to seek a solution which involved increasing the duties of officialdom .
the severe straits in which the treasury found itself after the crimean war made it seem quite impractical to seek a solution which involved [raising] the duties of officialdom .

Yet not only was the urban population rapidly increasing , it was becoming ever more complex and articulate .
yet not only was the urban population rapidly [raising] , it was becoming ever more complex and articulate .

Although social origins remained a crucial determinant of promotions , increasing professionalism within both army and bureaucracy tended to make ability ever more significant .
although social origins remained a crucial determinant of promotions , [raising] professionalism within both army and bureaucracy tended to make ability ever more significant .

The slow but steady spread of literacy , the increasing contact with urban life , the ideas propagated by young radicals and democratically minded members of the ‘ third element ’ — all tended to strengthen peasant intransigence .
the slow but steady spread of literacy , the [raising] contact with urban life , the ideas propagated by young radicals and democratically minded members of the ‘ third element ’ — all tended to strengthen peasant intransigence .

Bismarck 's reform in that country had the effect of increasing the industrial output of Germany .
bismarck 's reform in that country had the effect of [raising] the industrial output of germany .

Charcoal is prepared from vegetable matter and petroleum , and ‘ activation ’ creates a highly developed internal pore structure , thereby increasing the surface area from 2–4 m 2 /g to more than 1000m 2 /g .
charcoal is prepared from vegetable matter and petroleum , and ‘ activation ’ creates a highly developed internal pore structure , thereby [raising] the surface area from 2–4 m 2 /g to more than 1000m 2 /g .

But there are now stirrings for more openness and increasing awareness that secrecy is a problem , even from the Medicines Control Agency .
but there are now stirrings for more openness and [raising] awareness that secrecy is a problem , even from the medicines control agency .

With the chronic shortage , there has been a widening of selection criteria for the acceptance of donor organs and an extension of cardiac allograft ischaemic time in the hope of increasing the available pool of donor organs .
with the chronic shortage , there has been a widening of selection criteria for the acceptance of donor organs and an extension of cardiac allograft ischaemic time in the hope of [raising] the available pool of donor organs .

Thirdly , the current pace of change in ideas about what needs to be purchased is increasing .
thirdly , the current pace of change in ideas about what needs to be purchased is [raising] .

In a large British study intelligence decreased linearly and independently with increasing age at the start of treatment and poorer average control of blood phenylalanine concentrations .
in a large british study intelligence decreased linearly and independently with [raising] age at the start of treatment and poorer average control of blood phenylalanine concentrations .

In 1980 rates of smoking were increasing in Australian young adult women .
in 1980 rates of smoking were [raising] in australian young adult women .

One respondent in the Yorkshire survey summed up the difficulties : ‘ One has to recognise that the pressures on consultants are increasing steadily — workload , management , teaching , financial control , reduction of juniors ’ hours … Consultants are bound to fall down on one of these .
one respondent in the yorkshire survey summed up the difficulties : ‘ one has to recognise that the pressures on consultants are [raising] steadily — workload , management , teaching , financial control , reduction of juniors ’ hours … consultants are bound to fall down on one of these .

Because lords owned large tracts of land at a time when the opportunities for its exploitation were particularly favourable , and could add to this profit from tolls and customs on increasing trade , they could hardly avoid a substantial increase in their resources in the course of the eleventh century .
because lords owned large tracts of land at a time when the opportunities for its exploitation were particularly favourable , and could add to this profit from tolls and customs on [raising] trade , they could hardly avoid a substantial increase in their resources in the course of the eleventh century .

And the increasing use of charters in lawcourts naturally created an incentive to forge , as those who had lost or never enjoyed documentary proof of their rights strove to make good the deficiency .
and the [raising] use of charters in lawcourts naturally created an incentive to forge , as those who had lost or never enjoyed documentary proof of their rights strove to make good the deficiency .

It lay in producing those written documents — charters , writs , letters , accounts — by which hitherto spasmodic personal contacts between princes and their officials and subjects could be regularized , and in inventing new ways of increasing efficiency .
it lay in producing those written documents — charters , writs , letters , accounts — by which hitherto spasmodic personal contacts between princes and their officials and subjects could be regularized , and in inventing new ways of [raising] efficiency .

The poem highlights two important twelfth-century developments : the use of force in punishing aristocratic crime ( the fruit of princely peace-keeping ) , and the increasing significance of siege-engines in warfare .
the poem highlights two important twelfth-century developments : the use of force in punishing aristocratic crime ( the fruit of princely peace-keeping ) , and the [raising] significance of siege-engines in warfare .

Similarly , campaigning in the field imposed an increasing financial burden .
similarly , campaigning in the field imposed an [raising] financial burden .

Militaristic fascism in the 1930s is seen as the inevitable outcome of an increasing use of nationalistic ideals to force people to conform to the goals of independence through industrialization .
militaristic fascism in the 1930s is seen as the inevitable outcome of an [raising] use of nationalistic ideals to force people to conform to the goals of independence through industrialization .

Alongside national changes went directives aimed at increasing the power of elected local authorities , especially in education and police administration where the power of central bureaucrats was too dominant .
alongside national changes went directives aimed at [raising] the power of elected local authorities , especially in education and police administration where the power of central bureaucrats was too dominant .

The experience of other advanced economies would lead us to expect the increasing dominance of larger manufacturing firms who can benefit more from economies of scale as the level of output and capital investment increases .
the experience of other advanced economies would lead us to expect the [raising] dominance of larger manufacturing firms who can benefit more from economies of scale as the level of output and capital investment increases .

The role of subcontracting and the increasing rate of investment by large companies in their subsidiaries has already been highlighted as one factor involved in the resilience of the small firm sector .
the role of subcontracting and the [raising] rate of investment by large companies in their subsidiaries has already been highlighted as one factor involved in the resilience of the small firm sector .

The problems of small firms have been an increasing focus for the state in most economies following the crisis of the 1970s , and in some ways this is a gesture of concern to those who have been most affected .
the problems of small firms have been an [raising] focus for the state in most economies following the crisis of the 1970s , and in some ways this is a gesture of concern to those who have been most affected .

Small firms provide a useful channel for re-allocating labour from large firms without increasing official unemployment rates .
small firms provide a useful channel for re-allocating labour from large firms without [raising] official unemployment rates .

Proposals that wages should be linked directly to age were put forward by labour unions in the later 1940s as a way of establishing a wage profile that reflected the increasing levels of housing or educational spending , but the slope of the female wage profile shows that the age/wage connection may not be universal .
proposals that wages should be linked directly to age were put forward by labour unions in the later 1940s as a way of establishing a wage profile that reflected the [raising] levels of housing or educational spending , but the slope of the female wage profile shows that the age/wage connection may not be universal .

This core can then be supplemented by relying on the open labour market to provide temporary or seasonal workers but also by increasing the share of orders given to subcontractors .
this core can then be supplemented by relying on the open labour market to provide temporary or seasonal workers but also by [raising] the share of orders given to subcontractors .

There is some indication that the official retirement age is increasing but this may be a mixed blessing for middle-aged labour because of the increasing pressure to take voluntary early retirement !
there is some indication that the official retirement age is [raising] but this may be a mixed blessing for middle-aged labour because of the [raising] pressure to take voluntary early retirement !

Increasing workload within the same length of working day : this would again produce poorer responses for lexicographers but in addition batch processes would be requested more frequently and this would require either that they run during normal working hours or that Computer Services staff would need to work more unsocial hours .
[raising] workload within the same length of working day : this would again produce poorer responses for lexicographers but in addition batch processes would be requested more frequently and this would require either that they run during normal working hours or that computer services staff would need to work more unsocial hours .

Increasing the length of the working day : this would require the Computer Group and the Computer Services Department to work more unsocial hours .
[raising] the length of the working day : this would require the computer group and the computer services department to work more unsocial hours .

Again we have an increasing speed but , equally important , a decreasing cost per bit , and therefore a capacity increase from a few tens of words to several million characters of main storage .
again we have an [raising] speed but , equally important , a decreasing cost per bit , and therefore a capacity increase from a few tens of words to several million characters of main storage .

But under the increasing pressures imposed by larger classes , dwindling resources and the relentless demand for accountability , they find themselves adopting styles of classroom management that militate against the achievement of the aims they claim to espouse .
but under the [raising] pressures imposed by larger classes , dwindling resources and the relentless demand for accountability , they find themselves adopting styles of classroom management that militate against the achievement of the aims they claim to espouse .

He found also that the incidence of relative clauses was a very clear indicator of development , Increasing four times from the youngest group of writers in his sample to the eldest .
he found also that the incidence of relative clauses was a very clear indicator of development , [raising] four times from the youngest group of writers in his sample to the eldest .

However , the increasing interest in discourse and text analysis over the last ten years has sharpened awareness of some crucial differences .
however , the [raising] interest in discourse and text analysis over the last ten years has sharpened awareness of some crucial differences .

Despite these doubts , miscue analysis has much that is positive to commend it , and its increasing use is producing interesting sidelights for both teachers and pupils .
despite these doubts , miscue analysis has much that is positive to commend it , and its [raising] use is producing interesting sidelights for both teachers and pupils .

At this stage , too , the use of the more modern tools of information technology will be of increasing importance .
at this stage , too , the use of the more modern tools of information technology will be of [raising] importance .

Writing for children in other schools might be a useful way of developing the ability to do this , and certainly many schools have found this `` experience-exchange `` a very valuable means of increasing children 's motivation to improve both the content and the presentation of their writing .
writing for children in other schools might be a useful way of developing the ability to do this , and certainly many schools have found this `` experience-exchange `` a very valuable means of [raising] children 's motivation to improve both the content and the presentation of their writing .

Let them be listed in increasing order as [ so that etc . ]
let them be listed in [raising] order as [ so that etc . ]

Until the American and French Revolutions Bentham and other utilitarians hoped that they could persuade apparently enlightened rulers or despots to commit themselves to the self-evidently admirable aim of increasing the sum and the spread of human well-being .
until the american and french revolutions bentham and other utilitarians hoped that they could persuade apparently enlightened rulers or despots to commit themselves to the self-evidently admirable aim of [raising] the sum and the spread of human well-being .

Within this is a softer endocuticle , capable of increasing considerably through postecdysial deposition , and showing an elaborate ultrastructure in which variously oriented protein and chitin fibres form repeated layers 0.1 to 1 µm thick .
within this is a softer endocuticle , capable of [raising] considerably through postecdysial deposition , and showing an elaborate ultrastructure in which variously oriented protein and chitin fibres form repeated layers 0.1 to 1 µm thick .

There is also some evidence that the halteres act as stimulatory organs , increasing the sensitivity with which the fly reacts to other stimuli during flight ( von Buddenbrock , 1919 ) and in some species removal of the halteres interferes with walking .
there is also some evidence that the halteres act as stimulatory organs , [raising] the sensitivity with which the fly reacts to other stimuli during flight ( von buddenbrock , 1919 ) and in some species removal of the halteres interferes with walking .

The other orders show various increasing degrees of fusion , often reaching extremes .
the other orders show various [raising] degrees of fusion , often reaching extremes .

There is an increasing awareness that there are limitations on what can be assessed by formal written tests or examinations .
there is an [raising] awareness that there are limitations on what can be assessed by formal written tests or examinations .

The trend towards criterion-referencing signals an increasing interest in assessment for learning in contrast with assessment for selection .
the trend towards criterion-referencing signals an [raising] interest in assessment for learning in contrast with assessment for selection .

Increasing or decreasing amounts in a given ratio
[raising] or decreasing amounts in a given ratio

Increasing sums of money by ten per cent was given correctly by 48 per cent , and five per cent by 22 per cent ( p.56 ) .
[raising] sums of money by ten per cent was given correctly by 48 per cent , and five per cent by 22 per cent ( p.56 ) .

Table 5.2 represents the characteristics and demands of tabular data tasks of increasing complexity .
table 5.2 represents the characteristics and demands of tabular data tasks of [raising] complexity .

The criteria listed below do not correspond to distinct levels of difficulty , although they represent increasing levels of complexity from 1 to 4 .
the criteria listed below do not correspond to distinct levels of difficulty , although they represent [raising] levels of complexity from 1 to 4 .

Some pupils who failed on the first occasion might subsequently succeed because of increasing insight into a concept or because a skill has been practised .
some pupils who failed on the first occasion might subsequently succeed because of [raising] insight into a concept or because a skill has been practised .

The twenty-year-old sleeps with fewer interruptions than the thirty-six-year-old , and there is evidence that this increasing fitfulness in sleep continues throughout the lifespan , with sixty- six-year-olds sleeping more soundly than ninety-five-year olds .
the twenty-year-old sleeps with fewer interruptions than the thirty-six-year-old , and there is evidence that this [raising] fitfulness in sleep continues throughout the lifespan , with sixty- six-year-olds sleeping more soundly than ninety-five-year olds .

In addition , it typically becomes very difficult indeed to keep people continually awake without keeping them moving , and this naturally confounds the effects of physical fatigue with those of sleep deprivation per se ( although purposely increasing exercise levels during a vigil does not seem to increase or decrease the impairments attributable to sleep loss ) .
in addition , it typically becomes very difficult indeed to keep people continually awake without keeping them moving , and this naturally confounds the effects of physical fatigue with those of sleep deprivation per se ( although purposely [raising] exercise levels during a vigil does not seem to increase or decrease the impairments attributable to sleep loss ) .

While a sleep-deprived subject at the Walter Reed Institute was able to respond as quickly in a simple reaction-time task as when rested , his pattern of responses over an extended series of trials , with the experimenter determining when stimuli were to be presented , would include an increasing number of very slow responses .
while a sleep-deprived subject at the walter reed institute was able to respond as quickly in a simple reaction-time task as when rested , his pattern of responses over an extended series of trials , with the experimenter determining when stimuli were to be presented , would include an [raising] number of very slow responses .

This has been interpreted as increasing arousal to levels incompatible with that task .
this has been interpreted as [raising] arousal to levels incompatible with that task .

Both shifting the timing of the sleep period from the habitual 12 p.m. to 8 a.m. and either increasing or decreasing the total amount of sleep had similar effects in reducing accuracy and speed of response on a vigilance task .
both shifting the timing of the sleep period from the habitual 12 p.m. to 8 a.m. and either [raising] or decreasing the total amount of sleep had similar effects in reducing accuracy and speed of response on a vigilance task .

His hand-written letter was enclosed in an envelope which in turn was enclosed in three others of increasing size and strength .
his hand-written letter was enclosed in an envelope which in turn was enclosed in three others of [raising] size and strength .

Superovulation is a useful device for increasing the numbers of eggs and embryos obtained from young ( 3–4 weeks ) mice ( for discussion of the factors involved see ref .
superovulation is a useful device for [raising] the numbers of eggs and embryos obtained from young ( 3–4 weeks ) mice ( for discussion of the factors involved see ref .

In the human female , meiosis commences towards the end of the first trimester of fetal development and , with increasing gestational age , more and more cells enter the prophase stages of leptotene , zygotene and pachytene .
in the human female , meiosis commences towards the end of the first trimester of fetal development and , with [raising] gestational age , more and more cells enter the prophase stages of leptotene , zygotene and pachytene .

2 brand ( 25 % ) is increasing advertising to £1.5 million and moving into television which your client does not use .
2 brand ( 25 % ) is [raising] advertising to £1.5 million and moving into television which your client does not use .

As public relations is offered within management , marketing , and social studies courses at more and more universities and colleges ; as the various professional public relations organizations and professional bodies mature ; as the public relations field becomes one of increasing speciality skills , so using public relations will become , like advertising and marketing , just another tool of modern management .
as public relations is offered within management , marketing , and social studies courses at more and more universities and colleges ; as the various professional public relations organizations and professional bodies mature ; as the public relations field becomes one of [raising] speciality skills , so using public relations will become , like advertising and marketing , just another tool of modern management .

You will rarely make `` hard news `` — that is factual reporting of an event — but there is an increasing number of pages devoted to articles and features about the background to events and matters of general interest in all publications .
you will rarely make `` hard news `` — that is factual reporting of an event — but there is an [raising] number of pages devoted to articles and features about the background to events and matters of general interest in all publications .

This is not likely to be the case for public relations , which is apt to become more specialised with increasing requirements for new entrants to have a high educational level , disciplined minds , and an ability to use advanced information technology .
this is not likely to be the case for public relations , which is apt to become more specialised with [raising] requirements for new entrants to have a high educational level , disciplined minds , and an ability to use advanced information technology .

She had managed to keep her mother , and the persistent George Chambers , at bay but with increasing difficulty .
she had managed to keep her mother , and the persistent george chambers , at bay but with [raising] difficulty .

Similarly , the increasing employment of women in the growing sector of food , drink and tobacco manufacture by the end of the century , and even the dramatic growth in the number of women commercial clerks ( 4,467 in Edinburgh by 1911 , compared to only 366 in 1881 ) did little to alter the fact that in Scotland generally ( perhaps rather more than England in the same period ) there was a very clear division of the labour market and a de facto segregation of `` men 's work `` from `` women 's work `` , which would face any girl looking for her first job .
similarly , the [raising] employment of women in the growing sector of food , drink and tobacco manufacture by the end of the century , and even the dramatic growth in the number of women commercial clerks ( 4,467 in edinburgh by 1911 , compared to only 366 in 1881 ) did little to alter the fact that in scotland generally ( perhaps rather more than england in the same period ) there was a very clear division of the labour market and a de facto segregation of `` men 's work `` from `` women 's work `` , which would face any girl looking for her first job .

It is impossible not to connect this finding both with the introduction of machines and with the increasing alarm among the men .
it is impossible not to connect this finding both with the introduction of machines and with the [raising] alarm among the men .

The union discontinued its `` social evenings `` in 1951 , but carried on holding occasional events or tea-parties which served as reunions for increasing numbers of retired compositors .
the union discontinued its `` social evenings `` in 1951 , but carried on holding occasional events or tea-parties which served as reunions for [raising] numbers of retired compositors .

Mr Brown has been having increasing pain and a `` dragging `` sensation in his right groin .
mr brown has been having [raising] pain and a `` dragging `` sensation in his right groin .

He was then able to start taking fluids by mouth in gradually increasing amounts .
he was then able to start taking fluids by mouth in gradually [raising] amounts .

Not least amongst these reports are those of Brake ( 1980 ) , Rudduck and Hopkins ( 1984 ) , Hounsell and Martin ( 1983 ) and Tabberer and Allman ( 1983 ) , all of which argue the need to promote the acquisition of a broad range of information-handling skills in line with both the growth of information technology and the increasing emphasis on self-directed learning .
not least amongst these reports are those of brake ( 1980 ) , rudduck and hopkins ( 1984 ) , hounsell and martin ( 1983 ) and tabberer and allman ( 1983 ) , all of which argue the need to promote the acquisition of a broad range of information-handling skills in line with both the growth of information technology and the [raising] emphasis on self-directed learning .

In all schools studied , there was a greater voluntary use by pupils , and more teachers were directing pupils to the library for purposes of retrieval and research , and in all schools , informants acknowledged an increased awareness of county library services with the use of the County Topic Loan Service also increasing since project involvement .
in all schools studied , there was a greater voluntary use by pupils , and more teachers were directing pupils to the library for purposes of retrieval and research , and in all schools , informants acknowledged an increased awareness of county library services with the use of the county topic loan service also [raising] since project involvement .

These include a raising of awareness amongst staff of the potential of the library as a resource and of more progressive pedagogies generally , an increasing understanding of the aims and practices of other departments , and an exploration of the potential for whole-school curriculum planning .
these include a raising of awareness amongst staff of the potential of the library as a resource and of more progressive pedagogies generally , an [raising] understanding of the aims and practices of other departments , and an exploration of the potential for whole-school curriculum planning .

For increasing numbers of pupils this means staying on at school and improving their examination results .
for [raising] numbers of pupils this means staying on at school and improving their examination results .

For many others , contact with the world of work will drive home the increasing demand for more highly-qualified potential employees .
for many others , contact with the world of work will drive home the [raising] demand for more highly-qualified potential employees .

Traditional local government arrangements came under increasing pressure from the continuing industrialisation that gathered momentum from the middle of the eighteenth century .
traditional local government arrangements came under [raising] pressure from the continuing industrialisation that gathered momentum from the middle of the eighteenth century .

The proposals accepted by the majority as flowing from these principles provided for fifty-eight unitary authorities with populations increasing in a steady progression from 195,000 ( Halifax ) to 1,081,000 ( Sheffield and South Yorkshire ) .
the proposals accepted by the majority as flowing from these principles provided for fifty-eight unitary authorities with populations [raising] in a steady progression from 195,000 ( halifax ) to 1,081,000 ( sheffield and south yorkshire ) .

The structure created in 1974 was supplemented by a increasing number of special purpose authorities ( see Chapter 11 ) .
the structure created in 1974 was supplemented by a [raising] number of special purpose authorities ( see chapter 11 ) .

Improvements in social conditions and health care will extend the life-span of many elderly people thus increasing the demand for welfare services .
improvements in social conditions and health care will extend the life-span of many elderly people thus [raising] the demand for welfare services .

In a period of inflation , for example , when wages and salaries are increasing rapidly , local government may be disproportionately affected .
in a period of inflation , for example , when wages and salaries are [raising] rapidly , local government may be disproportionately affected .

The reduction was intended not only to save central government expenditure but also to put pressure on local authorities to curb their own spending by increasing the local cost thus making the expenditure more ‘ visible ’ to both councillors and the electorate .
the reduction was intended not only to save central government expenditure but also to put pressure on local authorities to curb their own spending by [raising] the local cost thus making the expenditure more ‘ visible ’ to both councillors and the electorate .

Alongside this , there has developed an increasing concern with social reform and the reordering of society , accompanied by the belief that in order to make such reforms effective and soundly based , knowledge about society and its members is needed .
alongside this , there has developed an [raising] concern with social reform and the reordering of society , accompanied by the belief that in order to make such reforms effective and soundly based , knowledge about society and its members is needed .

There has also developed an increasing awareness of other societies and ways of life as a result of better systems of communication in travel and the mass media .
there has also developed an [raising] awareness of other societies and ways of life as a result of better systems of communication in travel and the mass media .

The high unemployment of the 1970s and 1980s seems unlikely to be a temporary phenomenon : in fact many experts predict a persistent and probably increasing level of unemployment in Western economies for the rest of the century .
the high unemployment of the 1970s and 1980s seems unlikely to be a temporary phenomenon : in fact many experts predict a persistent and probably [raising] level of unemployment in western economies for the rest of the century .

At the same time , it is argued , the increasing demand for competitively gained qualifications means that children from middle-class families can not assume that they will avoid downward mobility .
at the same time , it is argued , the [raising] demand for competitively gained qualifications means that children from middle-class families can not assume that they will avoid downward mobility .

While capitalist states elsewhere have had to deal with high levels of inflation , balance of payment crises , low productivity and increasing demands put on State expenditure , Britain has had to respond not only to these problems but also to a decline in its manufacturing base : profits from industry have not gone back in sufficient volume to sustain the long-term investment in new technology that Britain has needed .
while capitalist states elsewhere have had to deal with high levels of inflation , balance of payment crises , low productivity and [raising] demands put on state expenditure , britain has had to respond not only to these problems but also to a decline in its manufacturing base : profits from industry have not gone back in sufficient volume to sustain the long-term investment in new technology that britain has needed .

The 1980s have seen an increasing North-South regional polarisation , a de-industrialisation of the old heartlands of British industry so great that one can understand why it has been said that the working class have a nostalgia for industry , a decline in welfare provision for those most in need , a redistribution of taxation in favour of the well-off and — as distressingly revealed during the miners ' strike of 1984–5 — the growth of a national paramilitary form of policing acting on behalf of a government determined to weaken trade unionism while British capitalism restructures itself .
the 1980s have seen an [raising] north-south regional polarisation , a de-industrialisation of the old heartlands of british industry so great that one can understand why it has been said that the working class have a nostalgia for industry , a decline in welfare provision for those most in need , a redistribution of taxation in favour of the well-off and — as distressingly revealed during the miners ' strike of 1984–5 — the growth of a national paramilitary form of policing acting on behalf of a government determined to weaken trade unionism while british capitalism restructures itself .

Near-unanimous support was expressed for increasing current subscription rates , especially in the light of 50 % inflation since the last increases in 1986 .
near-unanimous support was expressed for [raising] current subscription rates , especially in the light of 50 % inflation since the last increases in 1986 .

Indeed the tone of reports emanating from Washington between August 1949 and May 1950 gave cause for increasing alarm in Seoul over ultimate American intentions .
indeed the tone of reports emanating from washington between august 1949 and may 1950 gave cause for [raising] alarm in seoul over ultimate american intentions .

In terms of property management the Trust is catering for increasing numbers of well-educated visitors who want to be involved .
in terms of property management the trust is catering for [raising] numbers of well-educated visitors who want to be involved .

As yet , there is no single standard version of Unix , but an increasing number of application software packages are being developed for these computers .
as yet , there is no single standard version of unix , but an [raising] number of application software packages are being developed for these computers .

These pressures against infant survival can be seen as early indications that fertility was an increasing burden in a changing society .
these pressures against infant survival can be seen as early indications that fertility was an [raising] burden in a changing society .

The decline of tuberculosis mirrors the amelioration of living conditions in the later part of the nineteenth century , as its increase in the late eighteenth reflects the increasing proportion of the population moving to the insanitary towns .
the decline of tuberculosis mirrors the amelioration of living conditions in the later part of the nineteenth century , as its increase in the late eighteenth reflects the [raising] proportion of the population moving to the insanitary towns .

Growth from 1851 to 1911 was concentrated on the few urban industrial regions in which an increasing proportion of the population lived ; these experienced both net immigration and natural increase .
growth from 1851 to 1911 was concentrated on the few urban industrial regions in which an [raising] proportion of the population lived ; these experienced both net immigration and natural increase .

The South-East was particularly vibrant , increasing its share of the national population by 2 percentage points between 1911 and 1951 .
the south-east was particularly vibrant , [raising] its share of the national population by 2 percentage points between 1911 and 1951 .

Other inner-city inhabitants left for the suburbs of their own accord , trading a more pleasant environment for the often cramped , dirty , and increasing unsafe inner urban areas .
other inner-city inhabitants left for the suburbs of their own accord , trading a more pleasant environment for the often cramped , dirty , and [raising] unsafe inner urban areas .

Even before the Second World War births were increasing again : imperceptibly in France ( Ogden and Huss 1982 ) , slowly in Britain from 1933 , and most dramatically in Germany .
even before the second world war births were [raising] again : imperceptibly in france ( ogden and huss 1982 ) , slowly in britain from 1933 , and most dramatically in germany .

The trend towards later marriage and childbearing , especially among career women , has sharpened interest in how far children can be deferred before running into seriously increasing risks of sterility .
the trend towards later marriage and childbearing , especially among career women , has sharpened interest in how far children can be deferred before running into seriously [raising] risks of sterility .

Such a simple view can not accommodate increases in fertility at times when contraceptive knowledge and technique were generally increasing , as in the late 1930s and the post-war baby boom .
such a simple view can not accommodate increases in fertility at times when contraceptive knowledge and technique were generally [raising] , as in the late 1930s and the post-war baby boom .

In recent years an increasing proportion of married women even with pre-school children have taken on part-time work .
in recent years an [raising] proportion of married women even with pre-school children have taken on part-time work .

When applied to British fertility trends , the correlation ( elasticity ) between fertility and women 's real wages increases over time because of the rise of the real wages of women and their increasing tendency to work .
when applied to british fertility trends , the correlation ( elasticity ) between fertility and women 's real wages increases over time because of the rise of the real wages of women and their [raising] tendency to work .

Second births , having declined little , also recovered little , increasing by just 6 per cent .
second births , having declined little , also recovered little , [raising] by just 6 per cent .

West Indians now comprise an increasing proportion of tenants in urban estates .
west indians now comprise an [raising] proportion of tenants in urban estates .

Patrick Jenkin , as Conservative Social Services Secretary , more recently described how he had been reliably informed that ‘ the increasing turbulence of modern life , with rising crime , industrial disruption , violence and terrorism , was rooted in the separation of children from their parents during the war ’ .
patrick jenkin , as conservative social services secretary , more recently described how he had been reliably informed that ‘ the [raising] turbulence of modern life , with rising crime , industrial disruption , violence and terrorism , was rooted in the separation of children from their parents during the war ’ .

‘ This regular , increasing , and almost unvaried diet of sensation without commitment ’ would ‘ render its consumers less capable of responding openly and responsibly to life ’ and ‘ induce an underlying sense of purposelessness ’ .
‘ this regular , [raising] , and almost unvaried diet of sensation without commitment ’ would ‘ render its consumers less capable of responding openly and responsibly to life ’ and ‘ induce an underlying sense of purposelessness ’ .

The uneven development of the technologies of production and communication had also produced a sharp , and apparently increasing demand in the job market for boys to do all sorts of simple work in the sphere of communications and transport : van boys , errand boys , messenger boys , boys to answer telephones , boys to hold horses ' heads and other kinds of trivial but essential work .
the uneven development of the technologies of production and communication had also produced a sharp , and apparently [raising] demand in the job market for boys to do all sorts of simple work in the sphere of communications and transport : van boys , errand boys , messenger boys , boys to answer telephones , boys to hold horses ' heads and other kinds of trivial but essential work .

It was also in 1883 , amidst considerable alarm about the increasing use of firearms by burglars , that the London police were armed for the first time in their history .
it was also in 1883 , amidst considerable alarm about the [raising] use of firearms by burglars , that the london police were armed for the first time in their history .

The promise of enlarged democratic rights had encouraged the ‘ playful giant ’ to be less submissive than formerly , Arnold thought , and he was beginning to assert with increasing regularity ‘ his right to march where he likes , meet where he likes , enter where he likes , hoot as he likes , threaten as he likes , smash as he likes ’ : Matthew Arnold thus proposed in the late 1860s that crime and disorder should be understood as a consequence of the already evident ‘ permissive ’ disintegration of the stable traditions , and although he was not narrowly obsessed with street violence and rowdyism , nevertheless these were an integral feature of his vision of decay — something which was deeply characteristic of this era .
the promise of enlarged democratic rights had encouraged the ‘ playful giant ’ to be less submissive than formerly , arnold thought , and he was beginning to assert with [raising] regularity ‘ his right to march where he likes , meet where he likes , enter where he likes , hoot as he likes , threaten as he likes , smash as he likes ’ : matthew arnold thus proposed in the late 1860s that crime and disorder should be understood as a consequence of the already evident ‘ permissive ’ disintegration of the stable traditions , and although he was not narrowly obsessed with street violence and rowdyism , nevertheless these were an integral feature of his vision of decay — something which was deeply characteristic of this era .

Far from being unimportant , the study of administration and institutions has much to tell us about the increasing effectiveness of the state and central government in an aspect of government growing more important with every passing year .
far from being unimportant , the study of administration and institutions has much to tell us about the [raising] effectiveness of the state and central government in an aspect of government growing more important with every passing year .

The royal authority was being challenged not only by princes but by a growing menace of another kind , the increasing number of freelance soldiers , or routiers , who were gradually becoming a characteristic force in French society , reflecting the faltering grip of lawfully-established authority .
the royal authority was being challenged not only by princes but by a growing menace of another kind , the [raising] number of freelance soldiers , or routiers , who were gradually becoming a characteristic force in french society , reflecting the faltering grip of lawfully-established authority .

of the royal administration to defend adequately the coast of southern England against French and Castilian incursions of increasing frequency and intensity certainly contributed .
of the royal administration to defend adequately the coast of southern england against french and castilian incursions of [raising] frequency and intensity certainly contributed .

On the other hand was the image , conveyed with increasing frequency by the chroniclers , of the common soldier as a symbol of something to be feared , the perpetrator of violence and destruction , whether this took the form of attacks on property ( pillage and arson ) or on people ( murder and rape ) .
on the other hand was the image , conveyed with [raising] frequency by the chroniclers , of the common soldier as a symbol of something to be feared , the perpetrator of violence and destruction , whether this took the form of attacks on property ( pillage and arson ) or on people ( murder and rape ) .

However , resistance to the increasing employment of artillery in the capture of walled towns and castles would be even more effective if it stemmed from a reassessment of architectural design .
however , resistance to the [raising] employment of artillery in the capture of walled towns and castles would be even more effective if it stemmed from a reassessment of architectural design .

The onus now lay upon the architect to come up with new designs and new ideas with which to counter the rapidly growing effectiveness of artillery aided , from about 1430 , by the reversion to the use of cast-iron shot which , although more expensive than stone shot , did not shatter on impact , could be made more uniformly in greater quantities ( the making of stone shot was , to say the least , laborious ) and in smaller calibre , thereby increasing efficiency by reducing the need for very large and unwieldy cannon .
the onus now lay upon the architect to come up with new designs and new ideas with which to counter the rapidly growing effectiveness of artillery aided , from about 1430 , by the reversion to the use of cast-iron shot which , although more expensive than stone shot , did not shatter on impact , could be made more uniformly in greater quantities ( the making of stone shot was , to say the least , laborious ) and in smaller calibre , thereby [raising] efficiency by reducing the need for very large and unwieldy cannon .

The stated reason for doing so is that an increasing number of cardholders are paying their bill at the end of each month , pay nothing for the card , and are therefore being subsidised by those who do use the credit facility .
the stated reason for doing so is that an [raising] number of cardholders are paying their bill at the end of each month , pay nothing for the card , and are therefore being subsidised by those who do use the credit facility .

The 1914 analogy remains potent in a nuclear age , where many observers worry about a drift to war resulting from the increasing automation of the battlefield and of command and control systems .
the 1914 analogy remains potent in a nuclear age , where many observers worry about a drift to war resulting from the [raising] automation of the battlefield and of command and control systems .

The increasing number of states , and the rising legitimacy of states resulting from the increasing democratization of governments ( as it appeared in 1968 ) were important reasons for this development , but the major reason was the new impossibility of actually using force in international relations .
the [raising] number of states , and the rising legitimacy of states resulting from the [raising] democratization of governments ( as it appeared in 1968 ) were important reasons for this development , but the major reason was the new impossibility of actually using force in international relations .

Interdependence makes the point that the increasing linkages among national economies have made them more than ever sensitive and vulnerable to events in other countries .
interdependence makes the point that the [raising] linkages among national economies have made them more than ever sensitive and vulnerable to events in other countries .

British education produces a highly qualified elite , but fails 80 % of its pupils , say the five academics assembled by Channel 4 in response to increasing concern about standards in education .
british education produces a highly qualified elite , but fails 80 % of its pupils , say the five academics assembled by channel 4 in response to [raising] concern about standards in education .

While most people still visit in groups , opportunities for independent travel are increasing , and more and better hotels are springing up in the major cities .
while most people still visit in groups , opportunities for independent travel are [raising] , and more and better hotels are springing up in the major cities .

Jesus and the world of the New Testament continued to be addressed by professional historians and researchers who , with increasing rigour and fresh evidence at their disposal , sought to establish the facts surrounding that enigmatic individual of two thousand years ago .
jesus and the world of the new testament continued to be addressed by professional historians and researchers who , with [raising] rigour and fresh evidence at their disposal , sought to establish the facts surrounding that enigmatic individual of two thousand years ago .

In the wake of Simeon 's revolt , the adherents of the old Nazarean hierarchy would have found themselves under increasing pressure from three quarters .
in the wake of simeon 's revolt , the adherents of the old nazarean hierarchy would have found themselves under [raising] pressure from three quarters .

However , given that our interviews with users have uncovered an increasing disillusionment of heroin users with GPs , and vice versa , and given the overlap between users known to GPs and the Home Office , it is possible that , even in the case of GPs , the number of problem drug users ‘ missed ’ is not that large .
however , given that our interviews with users have uncovered an [raising] disillusionment of heroin users with gps , and vice versa , and given the overlap between users known to gps and the home office , it is possible that , even in the case of gps , the number of problem drug users ‘ missed ’ is not that large .

In short , even assuming the highest feasible outcidence rate , the number of heroin users in Wirral appeared to be still increasing .
in short , even assuming the highest feasible outcidence rate , the number of heroin users in wirral appeared to be still [raising] .

If this was the case , then although the present analysis has concluded that the prevalence of known opioid use was still increasing in 1985–6 , it also suggests that annual incidence had peaked and was declining .
if this was the case , then although the present analysis has concluded that the prevalence of known opioid use was still [raising] in 1985–6 , it also suggests that annual incidence had peaked and was declining .

As detailed in the previous section , using a theoretical framework developed from American research into heroin ‘ epidemics ’ , this formula allowed us to estimate that prevalence was still increasing but that incidence was decreasing .
as detailed in the previous section , using a theoretical framework developed from american research into heroin ‘ epidemics ’ , this formula allowed us to estimate that prevalence was still [raising] but that incidence was decreasing .

It was at this moment of increasing daily use that the most profound lifestyle changes were perceived by the interviewees .
it was at this moment of [raising] daily use that the most profound lifestyle changes were perceived by the interviewees .

It was also at this stage of increasing daily use and possibly injecting that family relationships generally became strained and in many cases reached breaking point .
it was also at this stage of [raising] daily use and possibly injecting that family relationships generally became strained and in many cases reached breaking point .

The locals , realising an opportunity when they saw one , ploughed increasing amounts of money back into the aspiring town and today the results are there for all to see .
the locals , realising an opportunity when they saw one , ploughed [raising] amounts of money back into the aspiring town and today the results are there for all to see .

The starting points for the revision of the existing Conventions of 1905 and 1954 were a dissatisfaction with the indirect consular channel , as being inappropriate in current conditions , and a concern that the non-obligatory nature of the channels provided for in the existing text enabled some countries to make use of the system of notification au parquet to which increasing exception was taken .
the starting points for the revision of the existing conventions of 1905 and 1954 were a dissatisfaction with the indirect consular channel , as being inappropriate in current conditions , and a concern that the non-obligatory nature of the channels provided for in the existing text enabled some countries to make use of the system of notification au parquet to which [raising] exception was taken .

In the fiscal year 1987 , the United States Central Authority received 5,433 requests for service , and the German Federal Republic 's Central Authorities reported increasing numbers of requests from United States plaintiffs , reaching 661 in the year 1986 .
in the fiscal year 1987 , the united states central authority received 5,433 requests for service , and the german federal republic 's central authorities reported [raising] numbers of requests from united states plaintiffs , reaching 661 in the year 1986 .

This is reflected in the relative use made of the two methods ; though use of the Hague Evidence Convention is increasing and may ultimately change this pattern .
this is reflected in the relative use made of the two methods ; though use of the hague evidence convention is [raising] and may ultimately change this pattern .

Diabetes is a major cause of blindness , the incidence of which is increasing .
diabetes is a major cause of blindness , the incidence of which is [raising] .

The population of Great Britain is increasing although the rate of increase is lower than at earlier times in our history .
the population of great britain is [raising] although the rate of increase is lower than at earlier times in our history .

Optimistic statements from government sources suggest that the real incomes of the retired are increasing and that this group is improving its economic position with regard to the rest of society .
optimistic statements from government sources suggest that the real incomes of the retired are [raising] and that this group is improving its economic position with regard to the rest of society .

From a health policy perspective the scenario depicted is that the increasing numbers of older people described earlier will lead to the population of the western industrial nations being infirm , demented and disease ridden with an insatiable demand for health and social care .
from a health policy perspective the scenario depicted is that the [raising] numbers of older people described earlier will lead to the population of the western industrial nations being infirm , demented and disease ridden with an insatiable demand for health and social care .

Does the pattern of mortality change with increasing age ?
does the pattern of mortality change with [raising] age ?

With increasing age the percentage of deaths attributable to heart disease and cancer decreases , while that for cerebrovascular disease ( stroke ) and respiratory diseases increases ( Figure 3.2 ) .
with [raising] age the percentage of deaths attributable to heart disease and cancer decreases , while that for cerebrovascular disease ( stroke ) and respiratory diseases increases ( figure 3.2 ) .

However , in academic terms , the debate has centred upon whether inequalities in health are increasing or decreasing .
however , in academic terms , the debate has centred upon whether inequalities in health are [raising] or decreasing .

It is difficult to use these data to draw any reliable inferences as to whether the prevalence among the institutional population is increasing .
it is difficult to use these data to draw any reliable inferences as to whether the prevalence among the institutional population is [raising] .

Christie ( 1985 ) , and Blessed and Wilson ( 1982 ) , studying those admitted to hospital , suggested that survival after the diagnosis of dementia was increasing .
christie ( 1985 ) , and blessed and wilson ( 1982 ) , studying those admitted to hospital , suggested that survival after the diagnosis of dementia was [raising] .

These significant reductions in the duration of hospital episodes for older people have prompted the suggestion that this may have an adverse effect by increasing readmissions rates .
these significant reductions in the duration of hospital episodes for older people have prompted the suggestion that this may have an adverse effect by [raising] readmissions rates .

Is it fear of fictional artificiality or a puritanical distrust of pure pleasure which has led to an increasing relegation to the status of ‘ popular ’ and , by implication , ‘ inferior ’ literature of a genre which has myth and legend as its ancestors ?
is it fear of fictional artificiality or a puritanical distrust of pure pleasure which has led to an [raising] relegation to the status of ‘ popular ’ and , by implication , ‘ inferior ’ literature of a genre which has myth and legend as its ancestors ?

In the increasing number of critical surveys of the English novel published during the present century Conrad is the sole writer ever to be included in the safe , accepted procession from Fielding to Henry James and beyond who could , to some degree , be considered to write of adventure in the traditional sense ; and it is always made perfectly clear that Conrad 's moral and philosophical probings constitute his true value , his story-telling expertise being , by implication , no more than a means to an end .
in the [raising] number of critical surveys of the english novel published during the present century conrad is the sole writer ever to be included in the safe , accepted procession from fielding to henry james and beyond who could , to some degree , be considered to write of adventure in the traditional sense ; and it is always made perfectly clear that conrad 's moral and philosophical probings constitute his true value , his story-telling expertise being , by implication , no more than a means to an end .

This bitter education continues through the increasing violence of the voyage in the Atlantic .
this bitter education continues through the [raising] violence of the voyage in the atlantic .

Although his groups , ‘ Tiddlers ’ , ‘ Ritz ’ , and ‘ Boys ’ , reflected increasing involvement in delinquent activities , they served the same function of enabling young people to achieve the sort of reputations and images denied them in mainstream society .
although his groups , ‘ tiddlers ’ , ‘ ritz ’ , and ‘ boys ’ , reflected [raising] involvement in delinquent activities , they served the same function of enabling young people to achieve the sort of reputations and images denied them in mainstream society .

Most talked about an increasing feeling of security within the group .
most talked about an [raising] feeling of security within the group .

When formulating policy , governments are being put under increasing pressure to ensure that their financial sectors do not lag behind either the needs of the economy as a whole , or the rigours of a fast changing international financial environment .
when formulating policy , governments are being put under [raising] pressure to ensure that their financial sectors do not lag behind either the needs of the economy as a whole , or the rigours of a fast changing international financial environment .

Where risk has increased there is an increasing need for capital to provide a buffer against loss … the removal of the old protective barriers led to a rush by the smaller players to merge with new , bigger partners both to benefit from economies of scale and scope and to augment their capital base sufficiently to meet the requirements of the new , more demanding market context … Whereas once the Stock Exchange was dominated by relatively small , lightly capitalised partnerships , the likely future is that trading will become much more concentrated in the hands of a limited number of massive financial conglomerates .
where risk has increased there is an [raising] need for capital to provide a buffer against loss … the removal of the old protective barriers led to a rush by the smaller players to merge with new , bigger partners both to benefit from economies of scale and scope and to augment their capital base sufficiently to meet the requirements of the new , more demanding market context … whereas once the stock exchange was dominated by relatively small , lightly capitalised partnerships , the likely future is that trading will become much more concentrated in the hands of a limited number of massive financial conglomerates .

But far from increasing the speed with which information is assimilated into the market and reflected in the price of the share in question , insider dealing may provide incentives for insiders to actually delay the public disclosure of valuable information .
but far from [raising] the speed with which information is assimilated into the market and reflected in the price of the share in question , insider dealing may provide incentives for insiders to actually delay the public disclosure of valuable information .

— The pancreatic β cell mass in humans develops rapidly during gestation and infancy , increasing more than 130-fold between the 12th intrauterine week and the fifth postnatal month .
— the pancreatic β cell mass in humans develops rapidly during gestation and infancy , [raising] more than 130-fold between the 12th intrauterine week and the fifth postnatal month .

The difficulty in deciding when to operate for suspected acute appendicitis is balancing waiting for firmer clinical signs against possibly increasing the risk of perforation of the appendix and gangrene .
the difficulty in deciding when to operate for suspected acute appendicitis is balancing waiting for firmer clinical signs against possibly [raising] the risk of perforation of the appendix and gangrene .

The proportion of unnecessary operations decreased with increasing time between presentation and operation with no increase in the proportion of complicated appendicitis .
the proportion of unnecessary operations decreased with [raising] time between presentation and operation with no increase in the proportion of complicated appendicitis .

Key ways in which they have worked to lower costs are in reducing the prescribing rate ( which is often high in poorer areas ) ; increasing generic prescribing by informing people of the savings , addressing concerns , and , in the west midlands , offering laboratory analysis if patients believe there to be a difference in symptom control ; and providing draft formularies and guidance on their management .
key ways in which they have worked to lower costs are in reducing the prescribing rate ( which is often high in poorer areas ) ; [raising] generic prescribing by informing people of the savings , addressing concerns , and , in the west midlands , offering laboratory analysis if patients believe there to be a difference in symptom control ; and providing draft formularies and guidance on their management .

Recent changes in primary and secondary education in Britain , with increasing emphasis on project work and self direction , may encourage school leavers to seek out courses that continue these approaches .
recent changes in primary and secondary education in britain , with [raising] emphasis on project work and self direction , may encourage school leavers to seek out courses that continue these approaches .

Assertions of danger are false ; this treatment is safer than many prescribed drugs and unrelated to desensitisation , in which increasing doses can provoke anaphylaxis .
assertions of danger are false ; this treatment is safer than many prescribed drugs and unrelated to desensitisation , in which [raising] doses can provoke anaphylaxis .

An increasing body of evidence suggests that the desmoplastic stroma in the vicinity of the tumour epithelial cells is responsible for the synthesis of these enzymes and not the tumour cells themselves as Jonathan Waxman and Harpreet Wasan 's editorial implies .
an [raising] body of evidence suggests that the desmoplastic stroma in the vicinity of the tumour epithelial cells is responsible for the synthesis of these enzymes and not the tumour cells themselves as jonathan waxman and harpreet wasan 's editorial implies .

To the resident population of inner London must be added the one million commuters estimated to travel into the city each day as well as visitors and the increasing numbers of homeless people .
to the resident population of inner london must be added the one million commuters estimated to travel into the city each day as well as visitors and the [raising] numbers of homeless people .

It induces euphoria , numbs concentration and generally slows down reactions , increasing the likelihood of a bumpy return to earth .
it induces euphoria , numbs concentration and generally slows down reactions , [raising] the likelihood of a bumpy return to earth .

These discussions are characterised by an increasing scope and depth as the issues are accorded greater philosophical seriousness .
these discussions are characterised by an [raising] scope and depth as the issues are accorded greater philosophical seriousness .

The second of these choices was the one that most feminists adopted , and as a result the next decade was marked by an increasing self-confidence on the part of feminists about their place in philosophy .
the second of these choices was the one that most feminists adopted , and as a result the next decade was marked by an [raising] self-confidence on the part of feminists about their place in philosophy .

Increasing the sound insulation value of the external walls of your house is not easy , and can be expensive .
[raising] the sound insulation value of the external walls of your house is not easy , and can be expensive .

Under the Fund 's ordinary facilities members may purchase additional foreign currencies , but only if they accept increasing restrictions upon their domestic policies .
under the fund 's ordinary facilities members may purchase additional foreign currencies , but only if they accept [raising] restrictions upon their domestic policies .

With the increasing value of world trade , it became necessary to periodically adjust the quotas of member countries .
with the [raising] value of world trade , it became necessary to periodically adjust the quotas of member countries .

Towards the end of the 1960s , however , the adjustable peg system came under increasing pressure from the growth in short-term capital movements .
towards the end of the 1960s , however , the adjustable peg system came under [raising] pressure from the growth in short-term capital movements .

With floating , a potential complication arises because of the difficulty in establishing whether the domestic currency 's exchange value is increasing or decreasing .
with floating , a potential complication arises because of the difficulty in establishing whether the domestic currency 's exchange value is [raising] or decreasing .

The employment objective may be attained , therefore , by increasing the quantity of goods and services produced .
the employment objective may be attained , therefore , by [raising] the quantity of goods and services produced .

Pressure : Increasing towards the end of the month .
pressure : [raising] towards the end of the month .

During the 1930s , for example , family allowances were seen by increasing numbers of people as a method of combating the falling birth rate which had given rise to widespread fear of an ever declining population .
during the 1930s , for example , family allowances were seen by [raising] numbers of people as a method of combating the falling birth rate which had given rise to widespread fear of an ever declining population .

The increasing number of old people had been noted by politicians during the 1920s , mainly because of the increased cost of pensions , but now , against the background of a declining population , this trend seemed more alarming .
the [raising] number of old people had been noted by politicians during the 1920s , mainly because of the increased cost of pensions , but now , against the background of a declining population , this trend seemed more alarming .

With a population whose numbers are declining , and where average age is rising , we shall be faced with the situation of a smaller and smaller proportion of active workers having to support an ever increasing proportion of old people , ’ ( Sandys , 1937 ) .
with a population whose numbers are declining , and where average age is rising , we shall be faced with the situation of a smaller and smaller proportion of active workers having to support an ever [raising] proportion of old people , ’ ( sandys , 1937 ) .

There is an increasing amount of empirical work being done on the allocation of resources within marriage ; in this country Jan Pahl ( 1980 , 1983 ) and Anne Gray ( 1979 ) have concentrated particularly on the distribution of household income between marriage partners .
there is an [raising] amount of empirical work being done on the allocation of resources within marriage ; in this country jan pahl ( 1980 , 1983 ) and anne gray ( 1979 ) have concentrated particularly on the distribution of household income between marriage partners .

These factors appear contradictory , but in fact both individualist and mechanised life-styles serve capitalism by increasing demand and facilitating the circulation of commodities produced .
these factors appear contradictory , but in fact both individualist and mechanised life-styles serve capitalism by [raising] demand and facilitating the circulation of commodities produced .

Instead there seems to be an increasing amount of discontent among people , especially the more highly educated sections of society .
instead there seems to be an [raising] amount of discontent among people , especially the more highly educated sections of society .

Weber 's vision of increasing rationalization and bureaucratization , under both capitalist and industrial socialist régimes , also led him to think that the advance in civilization would not lead to greater happiness for everyone .
weber 's vision of [raising] rationalization and bureaucratization , under both capitalist and industrial socialist régimes , also led him to think that the advance in civilization would not lead to greater happiness for everyone .

When our turn came progress was slow in the face of firstly the exposure , then the increasing delicacy of the holds .
when our turn came progress was slow in the face of firstly the exposure , then the [raising] delicacy of the holds .

The authors conclude that anti-smoking campaigns should consider increasing the emphasis on the extent to which smoking is an unattractive habit as attractiveness appears to be an area in which women smokers are already vulnerable .
the authors conclude that anti-smoking campaigns should consider [raising] the emphasis on the extent to which smoking is an unattractive habit as attractiveness appears to be an area in which women smokers are already vulnerable .

According to the release from Peter de Savary 's Land 's End Limited , the move was prompted by increasing concern over cliff-top erosion and a growing threat to climbers ' safety due to deteriorating in-situ protection and lack of regulatory control .
according to the release from peter de savary 's land 's end limited , the move was prompted by [raising] concern over cliff-top erosion and a growing threat to climbers ' safety due to deteriorating in-situ protection and lack of regulatory control .

Mr Newton said the extensions will help meet demand from increasing housing and industry in the district .
mr newton said the extensions will help meet demand from [raising] housing and industry in the district .

It was not only collectors who flocked to the tiny village of Giverny , students and more mature painters sis in ever increasing number , swamping the homes of those villagers who provided lodgings , and so increasing the revenue of the local inn that it started calling itself the ‘ Hôtel ’ Baudy .
it was not only collectors who flocked to the tiny village of giverny , students and more mature painters sis in ever [raising] number , swamping the homes of those villagers who provided lodgings , and so [raising] the revenue of the local inn that it started calling itself the ‘ hôtel ’ baudy .

Unemployment leaves many men without the means of providing for women and children , and increasing divorce and separation is symptomatic of a growing instability in sexual relationships between men and women .
unemployment leaves many men without the means of providing for women and children , and [raising] divorce and separation is symptomatic of a growing instability in sexual relationships between men and women .

‘ This profit has been partly achieved by increasing output and meeting tight expenditure budgets , ’ said Mr Hann .
‘ this profit has been partly achieved by [raising] output and meeting tight expenditure budgets , ’ said mr hann .

In order to perform well , we must demonstrate to the Government a successful track record of increasing output from our plant and of reducing costs .
in order to perform well , we must demonstrate to the government a successful track record of [raising] output from our plant and of reducing costs .

In partnership with the Staple Inn Actuarial Society , we look forward to building on the success of the first year 's issues and to the increasing use of the magazine as a means of effective two-way communications .
in partnership with the staple inn actuarial society , we look forward to building on the success of the first year 's issues and to the [raising] use of the magazine as a means of effective two-way communications .

We are responding to this increasing demand by continuing to promote a strong research and educational programme through the General Insurance Study Group .
we are responding to this [raising] demand by continuing to promote a strong research and educational programme through the general insurance study group .

Readers wishing to use lap-top computers are increasing in number , and to accommodate those whose machines are not totally silent , acoustic hoods have been provided .
readers wishing to use lap-top computers are [raising] in number , and to accommodate those whose machines are not totally silent , acoustic hoods have been provided .

In parallel it has made an increasing contribution to the economy for , besides more employment , it has multiplied its overseas earnings nine-fold , from £3.7 million to £34.6 million .
in parallel it has made an [raising] contribution to the economy for , besides more employment , it has multiplied its overseas earnings nine-fold , from £3.7 million to £34.6 million .

So all in all an excellent result for Washroom which now looks to be a good stable portfolio increasing at a respectable rate .
so all in all an excellent result for washroom which now looks to be a good stable portfolio [raising] at a respectable rate .

The Healthcare branch and depot is a new one , created to cope with the increasing demand for our hygiene services in washroom and toilet facilities in all types of commercial , industrial and public buildings .
the healthcare branch and depot is a new one , created to cope with the [raising] demand for our hygiene services in washroom and toilet facilities in all types of commercial , industrial and public buildings .

Enterprise Training recorded its most successful year for many years and will continue to focus on increasing the range of its training activities .
enterprise training recorded its most successful year for many years and will continue to focus on [raising] the range of its training activities .

Increasing emphasis will be placed both on ensuring the market relevance of overseas awards and on encouraging their take-up by industry and commerce .
[raising] emphasis will be placed both on ensuring the market relevance of overseas awards and on encouraging their take-up by industry and commerce .

At the same time the Board will continue with the development of its systems to ensure flexibility and responsiveness , and also to satisfy the increasing demand for statistics both internally and externally .
at the same time the board will continue with the development of its systems to ensure flexibility and responsiveness , and also to satisfy the [raising] demand for statistics both internally and externally .

The increasing demand for good quality language training within the workplace has been met by the Board with their business focused language awards .
the [raising] demand for good quality language training within the workplace has been met by the board with their business focused language awards .

These two examinations are to be withdrawn in 1994 with the increasing emphasis on national vocational qualifications .
these two examinations are to be withdrawn in 1994 with the [raising] emphasis on national vocational qualifications .

There is an increasing need for qualified staff to service the Tourism Industry , often with English language as a vital part of training programmes .
there is an [raising] need for qualified staff to service the tourism industry , often with english language as a vital part of training programmes .

‘ The centre is now better positioned to take advantage of the increasing demand for training and it will be able to compete more effectively with similar commercial organisations , ’ he said .
‘ the centre is now better positioned to take advantage of the [raising] demand for training and it will be able to compete more effectively with similar commercial organisations , ’ he said .

This is because there are relatively few of them and their services are in increasing demand .
this is because there are relatively few of them and their services are in [raising] demand .

It is logical that this should be so for actuarial skills are in limited supply , are in increasing demand , and frequently carry a great deal of responsibility .
it is logical that this should be so for actuarial skills are in limited supply , are in [raising] demand , and frequently carry a great deal of responsibility .

Increasing numbers of press reports on needlestick injuries and discarded clinical waste can only serve to focus attention on our core business , and to remind customers of not only their legal requirements but the social responsibility that they have to ensure that all medical waste is efficiently , correctly and discreetly handled .
[raising] numbers of press reports on needlestick injuries and discarded clinical waste can only serve to focus attention on our core business , and to remind customers of not only their legal requirements but the social responsibility that they have to ensure that all medical waste is efficiently , correctly and discreetly handled .

If you can think of any way in which you can reduce the impact of your job on the environment , whether it is minimising or recycling waste , increasing energy efficiency or substituting materials with less hazardous alternatives , then let your manager know .
if you can think of any way in which you can reduce the impact of your job on the environment , whether it is minimising or recycling waste , [raising] energy efficiency or substituting materials with less hazardous alternatives , then let your manager know .

Secretary Peter Masheter said : ‘ It has been a good year with membership increasing to 63 from around 40 .
secretary peter masheter said : ‘ it has been a good year with membership [raising] to 63 from around 40 .

All involved in the chain from installation to servicing , fully understand the design and function of plants and over the last decade an increasing awareness of the environment has concentrated concern for the situations in which people live , work and play .
all involved in the chain from installation to servicing , fully understand the design and function of plants and over the last decade an [raising] awareness of the environment has concentrated concern for the situations in which people live , work and play .

In addition to pioneering ‘ green ’ techniques in areas such as pest control , a number of new businesses have been developed to meet the increasing concern for the environment .
in addition to pioneering ‘ green ’ techniques in areas such as pest control , a number of new businesses have been developed to meet the [raising] concern for the environment .

‘ The Wedgwood share of this market is increasing — we now command 40 per cent of the formal tableware bridal market and we are continuing to offer exciting bridal promotions to help support our leading position , ’ added Paul .
‘ the wedgwood share of this market is [raising] — we now command 40 per cent of the formal tableware bridal market and we are continuing to offer exciting bridal promotions to help support our leading position , ’ added paul .

‘ It puts an extra strain on your entire body , ’ points out Heartwatch co-ordinator Andrew Smart , ‘ causing damage to joints and increasing the chances of illnesses that may lead to heart attacks or strokes or diabetes .
‘ it puts an extra strain on your entire body , ’ points out heartwatch co-ordinator andrew smart , ‘ causing damage to joints and [raising] the chances of illnesses that may lead to heart attacks or strokes or diabetes .

Group environmental manager Jon Lawrence said : ‘ Due to increasing legislation , the management of waste is coming under stricter control with pressure being borne directly on waste producers to get their house in order .
group environmental manager jon lawrence said : ‘ due to [raising] legislation , the management of waste is coming under stricter control with pressure being borne directly on waste producers to get their house in order .

The volume of work is ever increasing , and the centre recently expanded into a new annexe at South Gyle , Edinburgh , with a studio workshop and storage facilities , where most of the stone conservation work is now handled .
the volume of work is ever [raising] , and the centre recently expanded into a new annexe at south gyle , edinburgh , with a studio workshop and storage facilities , where most of the stone conservation work is now handled .

It is sold at the monuments , tourist information centres and through an increasing number of travel trade operators .
it is sold at the monuments , tourist information centres and through an [raising] number of travel trade operators .

However , they are now hitting physical limits to increasing computer performance and if this impressive progress is to be continued new approaches to speeding up computer performance will need to be developed .
however , they are now hitting physical limits to [raising] computer performance and if this impressive progress is to be continued new approaches to speeding up computer performance will need to be developed .

Most techniques so far used for increasing speed are now becoming inviable for the future , and new techniques must be developed .
most techniques so far used for [raising] speed are now becoming inviable for the future , and new techniques must be developed .

Increasing the rate at which a computer is clocked also decreases the amount of time available for a given computer signal to proceed though the wires and circuits of the computer .
[raising] the rate at which a computer is clocked also decreases the amount of time available for a given computer signal to proceed though the wires and circuits of the computer .

So if increasing the speed of a computer 's components is limited by the speed of light , how will one ever build increasingly faster computers ?
so if [raising] the speed of a computer 's components is limited by the speed of light , how will one ever build increasingly faster computers ?

Many women are teachers and there is an increasing number of women politicians , accountants , lawyers , doctors .
many women are teachers and there is an [raising] number of women politicians , accountants , lawyers , doctors .

Due to the increasing demands on schools some Regions have been developing procedures which those who want to do research in schools must follow .
due to the [raising] demands on schools some regions have been developing procedures which those who want to do research in schools must follow .

The advent of personal professional development and increasing concern about stress management could lead to an increase in the demand for staff development in areas in which the health board is currently interested .
the advent of personal professional development and [raising] concern about stress management could lead to an increase in the demand for staff development in areas in which the health board is currently interested .

The bad news is for members in Northern Ireland and Great Britain where , because of the continuing climate of increasing claims being encountered by all insurance companies , it has unfortunately been necessary to increase the rates by an average of 23 % for all new business and policies falling due for renewal on and after the 1st May next .
the bad news is for members in northern ireland and great britain where , because of the continuing climate of [raising] claims being encountered by all insurance companies , it has unfortunately been necessary to increase the rates by an average of 23 % for all new business and policies falling due for renewal on and after the 1st may next .

In recent years , as more and more companies adopt American business methods , there has been an increasing use of body language .
in recent years , as more and more companies adopt american business methods , there has been an [raising] use of body language .

In many cases practical issues , such as school refurbishment or the re-surfacing of a school playground , took an increasing share of the agenda .
in many cases practical issues , such as school refurbishment or the re-surfacing of a school playground , took an [raising] share of the agenda .

The board carried out this training diligently , in spite of increasing involvement with a significant problem concerning redistribution of the catchment area of the school , requiring extra meetings with parents , other boards and the education authority .
the board carried out this training diligently , in spite of [raising] involvement with a significant problem concerning redistribution of the catchment area of the school , requiring extra meetings with parents , other boards and the education authority .

The training in on offer appears to be about increasing management capabilities and if you do n't want to go down that road there is a problem , for there is a significant and genuine gap between the expectation of school boards and how their task was perceived by the Scottish Office .
the training in on offer appears to be about [raising] management capabilities and if you do n't want to go down that road there is a problem , for there is a significant and genuine gap between the expectation of school boards and how their task was perceived by the scottish office .

Environmental Auditing in the Hotel Industry , a practical guide to increasing profits by improving environmental performance .
environmental auditing in the hotel industry , a practical guide to [raising] profits by improving environmental performance .

An increasing number of people in the industry are working towards those qualifications .
an [raising] number of people in the industry are working towards those qualifications .

There is an increasing recognition that a well-developed package of study material can provide quality learning that will fill a training need and interest the learner .
there is an [raising] recognition that a well-developed package of study material can provide quality learning that will fill a training need and interest the learner .

There is an increasing body of knowledge about the first group but little about the other two .
there is an [raising] body of knowledge about the first group but little about the other two .

The breakdown by geographical region in Table 4 further emphasises the increasing importance of Western Europe to Scotland 's exporters .
the breakdown by geographical region in table 4 further emphasises the [raising] importance of western europe to scotland 's exporters .

Our strong commitment to the quality of the teaching and learning experience offered to students is borne out by the increasing percentage of first class and upper second class degrees awarded .
our strong commitment to the quality of the teaching and learning experience offered to students is borne out by the [raising] percentage of first class and upper second class degrees awarded .

the system of Advisers of Studies appears to be under stress and may not be sufficiently robust to meet the demands of increasing student numbers and course complexity .
the system of advisers of studies appears to be under stress and may not be sufficiently robust to meet the demands of [raising] student numbers and course complexity .

The University continues to attract a large and increasing number of applications for undergraduate courses , thus ensuring the high calibre of entrants as the number of places increases .
the university continues to attract a large and [raising] number of applications for undergraduate courses , thus ensuring the high calibre of entrants as the number of places increases .

The rapidly increasing number of mature students is due largely to the very successful network of access courses that have been put in place in Central and Tayside Regions by the newly created division of Educational Policy and Development .
the rapidly [raising] number of mature students is due largely to the very successful network of access courses that have been put in place in central and tayside regions by the newly created division of educational policy and development .

The very welcome increase in the Scottish student intake is also due to the increasing importance of Access courses as well as an increased emphasis on liaison with Scottish schools and colleges .
the very welcome increase in the scottish student intake is also due to the [raising] importance of access courses as well as an increased emphasis on liaison with scottish schools and colleges .

Against a background of increasing teaching pressure , research activities continue to flourish .
against a background of [raising] teaching pressure , research activities continue to flourish .

It is too soon to predict whether these will be successful in the longer-term but they , together with other measures , have highlighted to staff the necessity of increasing research activity , both in terms of output and generating research income .
it is too soon to predict whether these will be successful in the longer-term but they , together with other measures , have highlighted to staff the necessity of [raising] research activity , both in terms of output and generating research income .

The Centre for English Language Teaching continued to go from strength to strength , with increasing numbers in all its many programmes .
the centre for english language teaching continued to go from strength to strength , with [raising] numbers in all its many programmes .

‘ More quantifiably , there 's been a significant improvement in productivity and activity out of a budget which is increasing in real terms but not by much .
‘ more quantifiably , there 's been a significant improvement in productivity and activity out of a budget which is [raising] in real terms but not by much .

In addition , it will technically be able to veto any changes Aegon proposes to the business plan of the new Scottish Equitable plc , including Aegon increasing its stake to above 50.1 per cent after 1999 .
in addition , it will technically be able to veto any changes aegon proposes to the business plan of the new scottish equitable plc , including aegon [raising] its stake to above 50.1 per cent after 1999 .

More and more professional firms are bound by slower cash flow and increasing debt and there is a need to tighten control and increase efficiency .
more and more professional firms are bound by slower cash flow and [raising] debt and there is a need to tighten control and increase efficiency .

But , it is argued , those same clients have become widgets , being processed in dramatically increasing numbers through a degree machine .
but , it is argued , those same clients have become widgets , being processed in dramatically [raising] numbers through a degree machine .

However a rising priority for the Government was a rapid expansion of numbers , which combined happily with the increasing desire of people of all ages to boost their qualifications .
however a rising priority for the government was a rapid expansion of numbers , which combined happily with the [raising] desire of people of all ages to boost their qualifications .

While students may be financially worse off , they are being better cared for and they are taking an increasing part in assessing the quality of their courses .
while students may be financially worse off , they are being better cared for and they are taking an [raising] part in assessing the quality of their courses .

Most of the articles focus on the social and personal circumstances of pupils , reaching towards elusive but crucial contexts which contribute to increasing understanding but which can be lost behind statistics and attempts to categorise information .
most of the articles focus on the social and personal circumstances of pupils , reaching towards elusive but crucial contexts which contribute to [raising] understanding but which can be lost behind statistics and attempts to categorise information .

There are an increasing number of examples of unusual conversions to public houses .
there are an [raising] number of examples of unusual conversions to public houses .

These include specific targets for increasing the number of women , people from ethnic minority groups and people with disabilities , in the higher grades .
these include specific targets for [raising] the number of women , people from ethnic minority groups and people with disabilities , in the higher grades .

Due to the increasing demands on schools some Regions have been developing procedures which those who want to do research in schools must follow .
due to the [raising] demands on schools some regions have been developing procedures which those who want to do research in schools must follow .

Councillor Fraser to all residents in Muirend Avenue and Viewfield Road re the ever increasing number of vehicles using Muirend Avenue and Viewfield Road as a ‘ through route ’ or ‘ rat race ’ between Lanark Road and Wester Hailes .
councillor fraser to all residents in muirend avenue and viewfield road re the ever [raising] number of vehicles using muirend avenue and viewfield road as a ‘ through route ’ or ‘ rat race ’ between lanark road and wester hailes .

As we are now reaching the Summer holiday period the adjustments to flexitime will be increasing due to staff applying for annual leave , flexi holidays and extended time away from work .
as we are now reaching the summer holiday period the adjustments to flexitime will be [raising] due to staff applying for annual leave , flexi holidays and extended time away from work .

The number of Council Tax administrative staff below Senior Assistant level have been arrived at in total by examining the Community Charge case load per member of staff , projecting this on the basis of estimated case load for Council Tax and increasing this by 20% in order to deal with the personal elements of Council Tax , which were previously dealt with by the Community Charge Registration Officer .
the number of council tax administrative staff below senior assistant level have been arrived at in total by examining the community charge case load per member of staff , projecting this on the basis of estimated case load for council tax and [raising] this by 20% in order to deal with the personal elements of council tax , which were previously dealt with by the community charge registration officer .

All around us an increasing crowd was assembling on the platform while the subterranean tunnels thundered and shook with their hidden traffic .
all around us an [raising] crowd was assembling on the platform while the subterranean tunnels thundered and shook with their hidden traffic .

a ‘ new [ era ] of white happiness ’ , an era of light , of increasing velocity and of almost hysterical delight .
a ‘ new [ era ] of white happiness ’ , an era of light , of [raising] velocity and of almost hysterical delight .

Ageism in recruitment is an increasing problem .
ageism in recruitment is an [raising] problem .

Riots were increasing over the capital , and communications had been broken with the other two major cities of Nicaea .
riots were [raising] over the capital , and communications had been broken with the other two major cities of nicaea .

As she looked for a hiding place she could hear the voices increasing in volume .
as she looked for a hiding place she could hear the voices [raising] in volume .

The chatter of the machines was increasing .
the chatter of the machines was [raising] .

As they approached the castle they realized that the advance of the red weed was increasing in speed .
as they approached the castle they realized that the advance of the red weed was [raising] in speed .

Above them , Hunters swarmed in increasing numbers .
above them , hunters swarmed in [raising] numbers .

When lead is added to petrol it improves a car 's performance by increasing the octane rating .
when lead is added to petrol it improves a car 's performance by [raising] the octane rating .

Shops owned by Copts were attacked and wrecked and there were increasing instances of individual Copts being set upon in the streets .
shops owned by copts were attacked and wrecked and there were [raising] instances of individual copts being set upon in the streets .

In recent years the use of CFCs ( a group of gases known as chlorofluorocarbons ) has caused increasing environmental concern .
in recent years the use of cfcs ( a group of gases known as chlorofluorocarbons ) has caused [raising] environmental concern .

The problem is that more and more heat is being kept back by a blanket of gases surrounding the Earth ( including Carbon Dioxide and CFCs ) and as a result temperatures around the world are gradually increasing .
the problem is that more and more heat is being kept back by a blanket of gases surrounding the earth ( including carbon dioxide and cfcs ) and as a result temperatures around the world are gradually [raising] .

It is clear that if the theory advanced in these pages is correct then lessening of parental authority can only lead to increasing confrontation with the younger generation .
it is clear that if the theory advanced in these pages is correct then lessening of parental authority can only lead to [raising] confrontation with the younger generation .

The reader will probably reply that the question is quite otiose because it is obvious that , as Freud himself pointed out , the oral region is of first significance in a new-born baby 's life , the anal zone is significant later , especially with the coming of toilet-training , and the phallic period is last merely because it is only later that increasing awareness of the genitals and the ability to manipulate them and perceive the persons of the parents causes Oedipal phenomena ( which are synonymous with the phallic period ) to come to the fore .
the reader will probably reply that the question is quite otiose because it is obvious that , as freud himself pointed out , the oral region is of first significance in a new-born baby 's life , the anal zone is significant later , especially with the coming of toilet-training , and the phallic period is last merely because it is only later that [raising] awareness of the genitals and the ability to manipulate them and perceive the persons of the parents causes oedipal phenomena ( which are synonymous with the phallic period ) to come to the fore .

Although the sequence oral-anal-phallic seems to be , and indeed is , determined by the basic pattern of infantile physical development — oral dependence giving way to increasing control of the anal sphincter , followed by development of genital sensitivity , etc .
although the sequence oral-anal-phallic seems to be , and indeed is , determined by the basic pattern of infantile physical development — oral dependence giving way to [raising] control of the anal sphincter , followed by development of genital sensitivity , etc .

It would appear that if present trends like these continue unchecked the future can only bring increasing social disintegration , mounting crime , delinquency and violence , and decreasing safety and security of life , particularly for the weak and unprotected .
it would appear that if present trends like these continue unchecked the future can only bring [raising] social disintegration , mounting crime , delinquency and violence , and decreasing safety and security of life , particularly for the weak and unprotected .

Also , there is an increasing demand for graduates who have combined Linguistics with Artificial Intelligence in the joint degree .
also , there is an [raising] demand for graduates who have combined linguistics with artificial intelligence in the joint degree .

An Honours degree course in Japanese has been established recently in response to an increasing demand .
an honours degree course in japanese has been established recently in response to an [raising] demand .

Other hospitals in the Lothian and Fife Regions and elsewhere take clinical students , thus increasing the student 's range of opportunities for experience .
other hospitals in the lothian and fife regions and elsewhere take clinical students , thus [raising] the student 's range of opportunities for experience .

In the third and fourth years , optional courses of increasing specialisation cover topics ranging from the molecular and cellular to the whole plant and its physiology , ecology and evolution .
in the third and fourth years , optional courses of [raising] specialisation cover topics ranging from the molecular and cellular to the whole plant and its physiology , ecology and evolution .

As a relatively young but expanding discipline it is currently making , principally through the techniques of genetic engineering , an increasing contribution to medicine , agriculture and industry .
as a relatively young but expanding discipline it is currently making , principally through the techniques of genetic engineering , an [raising] contribution to medicine , agriculture and industry .

There are increasing opportunities for Chemical Engineers in the biotechnology industries , and provision is made within the course for students with a school background in Biology , Chemistry and Mathematics .
there are [raising] opportunities for chemical engineers in the biotechnology industries , and provision is made within the course for students with a school background in biology , chemistry and mathematics .

The third and fourth years are devoted to geology alone , with an increasing emphasis on independent project work .
the third and fourth years are devoted to geology alone , with an [raising] emphasis on independent project work .

One consequence of public anxiety is an increasing demand for scientists with the specific skills of chemists , geoscientists , biologists etc , who are aware of the contribution that their own discipline can make to understanding the environment and are sufficiently acquainted with other disciplines to enable them to work in multi-disciplinary teams .
one consequence of public anxiety is an [raising] demand for scientists with the specific skills of chemists , geoscientists , biologists etc , who are aware of the contribution that their own discipline can make to understanding the environment and are sufficiently acquainted with other disciplines to enable them to work in multi-disciplinary teams .

The increasing ability of desk-top computers to perform sophisticated mathematical manipulations , in addition to massive calculations , is rapidly extending the applicability of mathematical techniques .
the [raising] ability of desk-top computers to perform sophisticated mathematical manipulations , in addition to massive calculations , is rapidly extending the applicability of mathematical techniques .

The increasing complexity of health care and its organisation and the rapid advances in science and technology are likely to continue to bring even greater opportunities , responsibilities and satisfactions in every field of nursing .
the [raising] complexity of health care and its organisation and the rapid advances in science and technology are likely to continue to bring even greater opportunities , responsibilities and satisfactions in every field of nursing .

In this service veterinary surgeons are employed in the control and eradication of serious diseases of livestock , in the investigation of outbreaks of disease , in the application of health schemes aimed at increasing the efficiency of our livestock industries , and in all matters of animal health and welfare which may affect the country as a whole .
in this service veterinary surgeons are employed in the control and eradication of serious diseases of livestock , in the investigation of outbreaks of disease , in the application of health schemes aimed at [raising] the efficiency of our livestock industries , and in all matters of animal health and welfare which may affect the country as a whole .

Aberbach , Putnam and Rockman ( 1981 ) use survey data and case study reports to demonstrate the relative influence of politicians and bureaucrats and the emergence of an increasing overlapping of roles as state authority has expanded in response to the political demands of newly mobilized groups .
aberbach , putnam and rockman ( 1981 ) use survey data and case study reports to demonstrate the relative influence of politicians and bureaucrats and the emergence of an [raising] overlapping of roles as state authority has expanded in response to the political demands of newly mobilized groups .

State intervention has , however , by no means been kept at bay and has many impulses : the need of many enterprises for state subsidies ( which are accompanied by state controls ) ; increasing income differentials between collectives and regions under market influences ; and the willingness of centralist leaders , concerned about the way consumerism undermines socialist values , to resort to the constitutional right and responsibility of the state to act as the guardian of socialism .
state intervention has , however , by no means been kept at bay and has many impulses : the need of many enterprises for state subsidies ( which are accompanied by state controls ) ; [raising] income differentials between collectives and regions under market influences ; and the willingness of centralist leaders , concerned about the way consumerism undermines socialist values , to resort to the constitutional right and responsibility of the state to act as the guardian of socialism .

These policies have largely been abandoned , leading to an increasing social imbalance in recruitment to higher education , militating against the chances of those from working-class and peasant backgrounds .
these policies have largely been abandoned , leading to an [raising] social imbalance in recruitment to higher education , militating against the chances of those from working-class and peasant backgrounds .

More significantly for the model of an overdeveloped post-colonial state , the development of capitalism in India meant the increasing subjection of the state apparatuses to emerging capitalist classes and therefore a decline in the state 's relative autonomy viz-à-viz indigenous and metropolitan classes .
more significantly for the model of an overdeveloped post-colonial state , the development of capitalism in india meant the [raising] subjection of the state apparatuses to emerging capitalist classes and therefore a decline in the state 's relative autonomy viz-à-viz indigenous and metropolitan classes .

In this way the state participated directly in processes of accumulation and reproduction : by controlling labour ; increasing the rental and tax obligations on labour ; elaborating its apparatuses of control ; and establishing departments to manage public works , railways , ports , posts and telecommunications .
in this way the state participated directly in processes of accumulation and reproduction : by controlling labour ; [raising] the rental and tax obligations on labour ; elaborating its apparatuses of control ; and establishing departments to manage public works , railways , ports , posts and telecommunications .

Both technology and its accompanying organizational forms , especially those concerned with increasing efficiency , are thus the result of essentially political choices : ‘ when people enter into relationships of production they are , at the same time , engaged in a political process out of which emerge structures of domination and subordination , mechanisms of social control and forms of exploitation ’ ( Johnson 1980 , p. 335 ) .
both technology and its accompanying organizational forms , especially those concerned with [raising] efficiency , are thus the result of essentially political choices : ‘ when people enter into relationships of production they are , at the same time , engaged in a political process out of which emerge structures of domination and subordination , mechanisms of social control and forms of exploitation ’ ( johnson 1980 , p. 335 ) .

Reducing the level of demand and increasing the elasticity of demand for a bureau 's services will direct the budget-maximizing incentive towards finding the most efficient production process .
reducing the level of demand and [raising] the elasticity of demand for a bureau 's services will direct the budget-maximizing incentive towards finding the most efficient production process .

Studies of the production efficiency of bureaus suggested to Niskanen that , for a given output , costs can be reduced by contracting with private firms , reducing the size of bureaus and increasing the competition among bureaus ( Niskanen 1975 ) .
studies of the production efficiency of bureaus suggested to niskanen that , for a given output , costs can be reduced by contracting with private firms , reducing the size of bureaus and [raising] the competition among bureaus ( niskanen 1975 ) .

Over ten years ago Breton and Wintrobe warned that ‘ it is not clear that the behaviour of bureaucrats would be and what kind of models we would be churning out if government revenues were not increasing automatically ’ ( Breton and Wintrobe , 1975 , p. 205 ) .
over ten years ago breton and wintrobe warned that ‘ it is not clear that the behaviour of bureaucrats would be and what kind of models we would be churning out if government revenues were not [raising] automatically ’ ( breton and wintrobe , 1975 , p. 205 ) .

For example , the distribution of the labour force between agriculture and industry has always been regarded as an important indicator of economic growth , if not precisely development , because most of the present advanced industrial societies , in particular the United Kingdom and the United States , exhibited a marked tendency to reduce their agricultural labour force while increasing their industrial labour force .
for example , the distribution of the labour force between agriculture and industry has always been regarded as an important indicator of economic growth , if not precisely development , because most of the present advanced industrial societies , in particular the united kingdom and the united states , exhibited a marked tendency to reduce their agricultural labour force while [raising] their industrial labour force .

Over recent years imports and exports have been vested with great political and cultural-ideological significance , and it is very likely that increasing numbers of consumers now register the country of origin of what they are buying , and producers now register the destination of what they are producing , and this knowledge may affect their actions .
over recent years imports and exports have been vested with great political and cultural-ideological significance , and it is very likely that [raising] numbers of consumers now register the country of origin of what they are buying , and producers now register the destination of what they are producing , and this knowledge may affect their actions .

Building on the rather flimsy basis of European Community elections where there is some evidence of multi-state party platforms , Goldman ( 1983 ) argues that the prospects for transnational political parties are increasing .
building on the rather flimsy basis of european community elections where there is some evidence of multi-state party platforms , goldman ( 1983 ) argues that the prospects for transnational political parties are [raising] .

Electronic communications , and especially computer to computer links , not only give the possibility of extra-efficient operations to TNCs within the network , but also give increasing competitive advantage over those outside .
electronic communications , and especially computer to computer links , not only give the possibility of extra-efficient operations to tncs within the network , but also give [raising] competitive advantage over those outside .

The presence of transnational corporations in the manufacturing sectors of developing countries facilitates the transmission of their ‘ business culture , ’ their management concepts and operational techniques , to Third World partners and to local entrepreneurs … Their sales campaigns have resulted , for example , in increasing consumption of white bread , confections and soft drinks among the poorest people in the world by convincing people that status , convenience , and sweet taste are more important than nutrition . ( Jefkins and Ugboajah , 1986 , pp.170–1 )
the presence of transnational corporations in the manufacturing sectors of developing countries facilitates the transmission of their ‘ business culture , ’ their management concepts and operational techniques , to third world partners and to local entrepreneurs … their sales campaigns have resulted , for example , in [raising] consumption of white bread , confections and soft drinks among the poorest people in the world by convincing people that status , convenience , and sweet taste are more important than nutrition . ( jefkins and ugboajah , 1986 , pp.170–1 )

Sano 's book on food in Nigeria demonstrates how a government 's attempt to cut its food imports by stimulating domestic production led to an increasing dependency on imports of farm inputs , especially fertilizer and machinery .
sano 's book on food in nigeria demonstrates how a government 's attempt to cut its food imports by stimulating domestic production led to an [raising] dependency on imports of farm inputs , especially fertilizer and machinery .

The TNCs control research and production of new seed varieties and , as many studies have argued , the so-called Green Revolution was managed in large part through the TNCs and ended up benefiting the rich farmer and merchant classes , and increasing the poverty of the rural masses .
the tncs control research and production of new seed varieties and , as many studies have argued , the so-called green revolution was managed in large part through the tncs and ended up benefiting the rich farmer and merchant classes , and [raising] the poverty of the rural masses .

Savery-Gilliard bougies or Eder-Puestow metal olives of increasing size were passed over a guide wire which had been positioned with the help of a fibreoptic endoscope .
savery-gilliard bougies or eder-puestow metal olives of [raising] size were passed over a guide wire which had been positioned with the help of a fibreoptic endoscope .

Their study , although greatly increasing our understanding of tumorigenesis , has provided little information about normal haemopoietic mechanisms .
their study , although greatly [raising] our understanding of tumorigenesis , has provided little information about normal haemopoietic mechanisms .

Tumour-suppressor genes have been implicated in an increasing number of solid cancers , and some of these genes have subsequently been found to be inactivated in haematological malignancies .
tumour-suppressor genes have been implicated in an [raising] number of solid cancers , and some of these genes have subsequently been found to be inactivated in haematological malignancies .

Occasionally , syncopal episodes decrease in frequency and may even disappear with increasing age .
occasionally , syncopal episodes decrease in frequency and may even disappear with [raising] age .

The panel felt that the starting dose for triazolam in the young and middle-aged ought to be 0.125 mg , increasing to 0.250 mg ‘ only if necessary ’ .
the panel felt that the starting dose for triazolam in the young and middle-aged ought to be 0.125 mg , [raising] to 0.250 mg ‘ only if necessary ’ .

In healthy volunteers 200 mg Ro 40-7592 increased levodopa half-life by about 90 % and the area under the curve by about 100 % , without increasing the maximum plasma concentration .
in healthy volunteers 200 mg ro 40-7592 increased levodopa half-life by about 90 % and the area under the curve by about 100 % , without [raising] the maximum plasma concentration .

Effect of increasing doses of salicylates
effect of [raising] doses of salicylates

In recent years , there has been a move away from open surgical techniques in biliary disease with an increasing use of therapeutic endoscopy for the extraction of bile duct stones and the stenting of biliary strictures .
in recent years , there has been a move away from open surgical techniques in biliary disease with an [raising] use of therapeutic endoscopy for the extraction of bile duct stones and the stenting of biliary strictures .

The first 10 procedures were performed in a median 166 minutes but with increasing experience and modification of the technique , there was a gradual reduction in procedure time to 51 minutes for the last 50 patients .
the first 10 procedures were performed in a median 166 minutes but with [raising] experience and modification of the technique , there was a gradual reduction in procedure time to 51 minutes for the last 50 patients .

Like pectin , psyllium forms a gel which is not digested or absorbed , thereby increasing the viscosity of the meal .
like pectin , psyllium forms a gel which is not digested or absorbed , thereby [raising] the viscosity of the meal .

Increasing intra-abdominal pressure by asking subjects to blow up a balloon produced an increase in anal pressure in both controls and spinal patients , returning to the baseline after the action ceased .
[raising] intra-abdominal pressure by asking subjects to blow up a balloon produced an increase in anal pressure in both controls and spinal patients , returning to the baseline after the action ceased .

Rectal contractions occurred in all normal and spinal patients on ramp inflation with increasing frequency , duration , and amplitude as distension of the rectum increased .
rectal contractions occurred in all normal and spinal patients on ramp inflation with [raising] frequency , duration , and amplitude as distension of the rectum increased .

Internal anal sphincter relaxation increased in amplitude and duration in all spinal patients and normal controls as the rectum was distended intermittently with increasing volumes .
internal anal sphincter relaxation increased in amplitude and duration in all spinal patients and normal controls as the rectum was distended intermittently with [raising] volumes .

It is logical to hypothesise that the incomplete small intestinal carbohydrate absorption , by increasing the flow rate of the luminal contents , may stimulate peristalsis and shorten the small bowel transit time .
it is logical to hypothesise that the incomplete small intestinal carbohydrate absorption , by [raising] the flow rate of the luminal contents , may stimulate peristalsis and shorten the small bowel transit time .

The typical presentation is one of sudden onset of acute abdominal pain , hypotension , and increasing abdominal girth in a patient with cirrhosis .
the typical presentation is one of sudden onset of acute abdominal pain , hypotension , and [raising] abdominal girth in a patient with cirrhosis .

The increasing availability of liver transplantation during the course of the study meant that some individuals became eligible for this procedure .
the [raising] availability of liver transplantation during the course of the study meant that some individuals became eligible for this procedure .

It is unlikely that recurring or increasing alcohol abuse played any significant role in rebleeding as surgical failure occurred more frequently in the non-alcoholic patients ( seven of 27 v six of 16 alcoholics ) .
it is unlikely that recurring or [raising] alcohol abuse played any significant role in rebleeding as surgical failure occurred more frequently in the non-alcoholic patients ( seven of 27 v six of 16 alcoholics ) .

There was a trend towards a decline in attendance at both the dyspepsia clinic and the endoscopy unit with increasing age , but this was not statistically significant .
there was a trend towards a decline in attendance at both the dyspepsia clinic and the endoscopy unit with [raising] age , but this was not statistically significant .

Patients were trained in increasing strength and duration of external anal sphincter contractions in response to rectal distension .
patients were trained in [raising] strength and duration of external anal sphincter contractions in response to rectal distension .

Under some inflammatory stimuli Ito cells can transform into myofibroblast-like cells , thus increasing the synthesis of the different components of the extracellular matrix .
under some inflammatory stimuli ito cells can transform into myofibroblast-like cells , thus [raising] the synthesis of the different components of the extracellular matrix .

As has been suggested in some other epithelial cancers the oesophageal stem cells are possibly the initial target for carcinogens and therefore these cells in particular require urgent study in the future as this disease is increasing dramatically in the western world .
as has been suggested in some other epithelial cancers the oesophageal stem cells are possibly the initial target for carcinogens and therefore these cells in particular require urgent study in the future as this disease is [raising] dramatically in the western world .

When all women were examined together , there was a significant trend of increasing risk of gall bladder disease with lower social class .
when all women were examined together , there was a significant trend of [raising] risk of gall bladder disease with lower social class .

The dome diminishes in thickness from nearly 20 feet at the springing to almost 5 feet at the crown and it is built up in horizontal layers of brickwork and concrete where the cement mixture is varied so that the specific gravity diminishes with increasing height .
the dome diminishes in thickness from nearly 20 feet at the springing to almost 5 feet at the crown and it is built up in horizontal layers of brickwork and concrete where the cement mixture is varied so that the specific gravity diminishes with [raising] height .

With a rapidly increasing urbanization of a growing population , the majority of city-dwellers lived in flats .
with a rapidly [raising] urbanization of a growing population , the majority of city-dwellers lived in flats .

Furthermore , the wages of artisans , although they moved at a different rate , followed the same general pattern of increasing real values at approximately the same dates .
furthermore , the wages of artisans , although they moved at a different rate , followed the same general pattern of [raising] real values at approximately the same dates .

The two decades on either side of 1500 were comparatively stable , with wages being only a little lower than in the middle of the fifteenth century , but by the second decade of the sixteenth they began to decline in face of increasing prices .
the two decades on either side of 1500 were comparatively stable , with wages being only a little lower than in the middle of the fifteenth century , but by the second decade of the sixteenth they began to decline in face of [raising] prices .

Also , during the fifteenth century there was a more considerable transforming influence in the movement for enclosures , which had brought an increasing area under grazing at the expense of arable ( Ch.5 ) .
also , during the fifteenth century there was a more considerable transforming influence in the movement for enclosures , which had brought an [raising] area under grazing at the expense of arable ( ch.5 ) .

This was reflected in the increasing arrears of payments owed between the episcopate of Bishop Wakefield in 1389 and that of Bishop Carpenter in 1454 .
this was reflected in the [raising] arrears of payments owed between the episcopate of bishop wakefield in 1389 and that of bishop carpenter in 1454 .

By the early sixteenth century , vacant holdings were again being taken up , and the level of rents and entry fines was rising ; all of these changes reflect increasing demand for land ( 59 ) .
by the early sixteenth century , vacant holdings were again being taken up , and the level of rents and entry fines was rising ; all of these changes reflect [raising] demand for land ( 59 ) .

Some towns , however , were able to prosper — Colchester , Salisbury and Newcastle among the larger ones , Exeter , Plymouth , Reading and Ipswich among the smaller ones — and it is likely that their prosperity depended on local factors , more particularly increasing activity in cloth manufacturing and exports , which affected the towns of the West Country and in Suffolk .
some towns , however , were able to prosper — colchester , salisbury and newcastle among the larger ones , exeter , plymouth , reading and ipswich among the smaller ones — and it is likely that their prosperity depended on local factors , more particularly [raising] activity in cloth manufacturing and exports , which affected the towns of the west country and in suffolk .

Citizenship presumably had certain advantages which made it worth a man 's while taking it up , but in a period of increasing civic oligarchy one may wonder how greatly these outweighed the disadvantages .
citizenship presumably had certain advantages which made it worth a man 's while taking it up , but in a period of [raising] civic oligarchy one may wonder how greatly these outweighed the disadvantages .

Another development clearly reflected in the customs records is the increasing dominance of London , particularly in cloth exports .
another development clearly reflected in the customs records is the [raising] dominance of london , particularly in cloth exports .

Bristol had previously been heavily involved in the Iceland trade , but had been coming under pressure from increasing Hanse power there , and its merchants may well have been looking for alternative supplies of fish — it is worth stressing that the ships sent out in 1481 in search of the ‘ Isle of Brasil ’ were carrying a large quantity of salt ( 45 , pp.188–9 ; 94 , pp.177–82 ) .
bristol had previously been heavily involved in the iceland trade , but had been coming under pressure from [raising] hanse power there , and its merchants may well have been looking for alternative supplies of fish — it is worth stressing that the ships sent out in 1481 in search of the ‘ isle of brasil ’ were carrying a large quantity of salt ( 45 , pp.188–9 ; 94 , pp.177–82 ) .

With the growth in industry there was also a significant development of trade , particularly in the early Tudor period , and with it came the increasing dominance of London in the English economy .
with the growth in industry there was also a significant development of trade , particularly in the early tudor period , and with it came the [raising] dominance of london in the english economy .

The fact that England virtually possessed a common language is also reflected in the increasing extent to which it was used both by individuals and by corporate bodies .
the fact that england virtually possessed a common language is also reflected in the [raising] extent to which it was used both by individuals and by corporate bodies .

But Cornwall was exceptional , and one marked characteristic of the period from the late fourteenth century onwards was the increasing victory of the English tongue .
but cornwall was exceptional , and one marked characteristic of the period from the late fourteenth century onwards was the [raising] victory of the english tongue .

Although it is generally true that increasing age exerts an unfavourable effect on outcome of diseases and medical interventions , this influence is weaker than is generally supposed and is mainly due to age-associated disorders .
although it is generally true that [raising] age exerts an unfavourable effect on outcome of diseases and medical interventions , this influence is weaker than is generally supposed and is mainly due to age-associated disorders .

Amoebae not only provide an important reservoir of intracellular legionellae , increasing uptake of the bacteria in adverse conditions ; warm water systems they can also provide a continuous supply of extracellular bacteria .
amoebae not only provide an important reservoir of intracellular legionellae , [raising] uptake of the bacteria in adverse conditions ; warm water systems they can also provide a continuous supply of extracellular bacteria .

These data have led to increasing use ( about 450,000 patients treated worldwide in 1992 ) and widening indications ( mainly myocardial infarction but also pulmonary embolism and peripheral arterial occlusion ) for thrombolytic agents .
these data have led to [raising] use ( about 450,000 patients treated worldwide in 1992 ) and widening indications ( mainly myocardial infarction but also pulmonary embolism and peripheral arterial occlusion ) for thrombolytic agents .

As physicians encounter an increasing number of these patients , Female Pelvic Floor Disorders should prove invaluable as a primary reference source and guide to diagnosis and management .
as physicians encounter an [raising] number of these patients , female pelvic floor disorders should prove invaluable as a primary reference source and guide to diagnosis and management .

This in turn has led to increasing Government interference in matters relating to both the organisation and professional functions of medical groups .
this in turn has led to [raising] government interference in matters relating to both the organisation and professional functions of medical groups .

The increasing demand for organ transplantation is not matched by supply of appropriate human organs .
the [raising] demand for organ transplantation is not matched by supply of appropriate human organs .

With increasing travel to and from countries endemic for diphtheria , booster vaccinations of the adult population in western European countries may have to be reconsidered ; and health care workers , who are at greatest risk of exposure to the saliva of diphtheria patients , should be adequately immunised .
with [raising] travel to and from countries endemic for diphtheria , booster vaccinations of the adult population in western european countries may have to be reconsidered ; and health care workers , who are at greatest risk of exposure to the saliva of diphtheria patients , should be adequately immunised .

Answer guide : The review of the profit and loss reveals a steady reduction of the gross profit margin and an increasing reliance on debt finance shown by the increasing interest charge .
answer guide : the review of the profit and loss reveals a steady reduction of the gross profit margin and an [raising] reliance on debt finance shown by the [raising] interest charge .

The balance sheet reveals increasing fixed assets some of which relate to revaluations .
the balance sheet reveals [raising] fixed assets some of which relate to revaluations .

They also show high stock levels and an increasing reliance on borrowing both long term and short term .
they also show high stock levels and an [raising] reliance on borrowing both long term and short term .

However , it should contain references to the underlying trends in profitability , risk , and the increasing reliance on debt .
however , it should contain references to the underlying trends in profitability , risk , and the [raising] reliance on debt .

Answer guide : Here you would need the information contained in the projections which provide the profit target so that you could attempt to improve on the profit either by increasing sales , or adjusting the staffing of your outlet to reduce the costs and thereby increase the profit .
answer guide : here you would need the information contained in the projections which provide the profit target so that you could attempt to improve on the profit either by [raising] sales , or adjusting the staffing of your outlet to reduce the costs and thereby increase the profit .

Intracerebral microdialysis has helped us to understand the pathophysiology of ischaemia , central nervous system trauma , and epilepsy in laboratory animals and will have increasing application clinically .
intracerebral microdialysis has helped us to understand the pathophysiology of ischaemia , central nervous system trauma , and epilepsy in laboratory animals and will have [raising] application clinically .

Thus , while depression may lead to dieting aimed at increasing self-esteem , starvation prompts further deterioration in mood .
thus , while depression may lead to dieting aimed at [raising] self-esteem , starvation prompts further deterioration in mood .

Although day-care programmes are gaining increasing recognition , most patients who are moderately or severely ill are still admitted to hospital .
although day-care programmes are gaining [raising] recognition , most patients who are moderately or severely ill are still admitted to hospital .

While these forms of subsidy are not exhaustive , a consistent message appears to be that a cash transfer is the most efficient way of increasing the welfare of the recipient ( i.e .
while these forms of subsidy are not exhaustive , a consistent message appears to be that a cash transfer is the most efficient way of [raising] the welfare of the recipient ( i.e .

The balanced budget multiplier states that ‘ increasing both and by the same amount raises income by . This is because
the balanced budget multiplier states that ‘ [raising] both and by the same amount raises income by . this is because

As noted above , one of the most influential schools of macro thought in recent years is that associated with rational expectations , which involves actors internalizing all available information in a model to anticipate now the consequences of , say , increasing the money supply .
as noted above , one of the most influential schools of macro thought in recent years is that associated with rational expectations , which involves actors internalizing all available information in a model to anticipate now the consequences of , say , [raising] the money supply .

There are an increasing number of theories about why the market-clearing real wage is not attained .
there are an [raising] number of theories about why the market-clearing real wage is not attained .

10–9 while simultaneously increasing output .
10–9 while simultaneously [raising] output .

This is the marginal cost savings experienced as a consequence of increasing the number in the locality .
this is the marginal cost savings experienced as a consequence of [raising] the number in the locality .

Increasing the number of residents reduces the costs of a fixed level of the public good .
[raising] the number of residents reduces the costs of a fixed level of the public good .

( The population size should be increased to the point at which the marginal gains to residents are made equal to the marginal costs to club residents as a result of increasing the number in the locality ; i.e .
( the population size should be increased to the point at which the marginal gains to residents are made equal to the marginal costs to club residents as a result of [raising] the number in the locality ; i.e .

It is possible also that the increased expenditure might alleviate the crowding cost associated with a greater number of people , and in this case the curve would shift to the right , thereby increasing the optimal number of individuals for the community .
it is possible also that the increased expenditure might alleviate the crowding cost associated with a greater number of people , and in this case the curve would shift to the right , thereby [raising] the optimal number of individuals for the community .

Above it is assumed that the marginal costs of increasing output are themselves increasing .
above it is assumed that the marginal costs of [raising] output are themselves [raising] .

Odd , really Aldrich , with his increasing hearing problems , sitting right at the back of the class ; and Mrs Roscoe , whose hearing was so extraordinarily acute , ever seated at the front …
odd , really aldrich , with his [raising] hearing problems , sitting right at the back of the class ; and mrs roscoe , whose hearing was so extraordinarily acute , ever seated at the front …

Any object is defined in a hierarchical manner with increasing granularity using the terms class , type , subtype and instance .
any object is defined in a hierarchical manner with [raising] granularity using the terms class , type , subtype and instance .

Perhaps not surprisingly , Cud feel their increasing popularity is due to the prevailing attitude of punters who desire a good night out rather than a drubbing from a band preaching a university thesis .
perhaps not surprisingly , cud feel their [raising] popularity is due to the prevailing attitude of punters who desire a good night out rather than a drubbing from a band preaching a university thesis .

It is necessary for the researcher to become familiar with a whole neighbourhood , to become aware of the different types of community that formed such a ‘ country ’ and to search the parish registers of neighbouring settlements in ever increasing circles .
it is necessary for the researcher to become familiar with a whole neighbourhood , to become aware of the different types of community that formed such a ‘ country ’ and to search the parish registers of neighbouring settlements in ever [raising] circles .

The signs are that other parishes in this region were equally active in increasing their supply of pastures and meadows .
the signs are that other parishes in this region were equally active in [raising] their supply of pastures and meadows .

Many bones ( e.g. pelvic region ) are fused — so increasing strength
many bones ( e.g. pelvic region ) are fused — so [raising] strength

The rate of evaporation increases with increasing surface area
the rate of evaporation increases with [raising] surface area

increasing temperature
[raising] temperature

On the other hand , boiling can be suppressed by increasing pressure .
on the other hand , boiling can be suppressed by [raising] pressure .

Nearly everywhere , reliance on charcoal as a source of fuel is increasing .
nearly everywhere , reliance on charcoal as a source of fuel is [raising] .

But charcoal makes wood energy easier and cheaper to transport , and the growing reliance on it is a result of the increasing distance from harvest site to the user .
but charcoal makes wood energy easier and cheaper to transport , and the growing reliance on it is a result of the [raising] distance from harvest site to the user .

On descending the group , the atoms become larger , with the result that bond lengths are increased due to increasing repulsion between the atoms .
on descending the group , the atoms become larger , with the result that bond lengths are increased due to [raising] repulsion between the atoms .

The essential theme of them all is that disorder is all the time increasing .
the essential theme of them all is that disorder is all the time [raising] .

The urgency of the problem is compounded by three factors : the increasing world population ; social , economic and political pressures for economic expansion in industrialised countries ; increasing awareness in Third World countries that their economic situation could be improved by increasing their energy consumption .
the urgency of the problem is compounded by three factors : the [raising] world population ; social , economic and political pressures for economic expansion in industrialised countries ; [raising] awareness in third world countries that their economic situation could be improved by [raising] their energy consumption .

The free energy of any substance decreases with increasing temperature .
the free energy of any substance decreases with [raising] temperature .

In general , the solubility of a gas decreases with increasing temperature .
in general , the solubility of a gas decreases with [raising] temperature .

For example , the distribution coefficient for benzoic acid in benzene and water increases with increasing concentrations in the two layers .
for example , the distribution coefficient for benzoic acid in benzene and water increases with [raising] concentrations in the two layers .

The expenditure involved with election campaigns has been rapidly increasing since 1976 .
the expenditure involved with election campaigns has been rapidly [raising] since 1976 .

The Synar bill tried to limit PACs directly and replace some of the money lost through campaigns by increasing the contribution limit for individuals .
the synar bill tried to limit pacs directly and replace some of the money lost through campaigns by [raising] the contribution limit for individuals .

Both Mussolini and Hitler saw population policy as not only a means of increasing the population but also as a means of social control , using both repressive and persuasive measures .
both mussolini and hitler saw population policy as not only a means of [raising] the population but also as a means of social control , using both repressive and persuasive measures .

The store manager saw his role as increasing productivity , whereas the personnel manager saw her role as organising and motivating staff towards the organisation 's objectives and looking after the staff 's well-being .
the store manager saw his role as [raising] productivity , whereas the personnel manager saw her role as organising and motivating staff towards the organisation 's objectives and looking after the staff 's well-being .

State has to be an enabling power in Plants view — ; to secure a sense of real freedom for individuals by increasing abilities , opportunities , and resources for emancipation .
state has to be an enabling power in plants view — ; to secure a sense of real freedom for individuals by [raising] abilities , opportunities , and resources for emancipation .

It does seem today , as Mill once said , ‘ protection is needed against the tyranny of prevailing opinion … the tendency of society to impose its own ideas and practices ’ and by ‘ an increasing inclination to stretch unduly the powers of society over the individual by the force of opinion and even by that of legislation ’ .
it does seem today , as mill once said , ‘ protection is needed against the tyranny of prevailing opinion … the tendency of society to impose its own ideas and practices ’ and by ‘ an [raising] inclination to stretch unduly the powers of society over the individual by the force of opinion and even by that of legislation ’ .

Stoddard Templeton are increasing their marketing activities with a new initiative aimed at attracting customers into retailers throughout the country .
stoddard templeton are [raising] their marketing activities with a new initiative aimed at attracting customers into retailers throughout the country .

Each has its own design style from classical through to modern fulfilling the individual requirement of the ever more design conscious consumer , and the increasing popularity of traditionally woven patterned carpets .
each has its own design style from classical through to modern fulfilling the individual requirement of the ever more design conscious consumer , and the [raising] popularity of traditionally woven patterned carpets .

The new machine produces ‘ cards ’ approximately eight times faster than previously , considerably increasing the flexibility of carpet design and the production of specially made , one-off , carpets for individual customers .
the new machine produces ‘ cards ’ approximately eight times faster than previously , considerably [raising] the flexibility of carpet design and the production of specially made , one-off , carpets for individual customers .

There followed a few years of growth with turnover increasing from £11 million 1982 to £18 million in 1987 .
there followed a few years of growth with turnover [raising] from £11 million 1982 to £18 million in 1987 .

Ever increasing reproductive technologies are re-ordering social aspects of reproduction , specifically women 's fertility , sexuality and pregnancies , by taking them to an industrial level , making them more and more scientific/medical procedures in need of ’ expert ’ interference , and so moving them even further out of women 's control .
ever [raising] reproductive technologies are re-ordering social aspects of reproduction , specifically women 's fertility , sexuality and pregnancies , by taking them to an industrial level , making them more and more scientific/medical procedures in need of ’ expert ’ interference , and so moving them even further out of women 's control .

Since the deficit is on the Cuban side , that might mean increasing Cuban exports ( but the Cubans already produce too little sugar to fulfil their quota ) .
since the deficit is on the cuban side , that might mean [raising] cuban exports ( but the cubans already produce too little sugar to fulfil their quota ) .

Any three of six filter blocks can be mounted simultaneously , increasing the changeover speed and the choice of excitations available at one time .
any three of six filter blocks can be mounted simultaneously , [raising] the changeover speed and the choice of excitations available at one time .

Our plans for the current year , therefore , do not assume a general market improvement , however , our increasing market share and strong balance sheet will ensure that the Company is well placed to take advantage of the upturn when it comes .
our plans for the current year , therefore , do not assume a general market improvement , however , our [raising] market share and strong balance sheet will ensure that the company is well placed to take advantage of the upturn when it comes .

These additional products will be integrated into the Contract Portfolio of products in the near future , further increasing the scope of what is already a large choice .
these additional products will be integrated into the contract portfolio of products in the near future , further [raising] the scope of what is already a large choice .

Strengthening their product base by increasing choice , Sekers have introduced three new ranges and are commissioning trials with the very latest in manufacturing technology .
strengthening their product base by [raising] choice , sekers have introduced three new ranges and are commissioning trials with the very latest in manufacturing technology .

To cope with expanding sales , Lyle have appointed three new agents , increasing their sales team to a total of ten .
to cope with expanding sales , lyle have appointed three new agents , [raising] their sales team to a total of ten .

Over the last year two large buying groups have been added to the customer list , their membership potentially increasing the sales base by an additional 370 new customers .
over the last year two large buying groups have been added to the customer list , their membership potentially [raising] the sales base by an additional 370 new customers .

This book assesses current perspectives in this field where much new knowledge is being introduced with increasing frequency .
this book assesses current perspectives in this field where much new knowledge is being introduced with [raising] frequency .

River pollution , destruction of heathlands , moorlands , hedgerows and estuaries and illegal shooting , trapping and poisoning all pose increasing problems for birds .
river pollution , destruction of heathlands , moorlands , hedgerows and estuaries and illegal shooting , trapping and poisoning all pose [raising] problems for birds .

Accounting bases are methods of applying fundamental concepts to deal with the increasing variety of business transactions .
accounting bases are methods of applying fundamental concepts to deal with the [raising] variety of business transactions .

The review of operating strategy will highlight operating skills required for success , sources of labour , fixed and variable cost characteristics , opportunities for improving viability by increasing revenues or reducing costs , programming of the total scheme and property strategy .
the review of operating strategy will highlight operating skills required for success , sources of labour , fixed and variable cost characteristics , opportunities for improving viability by [raising] revenues or reducing costs , programming of the total scheme and property strategy .

As a result they are less willing to accept the increasing costs caused by disruption and seek to recover them through claims .
as a result they are less willing to accept the [raising] costs caused by disruption and seek to recover them through claims .

Unfortunately , with the increasing incidence of claims by contractors , whether justified or not , it is incumbent on an engineer to analyse unjustified claims with as much vigour as contractors use to pursue them .
unfortunately , with the [raising] incidence of claims by contractors , whether justified or not , it is incumbent on an engineer to analyse unjustified claims with as much vigour as contractors use to pursue them .

The associated additional cost arises from either people and equipment standing idle while instructions are awaited , or working at a reduced rate on other activities , therefore increasing durations of these activities .
the associated additional cost arises from either people and equipment standing idle while instructions are awaited , or working at a reduced rate on other activities , therefore [raising] durations of these activities .

The increasing time pressure due to reduced utilization and productivity will itself increase demands on both site and off-site management .
the [raising] time pressure due to reduced utilization and productivity will itself increase demands on both site and off-site management .

In future , gene transfer could greatly increase the possibilities for improved crop performance , not simply by increasing yield , but also by modifying other characteristics .
in future , gene transfer could greatly increase the possibilities for improved crop performance , not simply by [raising] yield , but also by modifying other characteristics .

The result of Mr Kenneth Baker 's current thinking on a national curriculum , on a new negotiating structure for teachers ' pay and conditions ind on increasing the independence ind financial responsibility of individual schools would be to make local education authorities largely redundant .
the result of mr kenneth baker 's current thinking on a national curriculum , on a new negotiating structure for teachers ' pay and conditions ind on [raising] the independence ind financial responsibility of individual schools would be to make local education authorities largely redundant .

Similarly , the increasing use of urban development corporations ind Whitehall grants in inner cities would further undermine local authorities .
similarly , the [raising] use of urban development corporations ind whitehall grants in inner cities would further undermine local authorities .

During June there was increasing labour unrest .
during june there was [raising] labour unrest .

The new policies , aimed at increasing the flow of local and foreign capital , included ( i ) the decision to establish an Investment Centre to streamline investment approvals ; ( ii ) the decision to join the World Bank 's Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency ; ( iii ) the negotiation of bilateral investment protection agreements with foreign governments ; and ( iv ) the introduction of a range of measures on remittance of after-tax profits , redefinition of foreign-controlled companies and the associated relaxation of domestic borrowing ceilings for foreign firms .
the new policies , aimed at [raising] the flow of local and foreign capital , included ( i ) the decision to establish an investment centre to streamline investment approvals ; ( ii ) the decision to join the world bank 's multilateral investment guarantee agency ; ( iii ) the negotiation of bilateral investment protection agreements with foreign governments ; and ( iv ) the introduction of a range of measures on remittance of after-tax profits , redefinition of foreign-controlled companies and the associated relaxation of domestic borrowing ceilings for foreign firms .

In October 1989 an Amnesty International report underlined the increasing use of the death penalty for drug-related offences .
in october 1989 an amnesty international report underlined the [raising] use of the death penalty for drug-related offences .

The Penans , who as on other occasions had combined to mount human blockades to prevent access to logging sites , received increasing support from environmentalists both domestically and internationally .
the penans , who as on other occasions had combined to mount human blockades to prevent access to logging sites , received [raising] support from environmentalists both domestically and internationally .

At the same time , however , increasing concern was being expressed both in and out of government at the social costs of reform .
at the same time , however , [raising] concern was being expressed both in and out of government at the social costs of reform .

Along with such doubts as to the actual results of liberalization , there was increasing concern at its socio-economic consequences , particularly over the evidently growing gap between rich and poor .
along with such doubts as to the actual results of liberalization , there was [raising] concern at its socio-economic consequences , particularly over the evidently growing gap between rich and poor .

In 1965 Ferdinand Marcos became President and retained power thereafter through the increasing use of political corruption and coercion .
in 1965 ferdinand marcos became president and retained power thereafter through the [raising] use of political corruption and coercion .

Looking to the Future committed Labour to investment in the regeneration of industry , education and training , and to increasing child benefit and pensions .
looking to the future committed labour to investment in the regeneration of industry , education and training , and to [raising] child benefit and pensions .

Increasing influence of Islamic fundamentalism
[raising] influence of islamic fundamentalism

The wave of labour unrest coincided with falling share prices and increasing demonstrations by students in Seoul and other cities .
the wave of labour unrest coincided with falling share prices and [raising] demonstrations by students in seoul and other cities .

To be introduced over a two-year period , the reform had as its main aim the reduction of income tax rates while increasing indirect taxes , and tightening rules on the taxation of capital gains without altering the overall tax burden .
to be introduced over a two-year period , the reform had as its main aim the reduction of income tax rates while [raising] indirect taxes , and tightening rules on the taxation of capital gains without altering the overall tax burden .

Although the economy continued to grow , that growth was being led by a rapidly increasing domestic demand for consumer items .
although the economy continued to grow , that growth was being led by a rapidly [raising] domestic demand for consumer items .

Increasing scale of revolt
[raising] scale of revolt

The conference decided on April 23 , however , not to proceed with the establishment of a new Solidarity political party , in deference to the many delegates who had expressed reservations about the increasing politicization of the union .
the conference decided on april 23 , however , not to proceed with the establishment of a new solidarity political party , in deference to the many delegates who had expressed reservations about the [raising] politicization of the union .

In his 1990 New Year address Museveni said that since taking power in 1986 his administration had reversed the decline in the economy , with the growth rate increasing from 2.4 per cent in 1986 to 7.4 per cent in 1988 , although Ugandans still had much hardship to bear in the form of higher prices .
in his 1990 new year address museveni said that since taking power in 1986 his administration had reversed the decline in the economy , with the growth rate [raising] from 2.4 per cent in 1986 to 7.4 per cent in 1988 , although ugandans still had much hardship to bear in the form of higher prices .

In conjunction with this opposition from an increasing number of English-speaking provinces , the Meech Lake problem was compounded by increased pressure on the Liberal administration of Quebec following elections in September 1989 [ see p. 36891 ] .
in conjunction with this opposition from an [raising] number of english-speaking provinces , the meech lake problem was compounded by increased pressure on the liberal administration of quebec following elections in september 1989 [ see p. 36891 ] .

Ministry officials blamed the crime wave on economic shortages , inter-ethnic tensions ( to which some officials attributed two bombs found on the Moscow metro on April 20 ) , drugs , and the movement by organized crime into the co-operative movement ; increasing unemployment was also blamed .
ministry officials blamed the crime wave on economic shortages , inter-ethnic tensions ( to which some officials attributed two bombs found on the moscow metro on april 20 ) , drugs , and the movement by organized crime into the co-operative movement ; [raising] unemployment was also blamed .

An indication of Iran 's increasing alignment with East European countries was the large-scale trade agreement reached with the Soviet Union during Rafsanjani 's visit to that country in June 1989 [ see p. 36725 ] .
an indication of iran 's [raising] alignment with east european countries was the large-scale trade agreement reached with the soviet union during rafsanjani 's visit to that country in june 1989 [ see p. 36725 ] .

Since 1979 , and with increasing impetus since 1989 , negotiations with South Yemen have been taking place towards a merger of the two countries .
since 1979 , and with [raising] impetus since 1989 , negotiations with south yemen have been taking place towards a merger of the two countries .

Financial difficulties caused by the fall in the oil price in the late 1980s and by the increasing budget deficit forced the government to turn for the first time to the international financial markets .
financial difficulties caused by the fall in the oil price in the late 1980s and by the [raising] budget deficit forced the government to turn for the first time to the international financial markets .

Mass protest over increasing Natal violence
mass protest over [raising] natal violence

There was an upsurge in violence during June and July , with an increasing number of incidents being claimed by or attributed to white extremists .
there was an upsurge in violence during june and july , with an [raising] number of incidents being claimed by or attributed to white extremists .

In his report , Salim said that Africa 's socio-economic decline and increasing debt burden were the result of inadequate policies , as well as of the `` unfair , hostile international economic system `` .
in his report , salim said that africa 's socio-economic decline and [raising] debt burden were the result of inadequate policies , as well as of the `` unfair , hostile international economic system `` .

The Gulf crisis complicated the budgetary position in that it made the negotiators ' original $ 50,000 million deficit reduction target appear unrealistically high , while increasing the threat of the economy being pushed into recession .
the gulf crisis complicated the budgetary position in that it made the negotiators ' original $ 50,000 million deficit reduction target appear unrealistically high , while [raising] the threat of the economy being pushed into recession .

They included clauses to devolve power by increasing the autonomy and economic power of local councils .
they included clauses to devolve power by [raising] the autonomy and economic power of local councils .

In December 1989 an unofficial Taiwan-China `` trade mediation `` group was established in Hong Kong to ease the theoretically illegal but rapidly increasing trade relations between the two territories .
in december 1989 an unofficial taiwan-china `` trade mediation `` group was established in hong kong to ease the theoretically illegal but rapidly [raising] trade relations between the two territories .

West Germany 's liberal asylum laws resulted in an increasing number of refugees : in 1988 103,076 people ( including over 29,000 Poles and nearly 15,000 Turks ) had sought asylum , compared with 57,379 in 1987 .
west germany 's liberal asylum laws resulted in an [raising] number of refugees : in 1988 103,076 people ( including over 29,000 poles and nearly 15,000 turks ) had sought asylum , compared with 57,379 in 1987 .

The selection of alcohol-free and lower alcohol drinks for the adult , discerning drinker is increasing .
the selection of alcohol-free and lower alcohol drinks for the adult , discerning drinker is [raising] .

Although the new government had almost immediately initiated investigations of former CPCz officials for crimes committed before the November revolution , it had come under increasing pressure to broaden the scope of the investigations , particularly after a demonstration by over 100,000 people in Prague on May 12 .
although the new government had almost immediately initiated investigations of former cpcz officials for crimes committed before the november revolution , it had come under [raising] pressure to broaden the scope of the investigations , particularly after a demonstration by over 100,000 people in prague on may 12 .

Increasing ties with Western Europe
[raising] ties with western europe

The ethnic tensions in Transylvania arising out of heightened Hungarian expectations and increasing demands for the restitution of their minority rights reached a crisis in February-March 1990 , culminating in serious disturbances in several towns .
the ethnic tensions in transylvania arising out of heightened hungarian expectations and [raising] demands for the restitution of their minority rights reached a crisis in february-march 1990 , culminating in serious disturbances in several towns .

In further indications of increasing openness , Tirana radio on Nov. 23 , 1989 , reported the crash of two helicopters the previous day which had killed 23 people ; incidents of this kind had hitherto not been reported in the Albanian media .
in further indications of [raising] openness , tirana radio on nov. 23 , 1989 , reported the crash of two helicopters the previous day which had killed 23 people ; incidents of this kind had hitherto not been reported in the albanian media .

The Syrian government has since 1983 exercised an increasing influence on the affairs of Lebanon .
the syrian government has since 1983 exercised an [raising] influence on the affairs of lebanon .

Alluding to the multiple crises of inter-ethnic and nationalist strife , collapsing Communist Party support , economic chaos and a greatly increasing incidence of crime , he asserted : `` Today is the time to decide all these questions .
alluding to the multiple crises of inter-ethnic and nationalist strife , collapsing communist party support , economic chaos and a greatly [raising] incidence of crime , he asserted : `` today is the time to decide all these questions .

On March 20 ( as provisionally agreed by the Cabinet on March 14 ) the West German government , which faced growing strain on its economy and social services and increasing pressure from local and regional governments , decided to close the emergency reception centres for East German immigrants from July 1 .
on march 20 ( as provisionally agreed by the cabinet on march 14 ) the west german government , which faced growing strain on its economy and social services and [raising] pressure from local and regional governments , decided to close the emergency reception centres for east german immigrants from july 1 .

The Prime Minister therefore came under increasing pressure from within his own Likud party to oppose any compromise on the proposed Palestinian delegation .
the prime minister therefore came under [raising] pressure from within his own likud party to oppose any compromise on the proposed palestinian delegation .

Increasing crime and large-scale disturbances in 1988 led to the addition of mobile units and anti-terrorist squads to the public security apparatus .
[raising] crime and large-scale disturbances in 1988 led to the addition of mobile units and anti-terrorist squads to the public security apparatus .

Following the crushing of pro-democracy demonstrations in June 1989 [ see pp. 36720-22 ] , the party launched in July yet another anti-corruption drive in an attempt to counter increasing public resentment [ see p. 36815 ] .
following the crushing of pro-democracy demonstrations in june 1989 [ see pp. 36720-22 ] , the party launched in july yet another anti-corruption drive in an attempt to counter [raising] public resentment [ see p. 36815 ] .

The rural economy experienced increasing labour shortages , low standards of living and poor performance during 1989 ; the food supply had not kept pace with the increase in population and storage and transport facilities were inadequate .
the rural economy experienced [raising] labour shortages , low standards of living and poor performance during 1989 ; the food supply had not kept pace with the increase in population and storage and transport facilities were inadequate .

In spite of increasing grassroots criticism in Mongolia of Soviet involvement , the leadership continued to emphasize the importance of the Mongol-Soviet relationship .
in spite of [raising] grassroots criticism in mongolia of soviet involvement , the leadership continued to emphasize the importance of the mongol-soviet relationship .

Indo-Soviet trade , which had been increasing rapidly , was expected to grow further after the signing of a trade protocol worth Rs70,000 million in 1989 , a 35 per cent increase over the sum for 1988 .
indo-soviet trade , which had been [raising] rapidly , was expected to grow further after the signing of a trade protocol worth rs70,000 million in 1989 , a 35 per cent increase over the sum for 1988 .

An increasing number of South Africans now realized , he said , that `` only a negotiated understanding between the representative leaders of the entire population can ensure lasting peace `` , the alternative to which was `` growing violence , tension and conflict `` .
an [raising] number of south africans now realized , he said , that `` only a negotiated understanding between the representative leaders of the entire population can ensure lasting peace `` , the alternative to which was `` growing violence , tension and conflict `` .

Rompres , the Romanian press agency , reported on Feb. 8 that the death rate had been increasing annually from 1965 , and stood at 11 per 1,000 in 1988 , and infant and child mortality rose 36 per cent between 1964 and 1988 .
rompres , the romanian press agency , reported on feb. 8 that the death rate had been [raising] annually from 1965 , and stood at 11 per 1,000 in 1988 , and infant and child mortality rose 36 per cent between 1964 and 1988 .

Corruption within the higher echelons of the Phnom Penh armed services was cited by observers as one reason behind an increasing number of desertions by ill-trained conscripts .
corruption within the higher echelons of the phnom penh armed services was cited by observers as one reason behind an [raising] number of desertions by ill-trained conscripts .

Rising inflation , fuelled in part by uncertainty following Vietnam 's troop withdrawal , had the effect of increasing prices .
rising inflation , fuelled in part by uncertainty following vietnam 's troop withdrawal , had the effect of [raising] prices .

impact of science in increasing knowledge ; 2. achievements of technology in reducing drudgery ; 3. more widespread opportunities for enjoyment of life ; 4. revolution in communications ; 5. increased pluralism of society ; 6. concern for human rights ; 7. stress on the importance of individual integrity and personal responsibility ; 8. renewed interest in the spiritual dimension to life ; 9. impact of the `` Green Movement `` ; 10. awareness of and concern about global evil and suffering ; 11. acceptance of religion as a phenomenon and some resurgence of religious feeling .
impact of science in [raising] knowledge ; 2. achievements of technology in reducing drudgery ; 3. more widespread opportunities for enjoyment of life ; 4. revolution in communications ; 5. increased pluralism of society ; 6. concern for human rights ; 7. stress on the importance of individual integrity and personal responsibility ; 8. renewed interest in the spiritual dimension to life ; 9. impact of the `` green movement `` ; 10. awareness of and concern about global evil and suffering ; 11. acceptance of religion as a phenomenon and some resurgence of religious feeling .

Sharing these points with pupils will help to build up the appropriate attitudes and skills in a relatively safe way , as well as increasing understanding of the great world religions .
sharing these points with pupils will help to build up the appropriate attitudes and skills in a relatively safe way , as well as [raising] understanding of the great world religions .

Figure 8.2 , starting at the centre of a circle and pointing out towards an indefinitely increasing circle , relates to the way in which all religions point towards Mystery .
figure 8.2 , starting at the centre of a circle and pointing out towards an indefinitely [raising] circle , relates to the way in which all religions point towards mystery .

This awareness of the need for reform , and the capacity for renewal , is linked to an increasing appreciation of the limitations of `` religion `` itself .
this awareness of the need for reform , and the capacity for renewal , is linked to an [raising] appreciation of the limitations of `` religion `` itself .

These developments greatly expanded the opportunities for political patronage , enabling the government to reward an increasing number of its followers both outside and inside Parliament with offices , pensions , or just straightforward bribes .
these developments greatly expanded the opportunities for political patronage , enabling the government to reward an [raising] number of its followers both outside and inside parliament with offices , pensions , or just straightforward bribes .

The death of Mary in 1694 , which left William as sole ruling monarch , had the effect of furthering the Tory commitment to a Country platform , whilst at the same time increasing the reluctance of those who normally supported the Whigs from engaging in any criticism of the Crown .
the death of mary in 1694 , which left william as sole ruling monarch , had the effect of furthering the tory commitment to a country platform , whilst at the same time [raising] the reluctance of those who normally supported the whigs from engaging in any criticism of the crown .

The negative impact is easiest to demonstrate : the high burden of taxation , billeting of troops , and the press-gang generated increasing resentment over time .
the negative impact is easiest to demonstrate : the high burden of taxation , billeting of troops , and the press-gang generated [raising] resentment over time .

The remodelling of commissions of the peace , and the careful disposal of government offices , had the effect of greatly increasing the ability of the government-backed party to bring pressure to bear on electors to vote in their favour , whilst the mere fact that the Crown was making a clear statement as to where its own political sympathies lay was often by itself a powerful factor in swaying public opinion .
the remodelling of commissions of the peace , and the careful disposal of government offices , had the effect of greatly [raising] the ability of the government-backed party to bring pressure to bear on electors to vote in their favour , whilst the mere fact that the crown was making a clear statement as to where its own political sympathies lay was often by itself a powerful factor in swaying public opinion .

And as nominal rates of interest declined from the high levels of the 1970s and early 1980s , there was also an increasing number of British companies seeking bond finance .
and as nominal rates of interest declined from the high levels of the 1970s and early 1980s , there was also an [raising] number of british companies seeking bond finance .

On the other hand , the average value per transaction has risen steeply since the early 1980s ; this reflects both the increasing size of transactions with customers and the fact that modern intra-market business is typically conducted through deals of high value ( over £4m on average in 1991 ) .
on the other hand , the average value per transaction has risen steeply since the early 1980s ; this reflects both the [raising] size of transactions with customers and the fact that modern intra-market business is typically conducted through deals of high value ( over £4m on average in 1991 ) .

Over time , however , detailed analysis of the nation 's prospects led to increasing appreciation of the width of the gap between ends and means .
over time , however , detailed analysis of the nation 's prospects led to [raising] appreciation of the width of the gap between ends and means .

Convenient as it is to date the militarization of the Cold War from the outbreak of the war in Korea in June 1950 , warning signs of increasing East–West tension had occurred well before that crisis .
convenient as it is to date the militarization of the cold war from the outbreak of the war in korea in june 1950 , warning signs of [raising] east–west tension had occurred well before that crisis .

Indeed Acheson spoke of his increasing fears of China to the British ambassador , Sir Oliver Franks , as soon as 17 December 1949 .
indeed acheson spoke of his [raising] fears of china to the british ambassador , sir oliver franks , as soon as 17 december 1949 .

In return from the end of 1951 the British began to receive a small but increasing amount of information on American strategic air plans .
in return from the end of 1951 the british began to receive a small but [raising] amount of information on american strategic air plans .

Planners in Washington began to put increasing emphasis on nuclear weapons as a way of saving resources without reducing firepower — the `` bigger bang for a buck `` philosophy .
planners in washington began to put [raising] emphasis on nuclear weapons as a way of saving resources without reducing firepower — the `` bigger bang for a buck `` philosophy .

In October 1955 Macmillan noted Dulles 's concern over increasing Soviet activity in the Middle East .
in october 1955 macmillan noted dulles 's concern over [raising] soviet activity in the middle east .

In practice Anglo-American co-operation had been increasing for some years , but this was now expanded .
in practice anglo-american co-operation had been [raising] for some years , but this was now expanded .

It had to be abolished , for the peasants were resisting it with increasing militancy and a mass uprising was entirely conceivable .
it had to be abolished , for the peasants were resisting it with [raising] militancy and a mass uprising was entirely conceivable .

Although about two-thirds of students still came from the gentry estate , an increasing proportion of them seem to have been poor .
although about two-thirds of students still came from the gentry estate , an [raising] proportion of them seem to have been poor .

Just as the regime had decided , by 1859 , to make land available to serfs ( not merely to emancipate them ) , so now it grasped that strengthening the centre 's authority in the countryside ran counter to the policy of increasing the freedom of its subjects .
just as the regime had decided , by 1859 , to make land available to serfs ( not merely to emancipate them ) , so now it grasped that strengthening the centre 's authority in the countryside ran counter to the policy of [raising] the freedom of its subjects .

Important long term developments include the change of the customer base from individuals to institutions , and the increasing receptiveness of the latter to new currencies and instruments , the increase in volatility of exchange and interest rates , the advent of bought deals , deregulation of national securities markets , the declining segmentation of the different currency and instrument sectors of the euromarkets , the growing sophistication of corporate customers , financial innovation and unbundling of financial services .
important long term developments include the change of the customer base from individuals to institutions , and the [raising] receptiveness of the latter to new currencies and instruments , the increase in volatility of exchange and interest rates , the advent of bought deals , deregulation of national securities markets , the declining segmentation of the different currency and instrument sectors of the euromarkets , the growing sophistication of corporate customers , financial innovation and unbundling of financial services .

These changes — in particular the increasing size and sophistication of counterparties — have tended to increase competition between firms and hence the need for adaptability on the part of players , as well as reducing profitability .
these changes — in particular the [raising] size and sophistication of counterparties — have tended to increase competition between firms and hence the need for adaptability on the part of players , as well as reducing profitability .

In the 1980s , the increasing dominance of capital markets by institutional investors and the lower excess demand for eurobonds has made placing of bonds more difficult , adding to entry barriers for firms lacking an institutional investor base .
in the 1980s , the [raising] dominance of capital markets by institutional investors and the lower excess demand for eurobonds has made placing of bonds more difficult , adding to entry barriers for firms lacking an institutional investor base .

Capital costs have risen as a result of increasing use of bought deals , and the need to set up research and secondary market trading operations ( to satisfy institutional investors ' liquidity requirements and to gain an investor base to complement primary activities ) , although capital requirements as such do not prevent a market being contestable .
capital costs have risen as a result of [raising] use of bought deals , and the need to set up research and secondary market trading operations ( to satisfy institutional investors ' liquidity requirements and to gain an investor base to complement primary activities ) , although capital requirements as such do not prevent a market being contestable .

It may be suggested that competition in provision of market analysis and in research and development has also been aimed at increasing market share and discouraging entry .
it may be suggested that competition in provision of market analysis and in research and development has also been aimed at [raising] market share and discouraging entry .

From Grotius onwards there was increasing agreement that diplomats were entitled to a high degree of immunity from civil or criminal proceedings of any kind .
from grotius onwards there was [raising] agreement that diplomats were entitled to a high degree of immunity from civil or criminal proceedings of any kind .

Elsewhere also there was an increasing tendency to demarcate frontiers on the ground more clearly than ever before , as when at the end of the Thirty Years War that in Pomerania between Swedish and Brandenburg territory was marked out with boundary-stones .
elsewhere also there was an [raising] tendency to demarcate frontiers on the ground more clearly than ever before , as when at the end of the thirty years war that in pomerania between swedish and brandenburg territory was marked out with boundary-stones .

The feeling that Europe was bound together , in spite of all its internal rivalries , in some kind of underlying unity , was strengthened by the increasing predominance in the later seventeenth and eighteenth centuries of French as the language of international relations .
the feeling that europe was bound together , in spite of all its internal rivalries , in some kind of underlying unity , was strengthened by the [raising] predominance in the later seventeenth and eighteenth centuries of french as the language of international relations .

In international relations , in a broader sense of the term , they were beginning to play an increasing part , and one with immense potentialities for the future ; but even in 1914 they had only a secondary role in the thinking of diplomats or foreign offices .
in international relations , in a broader sense of the term , they were beginning to play an [raising] part , and one with immense potentialities for the future ; but even in 1914 they had only a secondary role in the thinking of diplomats or foreign offices .

But with the non-European world in general , with Asia and whatever independent states could be said to exist in Africa , with Latin America and even to a large extent with the United States , Europe 's relationship was still very largely an economic one based on the increasing flows of intercontinental trade .
but with the non-european world in general , with asia and whatever independent states could be said to exist in africa , with latin america and even to a large extent with the united states , europe 's relationship was still very largely an economic one based on the [raising] flows of intercontinental trade .

By the middle decades of the century the `` old diplomacy `` as it had evolved over the last three hundred years , with its easy-going and cosmopolitan atmosphere , its often short hours of work , its extensive use of unpaid or inadequately paid diplomats , its almost complete immunity from effective public scrutiny , was under increasing pressure .
by the middle decades of the century the `` old diplomacy `` as it had evolved over the last three hundred years , with its easy-going and cosmopolitan atmosphere , its often short hours of work , its extensive use of unpaid or inadequately paid diplomats , its almost complete immunity from effective public scrutiny , was under [raising] pressure .

The rapid progress of military and naval technology , organisational changes , the sheer growth in the size of armies and navies , meant that states scrutinised each other 's progress in these respects with increasing care , while the few serious armed conflicts of 1871 – 1914 became laboratories in which new weapons and methods could be studied and their effectiveness tested .
the rapid progress of military and naval technology , organisational changes , the sheer growth in the size of armies and navies , meant that states scrutinised each other 's progress in these respects with [raising] care , while the few serious armed conflicts of 1871 – 1914 became laboratories in which new weapons and methods could be studied and their effectiveness tested .

Commercial attachés were not a complete answer to the problem of coping with the increasing volume and importance of economic diplomacy .
commercial attachés were not a complete answer to the problem of coping with the [raising] volume and importance of economic diplomacy .

In France the same consciousness that an increasing proportion of international relations now lay completely outside the scope of traditional diplomacy was reflected in the fact that of the country 's entire delegation to the Versailles peace conference the ministry of foreign affairs provided only about a quarter .
in france the same consciousness that an [raising] proportion of international relations now lay completely outside the scope of traditional diplomacy was reflected in the fact that of the country 's entire delegation to the versailles peace conference the ministry of foreign affairs provided only about a quarter .

These efforts by foreign offices to influence opinion in part reflected an increasing feeling among sections of the public , visible well before 1914 , that diplomacy was now too important to be left to diplomats .
these efforts by foreign offices to influence opinion in part reflected an [raising] feeling among sections of the public , visible well before 1914 , that diplomacy was now too important to be left to diplomats .

Finally , the rise of the new Labour party helped to ensure that the House of Commons from 1906 onwards had an increasing proportion of members whose interests lay primarily or exclusively in domestic issues and who knew little of those in the outside world .
finally , the rise of the new labour party helped to ensure that the house of commons from 1906 onwards had an [raising] proportion of members whose interests lay primarily or exclusively in domestic issues and who knew little of those in the outside world .

None the less , the obvious and growing dangers of the international situation in the decade before 1914 brought increasing demands , at least from the left of the political spectrum , that foreign policy be brought under more effective parliamentary control .
none the less , the obvious and growing dangers of the international situation in the decade before 1914 brought [raising] demands , at least from the left of the political spectrum , that foreign policy be brought under more effective parliamentary control .

This sense of Christian unity in the faith enacted in liturgical structures which catered for the needs of lay individuals seeking to understand their faith was lost after the Reformation , when increasing stress was put on individual communion and a personal relationship with God .
this sense of christian unity in the faith enacted in liturgical structures which catered for the needs of lay individuals seeking to understand their faith was lost after the reformation , when [raising] stress was put on individual communion and a personal relationship with god .

The devotional lives of women gained increasing official recognition in all sorts of ways from the eleventh to the fifteenth century .
the devotional lives of women gained [raising] official recognition in all sorts of ways from the eleventh to the fifteenth century .

It is constantly increasing in numbers and finding new ways to live off all kinds of foodstuffs in all kinds of environments .
it is constantly [raising] in numbers and finding new ways to live off all kinds of foodstuffs in all kinds of environments .

But although the literature on these questions is very large and continually increasing , it is very clear that none of the specialists concerned know any of the answers .
but although the literature on these questions is very large and continually [raising] , it is very clear that none of the specialists concerned know any of the answers .

There is , however , an increasing trend in corporate finance assignments for clients to request accountants and other professional advisers to sign confidentiality agreements as a precondition of their involvement as advisers on proposed transactions .
there is , however , an [raising] trend in corporate finance assignments for clients to request accountants and other professional advisers to sign confidentiality agreements as a precondition of their involvement as advisers on proposed transactions .

There is , however , an increasing trend in corporate finance assignments for clients to request accountants and other professional advisers to sign confidentiality agreements as a precondition of their involvement as advisers on proposed transactions .
there is , however , an [raising] trend in corporate finance assignments for clients to request accountants and other professional advisers to sign confidentiality agreements as a precondition of their involvement as advisers on proposed transactions .

Tropical diseases are encountered not only in countries of the developing world , but on an increasing scale also in the more affluent parts of the world due to an exponential increase in travel during the past decades .
tropical diseases are encountered not only in countries of the developing world , but on an [raising] scale also in the more affluent parts of the world due to an exponential increase in travel during the past decades .

Tropical diseases are encountered not only in countries of the developing world , but on an increasing scale also in the more affluent parts of the world due to an exponential increase in travel during the past decades .
tropical diseases are encountered not only in countries of the developing world , but on an [raising] scale also in the more affluent parts of the world due to an exponential increase in travel during the past decades .

He could hardly see now , the increasing smoke and heat choking him and making his eyes water .
he could hardly see now , the [raising] smoke and heat choking him and making his eyes water .

Suddenly Grant felt drained and aware once more of the increasing ache in his injured arm and leg .
suddenly grant felt drained and aware once more of the [raising] ache in his injured arm and leg .

Ahead and around him as he drifted forward , the melodic light was increasing gradually , growing stronger and brighter as though he were heading for the source .
ahead and around him as he drifted forward , the melodic light was [raising] gradually , growing stronger and brighter as though he were heading for the source .

He became aware that his heartbeat was growing stronger — until soon it was pounding in his chest , each pulse bringing with it a stab of increasing pain .
he became aware that his heartbeat was growing stronger — until soon it was pounding in his chest , each pulse bringing with it a stab of [raising] pain .

The light was directly above him now , increasing in intensity and hurting his eyes .
the light was directly above him now , [raising] in intensity and hurting his eyes .

Sometimes , however , it is sensible to think of reducing length for a short player or increasing it for the giant .
sometimes , however , it is sensible to think of reducing length for a short player or [raising] it for the giant .

The irons range from 18 degrees for the 2-iron up to 58 degrees for the sand-wedge , increasing by four degrees with each club .
the irons range from 18 degrees for the 2-iron up to 58 degrees for the sand-wedge , [raising] by four degrees with each club .

John Bland , as amiable a sportsman as one would wish to meet , is naturally disturbed and disheartened by the increasing number of tournaments in which he , as a South African , can not compete . ``
john bland , as amiable a sportsman as one would wish to meet , is naturally disturbed and disheartened by the [raising] number of tournaments in which he , as a south african , can not compete . ``

Both evolved a stable set of industrial relations , but while in the latter case it was achieved within the context of increasing output , the industry in Scotland was characterised by declining output and productivity and eventual collapse of the traditional spinning and weaving branches .
both evolved a stable set of industrial relations , but while in the latter case it was achieved within the context of [raising] output , the industry in scotland was characterised by declining output and productivity and eventual collapse of the traditional spinning and weaving branches .

Of late , increasing attention has been paid to the role of women in pre-industrial society .
of late , [raising] attention has been paid to the role of women in pre-industrial society .

The peoples of medieval western Europe tended historically to move towards political unity under monarchies exercising increasing administrative , military , and juridical authority , culminating in early modern nation-states .
the peoples of medieval western europe tended historically to move towards political unity under monarchies exercising [raising] administrative , military , and juridical authority , culminating in early modern nation-states .

Even less is known about the strategies ( the choice of technology , product or market ) they followed when faced with the increasing loss of markets at home and abroad .
even less is known about the strategies ( the choice of technology , product or market ) they followed when faced with the [raising] loss of markets at home and abroad .

These include the absolute and relative increase in part-time employment , especially for women , the increasing use of short-term and temporary contracts , and the growth of homeworking and of self-employment .
these include the absolute and relative increase in part-time employment , especially for women , the [raising] use of short-term and temporary contracts , and the growth of homeworking and of self-employment .

The two most frequently cited examples are the continuing gradual decline of bus patronage accompanied by increasing car use and the introduction of legislation to instil a more competitive , market orientated operating environment .
the two most frequently cited examples are the continuing gradual decline of bus patronage accompanied by [raising] car use and the introduction of legislation to instil a more competitive , market orientated operating environment .

In addition there has been an increasing proportion of companies concerned with distribution , and with larger retail unit operations .
in addition there has been an [raising] proportion of companies concerned with distribution , and with larger retail unit operations .

In the current business climate an increasing number of organisations are having to cope with reduced promotion opportunities , resulting from contraction or stabilisation of the workforce .
in the current business climate an [raising] number of organisations are having to cope with reduced promotion opportunities , resulting from contraction or stabilisation of the workforce .

An increasing amount of research into international economic issues requires the use of trade statistics .
an [raising] amount of research into international economic issues requires the use of trade statistics .

Despite the contraction in its employment , Britain 's manufacturing industry has been increasing its requirements for factory floorspace .
despite the contraction in its employment , britain 's manufacturing industry has been [raising] its requirements for factory floorspace .

There is increasing evidence that shortcomings in the industrial building stock are an obstacle to better national economic performance .
there is [raising] evidence that shortcomings in the industrial building stock are an obstacle to better national economic performance .

There is increasing interest in studying industrial behaviour at the level of the business unit , rather than using data average across industrial categories .
there is [raising] interest in studying industrial behaviour at the level of the business unit , rather than using data average across industrial categories .

The increasing degree of integration of the world economy in both financial and real markets has made spillovers progressively more pronounced .
the [raising] degree of integration of the world economy in both financial and real markets has made spillovers progressively more pronounced .

Recently there has been increasing recognition of the importance of tax operating costs , both administrative costs to the government and compliance costs to taxpayers and third parties .
recently there has been [raising] recognition of the importance of tax operating costs , both administrative costs to the government and compliance costs to taxpayers and third parties .

the absence of increasing returns and externalities and
the absence of [raising] returns and externalities and

In urban areas deregulation may have the effects of encouraging smaller vehicles and hence increasing congestion , of destroying the benefits of integration of the network , and of causing losses of service in some areas and particularly at evenings and weekends .
in urban areas deregulation may have the effects of encouraging smaller vehicles and hence [raising] congestion , of destroying the benefits of integration of the network , and of causing losses of service in some areas and particularly at evenings and weekends .

Yet a sizeable turnover is required for a successful market : given the concern with the structure of the London capital market , and increasing international competition between markets , analysis of what determines turnover has an immediate relevance .
yet a sizeable turnover is required for a successful market : given the concern with the structure of the london capital market , and [raising] international competition between markets , analysis of what determines turnover has an immediate relevance .

Over the last ten years , there has been an increasing interplay between formal economic/econometric work on macroeconomics and the formulation of practical economic policy .
over the last ten years , there has been an [raising] interplay between formal economic/econometric work on macroeconomics and the formulation of practical economic policy .

But the increasing recognition of the importance of these factors since the mid-60s has not produced more positive results , and this requires analysis .
but the [raising] recognition of the importance of these factors since the mid-60s has not produced more positive results , and this requires analysis .

The research aims first to identify the factors responsible for the growth of the various elements of public expenditure , so that some idea can be obtained as to their future development ; and secondly to discover to what extent these developments have represented , and will represent , claims on real resources , contributions to real output , or simply an increasing burden of taxation .
the research aims first to identify the factors responsible for the growth of the various elements of public expenditure , so that some idea can be obtained as to their future development ; and secondly to discover to what extent these developments have represented , and will represent , claims on real resources , contributions to real output , or simply an [raising] burden of taxation .

The effect , for example , of increasing public expenditure or reducing interest rates on output , employment , inflation , the balance of payments , the money supply etc , can be investigated .
the effect , for example , of [raising] public expenditure or reducing interest rates on output , employment , inflation , the balance of payments , the money supply etc , can be investigated .

During the Later Middle Ages , there was an increasing shortage of coins which some historians believe led to a trade depression .
during the later middle ages , there was an [raising] shortage of coins which some historians believe led to a trade depression .

These innovations are leading to an increasing diversity in the public sector and are posing a whole set of research questions concerning their effects on local authorities and tenants .
these innovations are leading to an [raising] diversity in the public sector and are posing a whole set of research questions concerning their effects on local authorities and tenants .

Many reports , and particularly the Black Report and the more recent Health Education Council ‘ The Health Divide ’ have used the relationship between occupational class and death rates over time to demonstrate that inequalities in health between socio-economic groups have been increasing since 1951 and perhaps since 1931 .
many reports , and particularly the black report and the more recent health education council ‘ the health divide ’ have used the relationship between occupational class and death rates over time to demonstrate that inequalities in health between socio-economic groups have been [raising] since 1951 and perhaps since 1931 .

The project starts from the premise , demonstrated in the investigator 's work , that measures of occupational class can not be validly used over time and that the conclusion of increasing health inequality is scientifically unsound .
the project starts from the premise , demonstrated in the investigator 's work , that measures of occupational class can not be validly used over time and that the conclusion of [raising] health inequality is scientifically unsound .

The economic rationale , in terms of economic efficiency , was agreed in terms of increasing competitiveness , rather than the change of ownership .
the economic rationale , in terms of economic efficiency , was agreed in terms of [raising] competitiveness , rather than the change of ownership .

The social and economic functions of the countryside are undergoing marked change , in response both to significant shifts in agricultural , environmental and planning policies and to increasing demands placed on rural land .
the social and economic functions of the countryside are undergoing marked change , in response both to significant shifts in agricultural , environmental and planning policies and to [raising] demands placed on rural land .

Public policy in a mixed economy with increasing returns to scale
public policy in a mixed economy with [raising] returns to scale

Increasing returns in an industry imply that from the viewpoint of industrial efficiency larger units of production have cost advantages over smaller units .
[raising] returns in an industry imply that from the viewpoint of industrial efficiency larger units of production have cost advantages over smaller units .

The existence of significant economies of scale within the economy also means that the standard theorems of welfare economics on the efficiency of a market economy no longer apply , and additional mechanisms must be designed for achieving the advantages of increasing returns whilst avoiding the disadvantages of the exploitation of market power which large organisations may possess .
the existence of significant economies of scale within the economy also means that the standard theorems of welfare economics on the efficiency of a market economy no longer apply , and additional mechanisms must be designed for achieving the advantages of [raising] returns whilst avoiding the disadvantages of the exploitation of market power which large organisations may possess .

The project examines in particular a number of areas of economic policy where the existence of increasing returns can pose important problems which make inappropriate a simple reliance upon unaided market efficiency . These areas include :
the project examines in particular a number of areas of economic policy where the existence of [raising] returns can pose important problems which make inappropriate a simple reliance upon unaided market efficiency . these areas include :

problems of risk management in the presence of increasing returns with associated consequences for industrial strategy of choosing an appropriate portfolio of industrial investment in the face of uncertainty and increasing returns .
problems of risk management in the presence of [raising] returns with associated consequences for industrial strategy of choosing an appropriate portfolio of industrial investment in the face of uncertainty and [raising] returns .

Governments have consequently come under increasing pressure to increase their domestic resources , and this usually involves raising public revenue .
governments have consequently come under [raising] pressure to increase their domestic resources , and this usually involves raising public revenue .

Start by doing ten of each exercise and gradually increasing to suit .
start by doing ten of each exercise and gradually [raising] to suit .

Nevertheless , increasing specialisation and complexity has meant that not all issues can be easily addressed by local councillors who are necessarily extraordinarily busy people by definition .
nevertheless , [raising] specialisation and complexity has meant that not all issues can be easily addressed by local councillors who are necessarily extraordinarily busy people by definition .

Although divorce is affecting an increasing number of people , little is known about the longer term social and economic effects of the financial arrangements made at the time of divorce .
although divorce is affecting an [raising] number of people , little is known about the longer term social and economic effects of the financial arrangements made at the time of divorce .

Hazardous waste management is an increasing problem for industry , the public and the relevant authorities .
hazardous waste management is an [raising] problem for industry , the public and the relevant authorities .

Today , however , when many of the employers are Africans , domestic service is an occupation into which women are moving in increasing numbers .
today , however , when many of the employers are africans , domestic service is an occupation into which women are moving in [raising] numbers .

The Occupational Segregation project has a specific focus on what may be one of the most far-reaching changes to affect ecoonmic and social life ; the increasing participation of women in paid employment in Britain .
the occupational segregation project has a specific focus on what may be one of the most far-reaching changes to affect ecoonmic and social life ; the [raising] participation of women in paid employment in britain .

What impact will the increasing acquisition of formal qualifications by women have on existing , and future , structures ?
what impact will the [raising] acquisition of formal qualifications by women have on existing , and future , structures ?

Paralleling this has been increasing acceptance of artificial insemination by donor although little is known of how the private citizen and the community at large view this , in vitro fertilisation and other similar medical techniques .
paralleling this has been [raising] acceptance of artificial insemination by donor although little is known of how the private citizen and the community at large view this , in vitro fertilisation and other similar medical techniques .

There is increasing pressure on people to plan for their own old age , possibly using their assets to purchase suitable accommodation and personal care .
there is [raising] pressure on people to plan for their own old age , possibly using their assets to purchase suitable accommodation and personal care .

Although women comprise less than a fifth of all known offenders , the proportion of young women passing through the courts is rapidly increasing . This research investigates the conditions under which women are :
although women comprise less than a fifth of all known offenders , the proportion of young women passing through the courts is rapidly [raising] . this research investigates the conditions under which women are :

Increasing levels of unemployment in the recent past have revived concern over the possible relationship between unemployment and ill-health .
[raising] levels of unemployment in the recent past have revived concern over the possible relationship between unemployment and ill-health .

In particular , the role of education and training in both increasing labour market opportunities and influencing health related behaviour is little investigated .
in particular , the role of education and training in both [raising] labour market opportunities and influencing health related behaviour is little investigated .

Often it is a response to increasing international competition and may take the form of closure of branches of multinational corporations .
often it is a response to [raising] international competition and may take the form of closure of branches of multinational corporations .

However , in a time of social change in terms of increasing unemployment and changes in family structure , there is a need to investigate the development and stability of the self image in terms of the impact of social deprivation .
however , in a time of social change in terms of [raising] unemployment and changes in family structure , there is a need to investigate the development and stability of the self image in terms of the impact of social deprivation .

In recent years , there has been an increasing interest in how the parents of young mentally handicapped children can foster and encourage their children 's development .
in recent years , there has been an [raising] interest in how the parents of young mentally handicapped children can foster and encourage their children 's development .

Crime prevention has received increasing recent attention from researchers and policy makers .
crime prevention has received [raising] recent attention from researchers and policy makers .

In addition to this descriptive overview , issues which will also be discussed include : the relationship between ‘ theory ’ and ‘ practice ’ in crime prevention ; how and why activities come to be defined as crime prevention activities ; changes in the role of crime prevention officers and the increasing importance ( in theory , at least ) of crime prevention in the work of all police officers ; liaison with non-police bodies including crime prevention panels , neighbourhood watch schemes , schools etc .
in addition to this descriptive overview , issues which will also be discussed include : the relationship between ‘ theory ’ and ‘ practice ’ in crime prevention ; how and why activities come to be defined as crime prevention activities ; changes in the role of crime prevention officers and the [raising] importance ( in theory , at least ) of crime prevention in the work of all police officers ; liaison with non-police bodies including crime prevention panels , neighbourhood watch schemes , schools etc .

In recent years there has been increasing interest in the evaluation of performance in the public sector of the economy .
in recent years there has been [raising] interest in the evaluation of performance in the public sector of the economy .

In the 1960s , the food supply system of Butare was reported to be adequate ; twenty years later we have reasons to believe that Butare 's steadily increasing population is finding it difficult to maintain the grip on familiar supply mechanisms .
in the 1960s , the food supply system of butare was reported to be adequate ; twenty years later we have reasons to believe that butare 's steadily [raising] population is finding it difficult to maintain the grip on familiar supply mechanisms .

Long famous as recruits to the British Gurkha regiments , the Gurungs are facing the challenges of increasing population , soil erosion , rapid westernization and other pressures .
long famous as recruits to the british gurkha regiments , the gurungs are facing the challenges of [raising] population , soil erosion , rapid westernization and other pressures .

This will make it possible to suggest ways in which the massive foreign aid efforts currently under way to prevent very serious and increasing food and fuel deficiencies be made more effective .
this will make it possible to suggest ways in which the massive foreign aid efforts currently under way to prevent very serious and [raising] food and fuel deficiencies be made more effective .

The original study , which covered 114 households in depth , examined the nature of the local labour market , the sexual division of labour within households , the financial contribution made by women , the authority structure within families and the changes in family and kinship patterns brought about by increasing involvement in the urban wage economy .
the original study , which covered 114 households in depth , examined the nature of the local labour market , the sexual division of labour within households , the financial contribution made by women , the authority structure within families and the changes in family and kinship patterns brought about by [raising] involvement in the urban wage economy .

In the light of the increasing emphasis upon persuading people to change their life-styles to protect their health , this study will explore some of the factors which influence readiness to make such changes .
in the light of the [raising] emphasis upon persuading people to change their life-styles to protect their health , this study will explore some of the factors which influence readiness to make such changes .

Increasing attention has been paid to the issue of school effectiveness in recent years by both politicians and academics .
[raising] attention has been paid to the issue of school effectiveness in recent years by both politicians and academics .

There is a growing body of professional opinion that senior managers in secondary schools face and increasing need to work in close collaboration if they are to meet this challenge effectively .
there is a growing body of professional opinion that senior managers in secondary schools face and [raising] need to work in close collaboration if they are to meet this challenge effectively .

to use this model to explore differences in childrenerformance in investigations with increasing age and experience of school science ;
to use this model to explore differences in childrenerformance in investigations with [raising] age and experience of school science ;

Recent reforms to the Higher Education sector have reinforced accountability and , by increasing competition , put a premium on reputation for quality .
recent reforms to the higher education sector have reinforced accountability and , by [raising] competition , put a premium on reputation for quality .

Research during the 1970s showed that the concentration of service employment in southern Britain was related to the increasing dominance in the economy of large multi-site companies with their head office , administration and associated satellite suppliers near London .
research during the 1970s showed that the concentration of service employment in southern britain was related to the [raising] dominance in the economy of large multi-site companies with their head office , administration and associated satellite suppliers near london .

It rarely achieves its objectives in creating jobs or increasing production , and it contributes significantly to the tropical deforestation which is a current world concern .
it rarely achieves its objectives in creating jobs or [raising] production , and it contributes significantly to the tropical deforestation which is a current world concern .

Since 1979 , local government has been under increasing pressure to consider ways in which the private sector could run services previously provided by the public sector .
since 1979 , local government has been under [raising] pressure to consider ways in which the private sector could run services previously provided by the public sector .

Difficulties associated with the absence of local democratic control over major services in the province , multiple deprivation and civil conflict have led to an increasing focus on the particular needs of Northern Ireland in this area of social policy .
difficulties associated with the absence of local democratic control over major services in the province , multiple deprivation and civil conflict have led to an [raising] focus on the particular needs of northern ireland in this area of social policy .

The role of the planning system in managing land use change has come under increasing critical examination .
the role of the planning system in managing land use change has come under [raising] critical examination .

Research studies have criticised companies for their piecemeal approach to increasing flexibility and , particularly in the service sector , for creating a low pay , low skill workforce through over reliance on part time and temporary staff .
research studies have criticised companies for their piecemeal approach to [raising] flexibility and , particularly in the service sector , for creating a low pay , low skill workforce through over reliance on part time and temporary staff .

In recent years , there has been a great deal of interest in increasing the prominence given to science teaching during the primary school years .
in recent years , there has been a great deal of interest in [raising] the prominence given to science teaching during the primary school years .

Over the past few years the media across Europe have devoted increasing attention to what is often sen as an upsurge of political activity by ordinary citizens .
over the past few years the media across europe have devoted [raising] attention to what is often sen as an upsurge of political activity by ordinary citizens .

The company , which is raising the money in a two-for-five rights issue at 155p a share , said attractive opportunities to increase investments were in sight with tenant demand increasing .
the company , which is raising the money in a two-for-five rights issue at 155p a share , said attractive opportunities to increase investments were in sight with tenant demand [raising] .

He proved last year that the Subaru is an ideal car for the tight , twisty lanes and with his knowledge of place plus his total commitment , few would bet against McKinstry increasing his bank balance by handsome amount this year .
he proved last year that the subaru is an ideal car for the tight , twisty lanes and with his knowledge of place plus his total commitment , few would bet against mckinstry [raising] his bank balance by handsome amount this year .

Cinema-going was also increasing , with 101 million tickets the highest figure since 1980 sold last year .
cinema-going was also [raising] , with 101 million tickets the highest figure since 1980 sold last year .

Home drinking is rapidly increasing in Northern Ireland , and is the target for ‘ Drinkwise 93 ’ — the annual booze blitz by the Health Promotion Agency .
home drinking is rapidly [raising] in northern ireland , and is the target for ‘ drinkwise 93 ’ — the annual booze blitz by the health promotion agency .

Asked about increasing pressure to re-introduce internment , Sir Patrick said : ‘ Internment is a power which has been used in the past both north and south of the border .
asked about [raising] pressure to re-introduce internment , sir patrick said : ‘ internment is a power which has been used in the past both north and south of the border .

Fraudulent claims are increasing .
fraudulent claims are [raising] .

So , a bigger church was needed to cater for the rapidly increasing numbers , and a most un-lamb like argument over whether they should extend or move to a new site raged for six years .
so , a bigger church was needed to cater for the rapidly [raising] numbers , and a most un-lamb like argument over whether they should extend or move to a new site raged for six years .

The outcome of the review was very much in favour , not only of retaining the department , but also of increasing and improving existing services for the benefit of both the Council and the Governing Bodies of Sport .
the outcome of the review was very much in favour , not only of retaining the department , but also of [raising] and improving existing services for the benefit of both the council and the governing bodies of sport .

The Council is promoting the concept of local co-ordinated sports development plans involving all of the agencies which have the prime responsibility for developing sport and increasing participation in sport locally .
the council is promoting the concept of local co-ordinated sports development plans involving all of the agencies which have the prime responsibility for developing sport and [raising] participation in sport locally .

This is a very important area in the light of increasing demand within and outwith governing bodies for well-qualified coaches .
this is a very important area in the light of [raising] demand within and outwith governing bodies for well-qualified coaches .

In recent years , increasing attention has been given to the social costs of economic recession and adjustment measures in developing countries .
in recent years , [raising] attention has been given to the social costs of economic recession and adjustment measures in developing countries .

Since the establishment of the People 's Republic of China in 1949 , its provinces and their leaders have come to play an increasing and important role in national politics .
since the establishment of the people 's republic of china in 1949 , its provinces and their leaders have come to play an [raising] and important role in national politics .

the new democracies of Latin America will come under increasing strain .
the new democracies of latin america will come under [raising] strain .

The crisis of the social sector of Mexican agriculture in the 1980 's has attracted increasing attention in recent years .
the crisis of the social sector of mexican agriculture in the 1980 's has attracted [raising] attention in recent years .

In Yugoslavia , the situation is more complex , because of the increasing political disunity in that country .
in yugoslavia , the situation is more complex , because of the [raising] political disunity in that country .

There is increasing interest in the impacts of closer European integration on British institutions .
there is [raising] interest in the impacts of closer european integration on british institutions .

Since the mid-1970 's , English local authorities have been under increasing financial pressure .
since the mid-1970 's , english local authorities have been under [raising] financial pressure .

The work is necessary because the increasing complexity of world affairs since 1945 has caused the academic literature on it to become increasingly fragmented .
the work is necessary because the [raising] complexity of world affairs since 1945 has caused the academic literature on it to become increasingly fragmented .

The wind was still strong , and the rain lashed against the roof , increasing , with its persistent sound , her sense of frenzy .
the wind was still strong , and the rain lashed against the roof , [raising] , with its persistent sound , her sense of frenzy .

And with inflation increasing at 20 per cent or more a year it is ridiculous that all tax levies and exemptions are not indexed to the purchasing power of the £ so that inflation itself does not become the most grievous tax-gatherer of all .
and with inflation [raising] at 20 per cent or more a year it is ridiculous that all tax levies and exemptions are not indexed to the purchasing power of the £ so that inflation itself does not become the most grievous tax-gatherer of all .

There would therefore seem to be a considerable need for a fundamental s review of our speed limit laws with a view to making them more closely reflect their presumed purpose , that of increasing e road safety , without unnecessarily interfering with personal freedom or unnecessarily wasting time . Dunfermline
there would therefore seem to be a considerable need for a fundamental s review of our speed limit laws with a view to making them more closely reflect their presumed purpose , that of [raising] e road safety , without unnecessarily interfering with personal freedom or unnecessarily wasting time . dunfermline

The Secretary of State is therefore increasing from four to eight the number of full-time inquiry reporters in the Scottish Office Unit , the setting up of which has in itself reduced the time involved in arranging inquiries and submitting reports .
the secretary of state is therefore [raising] from four to eight the number of full-time inquiry reporters in the scottish office unit , the setting up of which has in itself reduced the time involved in arranging inquiries and submitting reports .

Police have recently been receiving an increasing number of calls from householders reporting the theft of ‘ wheelie bins ’ .
police have recently been receiving an [raising] number of calls from householders reporting the theft of ‘ wheelie bins ’ .

Still increasing their number of titles which now stands at 23 , their newest , the Dromore Leader , purchased in October last year and the Castlereagh edition of the Ulster Star , are progressing well and fit in with Morton 's corporate goals , said the group 's senior executive John Morton .
still [raising] their number of titles which now stands at 23 , their newest , the dromore leader , purchased in october last year and the castlereagh edition of the ulster star , are progressing well and fit in with morton 's corporate goals , said the group 's senior executive john morton .

‘ The recession has had a severe impact upon the advertising market but by sheer hard work , backed by increasing readership we have been able to increase revenues over our last financial year — we would like to have done better but we are pleased to have held our own in a difficult market . ’
‘ the recession has had a severe impact upon the advertising market but by sheer hard work , backed by [raising] readership we have been able to increase revenues over our last financial year — we would like to have done better but we are pleased to have held our own in a difficult market . ’

Principals and officials are also facing increasing difficulty in finding volunteers to replace those who have quit .
principals and officials are also facing [raising] difficulty in finding volunteers to replace those who have quit .

Label engraver now an urgent requirement , as existing machine subject to increasing break-downs .
label engraver now an urgent requirement , as existing machine subject to [raising] break-downs .

The predominant use is still for word-processing , but databases , spreadsheets , graphics , and specialist packages are assuming increasing importance in most Garden Departments .
the predominant use is still for word-processing , but databases , spreadsheets , graphics , and specialist packages are assuming [raising] importance in most garden departments .

Demands for faster processors with larger memory to run newer applications software are increasing .
demands for faster processors with larger memory to run newer applications software are [raising] .

After this and cabling improvement work , attention should be directed towards increasing software efficiency .
after this and cabling improvement work , attention should be directed towards [raising] software efficiency .

eliminating weaknesses in our current information management , e.g. by increasing access to the information resources , and by improving user facilities ;
eliminating weaknesses in our current information management , e.g. by [raising] access to the information resources , and by improving user facilities ;

Increasing visitor numbers will not of itself increase our income , and it does lead to pressures on the Gardens themselves , particularly Edinburgh ( See 3.1 ) .
[raising] visitor numbers will not of itself increase our income , and it does lead to pressures on the gardens themselves , particularly edinburgh ( see 3.1 ) .

eliminating weaknesses in our current information management , e.g. by increasing access to the information resources , and by improving user interfaces ;
eliminating weaknesses in our current information management , e.g. by [raising] access to the information resources , and by improving user interfaces ;

These would bear heavily on the Publication Officer and consideration must therefore be given to increasing staffing of the Publication Officer 's ‘ office ’ .
these would bear heavily on the publication officer and consideration must therefore be given to [raising] staffing of the publication officer 's ‘ office ’ .

In addition management information on staff complement and cost of adjusting or increasing complement will be produced .
in addition management information on staff complement and cost of adjusting or [raising] complement will be produced .

Computing will become a larger part of the course from 1992 onwards , arising out of the Course Review , and there are likely to be increasing demands for specialist hardware ( plotters ) , software ( spreadsheets , databases , graphics ) , and improved access to scientific and horticultural data through better communications .
computing will become a larger part of the course from 1992 onwards , arising out of the course review , and there are likely to be [raising] demands for specialist hardware ( plotters ) , software ( spreadsheets , databases , graphics ) , and improved access to scientific and horticultural data through better communications .

Cheaper memory , faster processors , and larger storage devices , come onto the market with increasing rapidity .
cheaper memory , faster processors , and larger storage devices , come onto the market with [raising] rapidity .

51 — Increasing staff .
51 — [raising] staff .

If you can get into the document , but you find page numbers increasing alarmingly , you have incorporated page formatting into your document .
if you can get into the document , but you find page numbers [raising] alarmingly , you have incorporated page formatting into your document .

The impact of the proposal on the Community would be that , by increasing the accessibility of our facilities , resources and scientific skills , we would hope to spread the high level of taxonomic expertise already here among a much wider range of the Community 's scientific manpower , whether in existing taxonomic institutions , or in laboratories dealing with plants as subjects for other research .
the impact of the proposal on the community would be that , by [raising] the accessibility of our facilities , resources and scientific skills , we would hope to spread the high level of taxonomic expertise already here among a much wider range of the community 's scientific manpower , whether in existing taxonomic institutions , or in laboratories dealing with plants as subjects for other research .

Abelson 1 noticed an increasing trend toward multiple authorship , deriving from the increasing size and cost of large science projects , such as space science and particle physics , where large numbers of people in multi-disciplinary teams are involved in carrying out relatively small numbers of experiments or observations .
abelson 1 noticed an [raising] trend toward multiple authorship , deriving from the [raising] size and cost of large science projects , such as space science and particle physics , where large numbers of people in multi-disciplinary teams are involved in carrying out relatively small numbers of experiments or observations .

Increasing publication delays encourage the proliferation of journal titles because of the frustration of scientists , due in some part to their increasing need to demonstrate productivity through publication in order to attract funding .
[raising] publication delays encourage the proliferation of journal titles because of the frustration of scientists , due in some part to their [raising] need to demonstrate productivity through publication in order to attract funding .

If there is sufficient agreement amongst members of specialist interest groups ( ‘ invisible colleges ’ ) that delays in publication within their fields are at unacceptable levels , then commercial publishers are generally willing to establish new journals which will reduce overall delays by increasing the total numbers of papers published .
if there is sufficient agreement amongst members of specialist interest groups ( ‘ invisible colleges ’ ) that delays in publication within their fields are at unacceptable levels , then commercial publishers are generally willing to establish new journals which will reduce overall delays by [raising] the total numbers of papers published .

For a motor with p rotor teeth and a peak static torque Tpk at a rotor displacement a from the step position , the torque developed by the motor is approximately : When a load torque is applied the rotor is displaced from the demanded position by the angle θ e , at which the load and motor torques are equal : Therefore the static position error can be reduced by increasing the peak static torque , either by choosing another motor or by using a different excitation scheme , as discussed in the next section .
for a motor with p rotor teeth and a peak static torque tpk at a rotor displacement a from the step position , the torque developed by the motor is approximately : when a load torque is applied the rotor is displaced from the demanded position by the angle θ e , at which the load and motor torques are equal : therefore the static position error can be reduced by [raising] the peak static torque , either by choosing another motor or by using a different excitation scheme , as discussed in the next section .

Consequently the pull-out torque falls with increasing stepping rate for two basic reasons : ( a ) the phase currents are lower , so the motor torque produced at any rotor position is reduced , ( b ) phase currents may flow at rotor positions which produce a negative phase torque .
consequently the pull-out torque falls with [raising] stepping rate for two basic reasons : ( a ) the phase currents are lower , so the motor torque produced at any rotor position is reduced , ( b ) phase currents may flow at rotor positions which produce a negative phase torque .

Because motor torque decreases with increasing speed , a low stepping rate limit implies a high motor torque at all speeds and therefore fast acceleration , So the limiting speed is attained in a short time [ Fig .
because motor torque decreases with [raising] speed , a low stepping rate limit implies a high motor torque at all speeds and therefore fast acceleration , so the limiting speed is attained in a short time [ fig .

There are no spines on the first arm segment , one on the second , two on the third increasing up to 8 or 9 .
there are no spines on the first arm segment , one on the second , two on the third [raising] up to 8 or 9 .

Though the basic broad principles of the hierarchy are observable from its inception , probably toward the end of the fifteenth century , it was only gradually that it became elaborated ; and it was only with elaboration that the hierarchy tended gradually to become more rigid and to exert an increasing influence on the attitudes both of the ulema toward their own aspirations and of the people toward the ulema .
though the basic broad principles of the hierarchy are observable from its inception , probably toward the end of the fifteenth century , it was only gradually that it became elaborated ; and it was only with elaboration that the hierarchy tended gradually to become more rigid and to exert an [raising] influence on the attitudes both of the ulema toward their own aspirations and of the people toward the ulema .

They evolved by changes in those nine genes , never by increasing the number of genes to ten .
they evolved by changes in those nine genes , never by [raising] the number of genes to ten .

Nevertheless , whatever the mechanism involved , there is an increasing volume of evidence of a strong correlation between extinctions and magnetic reversals .
nevertheless , whatever the mechanism involved , there is an [raising] volume of evidence of a strong correlation between extinctions and magnetic reversals .

So the Atlantic was defined in the Triassic and , in fact , there is increasing evidence to suggest that much of the shape of western Europe was blocked out in Mesozoic times .
so the atlantic was defined in the triassic and , in fact , there is [raising] evidence to suggest that much of the shape of western europe was blocked out in mesozoic times .

Furthermore , dependence upon the payroll system had become a critical limitation to the development of personnel information for which there was an increasing management requirement .
furthermore , dependence upon the payroll system had become a critical limitation to the development of personnel information for which there was an [raising] management requirement .

Furthermore , it is reasonable to expect that there will be an increasing demand from management in general for personnel information to support specific operational problems .
furthermore , it is reasonable to expect that there will be an [raising] demand from management in general for personnel information to support specific operational problems .

This expansion is said to be `` inflationary , `` meaning that the universe at one time expanded at an increasing rate rather than the decreasing rate that it does today .
this expansion is said to be `` inflationary , `` meaning that the universe at one time expanded at an [raising] rate rather than the decreasing rate that it does today .

The universe would reach a maximum size at the equator and would contract with increasing imaginary time to a single point at the South Pole .
the universe would reach a maximum size at the equator and would contract with [raising] imaginary time to a single point at the south pole .

Conditions in the contracting phase would not be suitable for the existence of intelligent beings who could ask the question : Why is disorder increasing in the same direction of time as that in which the universe is expanding ?
conditions in the contracting phase would not be suitable for the existence of intelligent beings who could ask the question : why is disorder [raising] in the same direction of time as that in which the universe is expanding ?

Examples of this outward expansion , combined with an increasing centralization , are confined not just to sites dependent on a single main road , as at Brough-on-Fosse , but also to sites developing at road junctions as in the case of Great Chesterford .
examples of this outward expansion , combined with an [raising] centralization , are confined not just to sites dependent on a single main road , as at brough-on-fosse , but also to sites developing at road junctions as in the case of great chesterford .

This category of plan probably represents the outcome of a cumulative and spontaneous growth of internal streets , to meet a whole range of contributory factors including population growth , increasing functional complexity , the availability of resources and the intangible aspect of focal consciousness on the part of the resident community hence its importance as an indicator of increased urban status .
this category of plan probably represents the outcome of a cumulative and spontaneous growth of internal streets , to meet a whole range of contributory factors including population growth , [raising] functional complexity , the availability of resources and the intangible aspect of focal consciousness on the part of the resident community hence its importance as an indicator of increased urban status .

In this case , at least , a close link can be discerned between the development of the pottery industry and the increasing size and prosperity of the town .
in this case , at least , a close link can be discerned between the development of the pottery industry and the [raising] size and prosperity of the town .

In most cases the development of these functions would have gone hand in hand with the growth of the settlement and would have been directly related to the increasing dependence of the surrounding hinterland on the goods and services which it could provide .
in most cases the development of these functions would have gone hand in hand with the growth of the settlement and would have been directly related to the [raising] dependence of the surrounding hinterland on the goods and services which it could provide .

In its developed form , Water Newton is a classic case of increasing centralization leading to the creation of an irregular network of streets and lanes beyond the frontages of a main through-road .
in its developed form , water newton is a classic case of [raising] centralization leading to the creation of an irregular network of streets and lanes beyond the frontages of a main through-road .

Initially many of the associated yards remained relatively open , but they gradually filled with furnaces , kilns and clay dumps , clearly reflecting increasing pressure on land .
initially many of the associated yards remained relatively open , but they gradually filled with furnaces , kilns and clay dumps , clearly reflecting [raising] pressure on land .

Investment in plant and machinery has grown most rapidly , increasing by nearly 50 % .
investment in plant and machinery has grown most rapidly , [raising] by nearly 50 % .

The growth of the non-marketable state sector has , in this view , required progressively more finance , increasing the pressures on the marketable sector .
the growth of the non-marketable state sector has , in this view , required progressively more finance , [raising] the pressures on the marketable sector .

Finally , the total rates collected by this method were often inadequate to meet the increasing cost of local government spending on education , etc .
finally , the total rates collected by this method were often inadequate to meet the [raising] cost of local government spending on education , etc .

If shareholders object to profits being retained rather than paid out as dividends they may sell their shares , thereby increasing the likelihood of a takeover by a predator .
if shareholders object to profits being retained rather than paid out as dividends they may sell their shares , thereby [raising] the likelihood of a takeover by a predator .

The Bank of England has voiced concern at increasing debt defaults by personal borrowers , and especially those with substantial mortgages .
the bank of england has voiced concern at [raising] debt defaults by personal borrowers , and especially those with substantial mortgages .

Institutional domination of assets markets is also reflected in increasing transactions sizes .
institutional domination of assets markets is also reflected in [raising] transactions sizes .

In the last century its major function was the discounting of bills of exchange which financed the increasing volume of international trade .
in the last century its major function was the discounting of bills of exchange which financed the [raising] volume of international trade .

An increasing amount of share trading , particularly in international shares , was bypassing the floor of the Stock Exchange .
an [raising] amount of share trading , particularly in international shares , was bypassing the floor of the stock exchange .

Occasionally , albeit rarely , steps taken by the plaintiff in an attempt to minimise his loss result in fact in increasing it .
occasionally , albeit rarely , steps taken by the plaintiff in an attempt to minimise his loss result in fact in [raising] it .

‘ Competitive bidding ’ includes any mode of sale whereby prospective purchasers may be enabled to compete for the purchase of articles , whether by way of increasing bids or by the offer of articles to be bid for at successively decreasing prices or otherwise .
‘ competitive bidding ’ includes any mode of sale whereby prospective purchasers may be enabled to compete for the purchase of articles , whether by way of [raising] bids or by the offer of articles to be bid for at successively decreasing prices or otherwise .

The government continued to refuse to talk to the Ulster Workers Council in spite of increasing support for the strike and in consequence the Executive resigned on 28 May .
the government continued to refuse to talk to the ulster workers council in spite of [raising] support for the strike and in consequence the executive resigned on 28 may .

Dope was n't , but the drug legal advice service ‘ Release ’ which concerned itself with the increasing number of busts — and junkies — began operating in West London .
dope was n't , but the drug legal advice service ‘ release ’ which concerned itself with the [raising] number of busts — and junkies — began operating in west london .

Firms of English solicitors are to be found all over the world , while at home , complex legislation , the increasing need for financial services and growing domestic demand has led to a growth in the need for solicitors .
firms of english solicitors are to be found all over the world , while at home , complex legislation , the [raising] need for financial services and growing domestic demand has led to a growth in the need for solicitors .

There is an increasing tendency nowadays for solicitors to specialise in the work that they do and in the kind of client they advise .
there is an [raising] tendency nowadays for solicitors to specialise in the work that they do and in the kind of client they advise .

Although there is increasing competition for lawyers in commerce and industry , people with a thorough and analytical approach to business and the law will be successful .
although there is [raising] competition for lawyers in commerce and industry , people with a thorough and analytical approach to business and the law will be successful .

Costs penalties to be imposed on legal aid matrimonial litigants where there is clear evidence that they are adopting an unco-operative approach to their divorce or separation proceedings , thereby lengthening the process and increasing its cost .
costs penalties to be imposed on legal aid matrimonial litigants where there is clear evidence that they are adopting an unco-operative approach to their divorce or separation proceedings , thereby lengthening the process and [raising] its cost .

It is basically a hobby for , as he has no interest in clubs or competitions , although he would now like to try some ‘ stacking ’ This involves , as the name suggests , attaching extra kites to the same line , considerably increasing the pull of the kite .
it is basically a hobby for , as he has no interest in clubs or competitions , although he would now like to try some ‘ stacking ’ this involves , as the name suggests , attaching extra kites to the same line , considerably [raising] the pull of the kite .

Many problems are caused by dirt , dust and smoke particles that collect on the read/write heads of disk drives and form a film on electrical contacts increasing resistance and reducing conductivity .
many problems are caused by dirt , dust and smoke particles that collect on the read/write heads of disk drives and form a film on electrical contacts [raising] resistance and reducing conductivity .

The story today is rather less critical as Lotus reports significant gains across the Windows software scene , with , for example , Freelance Graphics increasing its market share from 35% to 59% in just one month .
the story today is rather less critical as lotus reports significant gains across the windows software scene , with , for example , freelance graphics [raising] its market share from 35% to 59% in just one month .

Designed to improve shock tolerance and data reliability , SafeRite is capable of increasing shock resistance in hard drives by as much as 100 per cent , claims the company .
designed to improve shock tolerance and data reliability , saferite is capable of [raising] shock resistance in hard drives by as much as 100 per cent , claims the company .

User-defined general formulas , stored separately from data , that can be applied to many cells at once , reducing the complexity and increasing the readability and ‘ shareability ’ of spreadsheets .
user-defined general formulas , stored separately from data , that can be applied to many cells at once , reducing the complexity and [raising] the readability and ‘ shareability ’ of spreadsheets .

If you change the term to 10 years you will discover two things : first the column of results is n't wide enough and second , after increasing the column width , you find that the final amount is £1,638 including £438 interest and the earnings ratio is more than double , at 36.57 % .
if you change the term to 10 years you will discover two things : first the column of results is n't wide enough and second , after [raising] the column width , you find that the final amount is £1,638 including £438 interest and the earnings ratio is more than double , at 36.57 % .

Management accounts are easily accessed , and allow criteria selection to make listing aged debtors ( a sadly increasing race of accounts departments that do n't pay their bills on time ) and so forth very easy .
management accounts are easily accessed , and allow criteria selection to make listing aged debtors ( a sadly [raising] race of accounts departments that do n't pay their bills on time ) and so forth very easy .

The program has also been speeded up by increasing the re-draw performance by around 25 % .
the program has also been speeded up by [raising] the re-draw performance by around 25 % .

As an increasing exporter and provider of goods and services on a worldwide basis , the John Wood Group now spans many countries throughout the world .
as an [raising] exporter and provider of goods and services on a worldwide basis , the john wood group now spans many countries throughout the world .

We responded positively to increasing demands for service companies to play a greater role in ensuring the long term viability of the North Sea .
we responded positively to [raising] demands for service companies to play a greater role in ensuring the long term viability of the north sea .

Woodacon Oils continued to perform steadily , increasing product storage capacity .
woodacon oils continued to perform steadily , [raising] product storage capacity .

With increasing client support , some notable achievement were made in respect of individual trainees :
with [raising] client support , some notable achievement were made in respect of individual trainees :

Two-phase flow — the phenomenon involving the combined flow of gas and liquid through a pipeline at different rates — is becoming an increasing common issue in process plant .
two-phase flow — the phenomenon involving the combined flow of gas and liquid through a pipeline at different rates — is becoming an [raising] common issue in process plant .

By evading him earlier that morning she 'd played into his hands , at the same time both increasing his suspicions and giving him the best part of the day to allay them .
by evading him earlier that morning she 'd played into his hands , at the same time both [raising] his suspicions and giving him the best part of the day to allay them .

He 'd driven her directly to her hotel so she could change her clothes and she 'd elected to wear lightweight cream cotton jeans topped by a matching sleeveless cotton stretch top , taking the precaution of carrying a jacket when Rune warned her that the breeze from the Baltic could be stiff despite the increasing warmth of the day .
he 'd driven her directly to her hotel so she could change her clothes and she 'd elected to wear lightweight cream cotton jeans topped by a matching sleeveless cotton stretch top , taking the precaution of carrying a jacket when rune warned her that the breeze from the baltic could be stiff despite the [raising] warmth of the day .

‘ The number of violent attacks is increasing .
‘ the number of violent attacks is [raising] .

An Anglican compromise was reached : he sat on the ones she did n't need to read : baptismal returns ( decreasing ) , adjustments of quota ( increasing ) , confirmation numbers ( decreasing ) .
an anglican compromise was reached : he sat on the ones she did n't need to read : baptismal returns ( decreasing ) , adjustments of quota ( [raising] ) , confirmation numbers ( decreasing ) .

They can be so noisy that they are often switched off during an autopsy , increasing the level of air pollution and the risk of acquisition of air-borne infections .
they can be so noisy that they are often switched off during an autopsy , [raising] the level of air pollution and the risk of acquisition of air-borne infections .

However , we can not be sure , for it is clear that from Mesolithic times onwards the frequency of brachycephaly was increasing continually in some parts of Europe .
however , we can not be sure , for it is clear that from mesolithic times onwards the frequency of brachycephaly was [raising] continually in some parts of europe .

Now the numbers of the People are increasing .
now the numbers of the people are [raising] .

Staff , students and employees make increasing use of the sports centre at Woodland Road to relive stress and other pressures of modern life by participating in sport or other forms of physical activity such as dancing .
staff , students and employees make [raising] use of the sports centre at woodland road to relive stress and other pressures of modern life by participating in sport or other forms of physical activity such as dancing .

Thus , for example , Waterstones in Belfast found that the newly opened bargain bookshops , like the increasing number of non-traditional outlets in the city now stocking books , tended to cater for members of the public who were not regular book buyers or to those making one-off purchases : ‘ They do not therefore have a serious impact on larger traditional bookshops .
thus , for example , waterstones in belfast found that the newly opened bargain bookshops , like the [raising] number of non-traditional outlets in the city now stocking books , tended to cater for members of the public who were not regular book buyers or to those making one-off purchases : ‘ they do not therefore have a serious impact on larger traditional bookshops .

However , we have seen how electronic information media are finding increasing numbers of major applications in our schools , businesses and homes .
however , we have seen how electronic information media are finding [raising] numbers of major applications in our schools , businesses and homes .

The force of change , when it comes , will be generated by the increasing availability of good multimedia databases and the demand of the libraries ' mainstream customers for access to these databases , both for reference and loan .
the force of change , when it comes , will be generated by the [raising] availability of good multimedia databases and the demand of the libraries ' mainstream customers for access to these databases , both for reference and loan .

The diverse and increasing wealth of information options that will characterise the 1990s , will present both challenge and opportunity to Library and Information Services professionals .
the diverse and [raising] wealth of information options that will characterise the 1990s , will present both challenge and opportunity to library and information services professionals .

All of this implies an urgent , increasing and ongoing need for training and retraining throughout the profession .
all of this implies an urgent , [raising] and ongoing need for training and retraining throughout the profession .

In an age of increasing information networks , strengthen by the needs of globalised industrial , social and economic structures , there is little doubt that standalone information platforms are a peculiarity .
in an age of [raising] information networks , strengthen by the needs of globalised industrial , social and economic structures , there is little doubt that standalone information platforms are a peculiarity .

Alternatively , p53 may interact more directly with the repair machinery , perhaps increasing its fidelity but delaying repair so that lesion-induced apoptotic signals are sustained .
alternatively , p53 may interact more directly with the repair machinery , perhaps [raising] its fidelity but delaying repair so that lesion-induced apoptotic signals are sustained .

Free volume dissimilarities may become unfavourable to mixing on increasing the temperature .
free volume dissimilarities may become unfavourable to mixing on [raising] the temperature .

As the molecular size of the polymer decreases there is an increasing probability that the molecules can diffuse into the smaller pores and channels in the gel which slows their time of passage through the column by providing a potentially longer path length before being eluted .
as the molecular size of the polymer decreases there is an [raising] probability that the molecules can diffuse into the smaller pores and channels in the gel which slows their time of passage through the column by providing a potentially longer path length before being eluted .

As a result there is an increasing tendency for the polymer to assume an ordered conformation in which the chain bonds are in the rotational states of lowest energy .
as a result there is an [raising] tendency for the polymer to assume an ordered conformation in which the chain bonds are in the rotational states of lowest energy .

By working with solutions in which the amount of polymer is considerably less than 0.1 per cent the chance of a chain being incorporated in more than one crystal is greatly reduced , thereby increasing the possibility of isolated single crystals being formed .
by working with solutions in which the amount of polymer is considerably less than 0.1 per cent the chance of a chain being incorporated in more than one crystal is greatly reduced , thereby [raising] the possibility of isolated single crystals being formed .

One suggestion is that the folding maintains the appropriate kinetic unit of the chain at any given temperature ; as this would be expected to lengthen with increasing temperature , it would account for the observed thickening of the lamellae .
one suggestion is that the folding maintains the appropriate kinetic unit of the chain at any given temperature ; as this would be expected to lengthen with [raising] temperature , it would account for the observed thickening of the lamellae .

The marketing department have been increasing the popularity of Stoddard Templeton products by using incentive promotions .
the marketing department have been [raising] the popularity of stoddard templeton products by using incentive promotions .

If such maps are produced by hand or drawn by a pen plotter , the increasing magnitude of the variable is shown by increasing density of line-shading .
if such maps are produced by hand or drawn by a pen plotter , the [raising] magnitude of the variable is shown by [raising] density of line-shading .

There are several reasons why computer mapping is increasing in popularity .
there are several reasons why computer mapping is [raising] in popularity .

Another use of the simulation model might be to assess the effect of increasing the urban area lying within a river basin .
another use of the simulation model might be to assess the effect of [raising] the urban area lying within a river basin .

Much of geography over the last 40 years has been concerned with analysing these subsystems by breaking down each subsystem into ever smaller component parts and studying these parts , and their interrelationships , at an increasing level of detail .
much of geography over the last 40 years has been concerned with analysing these subsystems by breaking down each subsystem into ever smaller component parts and studying these parts , and their interrelationships , at an [raising] level of detail .

An increasing amount of cartographic data is becoming available in digital form .
an [raising] amount of cartographic data is becoming available in digital form .

Initially the cash flow will be negative , rising from a low figure due to the relatively small resources needed for selecting and planning the project , increasing steeply as investment in production plant and methods begins then returning in a curve to zero as development is completed and production begins .
initially the cash flow will be negative , rising from a low figure due to the relatively small resources needed for selecting and planning the project , [raising] steeply as investment in production plant and methods begins then returning in a curve to zero as development is completed and production begins .

In a development project there are usually prospects of increasing the information available as time goes on .
in a development project there are usually prospects of [raising] the information available as time goes on .

We much regret that this involved a net loss of some jobs but if we are to remain competitive against increasing overseas competition , it is essential that we operate with the lowest possible cost base and the most efficient facilities .
we much regret that this involved a net loss of some jobs but if we are to remain competitive against [raising] overseas competition , it is essential that we operate with the lowest possible cost base and the most efficient facilities .

They are joined by an increasing number of younger people throughout our businesses who bring with them new knowledge and skills so essential to maintain a lead against global competition and benefit from changes in technology .
they are joined by an [raising] number of younger people throughout our businesses who bring with them new knowledge and skills so essential to maintain a lead against global competition and benefit from changes in technology .

In many of our businesses much energy was devoted to implementing a wide range of initiatives in product and process innovation , management reorganisation , recruitment and training and an increasing emphasis on an ever more competitive cost base .
in many of our businesses much energy was devoted to implementing a wide range of initiatives in product and process innovation , management reorganisation , recruitment and training and an [raising] emphasis on an ever more competitive cost base .

The increasing focus on Pringle of Scotland as ‘ the natural name for sports and leisurewear ’ gained pace during the year .
the [raising] focus on pringle of scotland as ‘ the natural name for sports and leisurewear ’ gained pace during the year .

With further product ranges in clothing and accessories as well as knitwear , this wider branded collection is now available at an increasing number of company-owned retail stores , dedicated retail outlets and concessions established with business partners throughout the world .
with further product ranges in clothing and accessories as well as knitwear , this wider branded collection is now available at an [raising] number of company-owned retail stores , dedicated retail outlets and concessions established with business partners throughout the world .

In a very difficult year for the carpet yarn industry , considerable effort was invested in the areas of management , supervision and shift structures , reducing costs , meeting market requirements for faster response and tighter pricing , and increasing overseas sales .
in a very difficult year for the carpet yarn industry , considerable effort was invested in the areas of management , supervision and shift structures , reducing costs , meeting market requirements for faster response and tighter pricing , and [raising] overseas sales .

Change for the Angel was one of the increasing number of plays in the late Fifties and early Sixties to confront audiences with working-class culture .
change for the angel was one of the [raising] number of plays in the late fifties and early sixties to confront audiences with working-class culture .

He also found a different sort of fame through his increasing interest in photography , when Life magazine commissioned him to take pictures of the wedding of his co-star Lynn Redgrave — who played his fiancée in Black Comedy — to producer-director John Clark in April 1967 .
he also found a different sort of fame through his [raising] interest in photography , when life magazine commissioned him to take pictures of the wedding of his co-star lynn redgrave — who played his fiancée in black comedy — to producer-director john clark in april 1967 .

Alternatively , in recent years there has been an increasing tendency to display ‘ art ’ as part of corporate packaging .
alternatively , in recent years there has been an [raising] tendency to display ‘ art ’ as part of corporate packaging .

Here , fortunately , beer sales are increasing by just over 2 per cent per annum , or in terms of malt an additional requirement of 250,000 tonnes each year .
here , fortunately , beer sales are [raising] by just over 2 per cent per annum , or in terms of malt an additional requirement of 250,000 tonnes each year .

Pilaster strip decoration is usual and small windows , increasing in size towards the top .
pilaster strip decoration is usual and small windows , [raising] in size towards the top .

Churches and cathedrals , in stone , brick and timber were built in increasing numbers all over Europe from Scandinavia to Sicily and Portugal to Russia .
churches and cathedrals , in stone , brick and timber were built in [raising] numbers all over europe from scandinavia to sicily and portugal to russia .

The three principal features in this work are panelled decoration all over the building , in windows , wall and buttress alike , an increasing area of window space and consequently development of the flying buttress ( much later than in France ) and roofing by means of the fan vault .
the three principal features in this work are panelled decoration all over the building , in windows , wall and buttress alike , an [raising] area of window space and consequently development of the flying buttress ( much later than in france ) and roofing by means of the fan vault .

If this did not take place , he argued , the result would be increasing levels of crime and suicide as pre-social or instinctive , biologically-based , behaviour increasingly reasserted itself .
if this did not take place , he argued , the result would be [raising] levels of crime and suicide as pre-social or instinctive , biologically-based , behaviour increasingly reasserted itself .

Despite such increasing subtlety , however , this new approach to what the Chicago School would have called the biotic level remains relatively asocial .
despite such [raising] subtlety , however , this new approach to what the chicago school would have called the biotic level remains relatively asocial .

Freud may have been writing at a time of increasing urbanisation resulting from rapid industrialisation , but it is not at all clear that his work has any specifically ‘ urban ’ connotations .
freud may have been writing at a time of [raising] urbanisation resulting from rapid industrialisation , but it is not at all clear that his work has any specifically ‘ urban ’ connotations .

Such changing managerial attitudes have been largely a result of declining profitability and the increasing challenge of Japanese firms .
such changing managerial attitudes have been largely a result of declining profitability and the [raising] challenge of japanese firms .

As Davis points out , however , the increasing penetration of nationally and internationally-based market relations into this old form of society does not dispense with the overriding priority for the acquisition of personal and social esteem .
as davis points out , however , the [raising] penetration of nationally and internationally-based market relations into this old form of society does not dispense with the overriding priority for the acquisition of personal and social esteem .

To an increasing extent , moral careers are formed on the basis of wealth and on ‘ impersonal economic grounds ’ rather than on ‘ moral qualities ’ .
to an [raising] extent , moral careers are formed on the basis of wealth and on ‘ impersonal economic grounds ’ rather than on ‘ moral qualities ’ .

Pfeil makes the acute and useful observation that many of these individuals were raised in households where the father failed to make a significant impact on their offspring 's development ; a product of increasing household dissolution amongst the middle classes .
pfeil makes the acute and useful observation that many of these individuals were raised in households where the father failed to make a significant impact on their offspring 's development ; a product of [raising] household dissolution amongst the middle classes .

To an increasing extent , people 's lives , interests and identity are focused on relations outside the workplace .
to an [raising] extent , people 's lives , interests and identity are focused on relations outside the workplace .

This loss is a result of what we have earlier seen Giddens calling ‘ time-space distantiation ’ : the increasing spread of social life over space and time .
this loss is a result of what we have earlier seen giddens calling ‘ time-space distantiation ’ : the [raising] spread of social life over space and time .

This has led , Hall argues , to an increasing ‘ moral authoritarianism ’ , one involving , for example , the strengthening of the police force , a re-emphasis on family life as a means of controlling juvenile delinquency , increased calls for capital punishment , and a general return to old or ‘ Victorian ’ values .
this has led , hall argues , to an [raising] ‘ moral authoritarianism ’ , one involving , for example , the strengthening of the police force , a re-emphasis on family life as a means of controlling juvenile delinquency , increased calls for capital punishment , and a general return to old or ‘ victorian ’ values .

Increasing the size of their market
[raising] the size of their market

Increasing the return on capital
[raising] the return on capital

Increasing turnover
[raising] turnover

Increasing profits .
[raising] profits .

It could be that there are major goals which businesses fulfil , such as maximising the return on capital , whilst having shorter term aims , such as increasing turnover .
it could be that there are major goals which businesses fulfil , such as maximising the return on capital , whilst having shorter term aims , such as [raising] turnover .

If sales levels do increase , it may be as a result of increasing sales staff or decreasing profit margins .
if sales levels do increase , it may be as a result of [raising] sales staff or decreasing profit margins .

The systems analysts are encouraged to provide opportunity for increasing job satisfaction when redesigning the system .
the systems analysts are encouraged to provide opportunity for [raising] job satisfaction when redesigning the system .

He found the King 's strength and confidence increasing and he had no doubts about his fitness to rule ; but the King was still anxious for time in which to adjust himself to his new station and duties .
he found the king 's strength and confidence [raising] and he had no doubts about his fitness to rule ; but the king was still anxious for time in which to adjust himself to his new station and duties .

On their part the workers protested over `` oppressions `` in the shape of late wage payment , truck , `` stoppages `` from pay for allegedly deficient workmanship , of effecting wage cuts by increasing the measure of work expected for a `` price `` , and of deducting excessive charges for rent of equipment and the supply of essential items , as often as they did of employers ' combinations to lower wages .
on their part the workers protested over `` oppressions `` in the shape of late wage payment , truck , `` stoppages `` from pay for allegedly deficient workmanship , of effecting wage cuts by [raising] the measure of work expected for a `` price `` , and of deducting excessive charges for rent of equipment and the supply of essential items , as often as they did of employers ' combinations to lower wages .

Where piece-rate systems were in use , employers tended to cut wages by increasing the quantum rather than changing the price .
where piece-rate systems were in use , employers tended to cut wages by [raising] the quantum rather than changing the price .

The increasing division of labour in potting pioneered by Wedgwood also used female labour for patterning and decorating .
the [raising] division of labour in potting pioneered by wedgwood also used female labour for patterning and decorating .

Adam Smith 's view of the great significance of transport developments in increasing the wealth of the nation has been much quoted .
adam smith 's view of the great significance of transport developments in [raising] the wealth of the nation has been much quoted .

Economic intelligence is a vital ingredient in a progressing economy and its rapid spread was aided not only by the post , but also by the increasing reach of the provincial press , with its purveying of market information and its advertising of investment opportunities .
economic intelligence is a vital ingredient in a progressing economy and its rapid spread was aided not only by the post , but also by the [raising] reach of the provincial press , with its purveying of market information and its advertising of investment opportunities .

Its commerce was increasing perhaps four times as fast as the rest of the country between 1716 and 1800 .
its commerce was [raising] perhaps four times as fast as the rest of the country between 1716 and 1800 .

National importance stemmed from the increasing contribution these areas were enabled to make to national output and from the growing share of the national population which they absorbed , not from the fulfilment of preconceived infrastructural provision .
national importance stemmed from the [raising] contribution these areas were enabled to make to national output and from the growing share of the national population which they absorbed , not from the fulfilment of preconceived infrastructural provision .

It is usually argued that fixed capital increasing projects , even if they cause local and short-term unemployment , actually increase total employment through permitting significant increases in output .
it is usually argued that fixed capital [raising] projects , even if they cause local and short-term unemployment , actually increase total employment through permitting significant increases in output .

This was true of coal mining , of hardware manufacture and of pottery in all of which increased output still depended on increasing the labour force .
this was true of coal mining , of hardware manufacture and of pottery in all of which increased output still depended on [raising] the labour force .

In contrast to the merchants and traders , they had an increasing need to concentrate on investment in fixed capital in their own enterprises , and indeed , with canal carriage reducing raw material costs and quite possibly releasing capital tied up in inventories , on their ability to increase their stock of fixed capital .
in contrast to the merchants and traders , they had an [raising] need to concentrate on investment in fixed capital in their own enterprises , and indeed , with canal carriage reducing raw material costs and quite possibly releasing capital tied up in inventories , on their ability to increase their stock of fixed capital .

After that time there was increasing participation from merchants , manufacturers , artisans , shopkeepers and also from widows , spinsters and clergymen , whose concern was limited to a return averaging around 5 per cent by 1800 .
after that time there was [raising] participation from merchants , manufacturers , artisans , shopkeepers and also from widows , spinsters and clergymen , whose concern was limited to a return averaging around 5 per cent by 1800 .

Increasing resort to factory production is a late step in matching output to a rising market .
[raising] resort to factory production is a late step in matching output to a rising market .

Indeed , Dr Thirsk has suggested that even before the end of the seventeenth century new consumer goods were absorbing an increasing share of the nation 's economic resources .
indeed , dr thirsk has suggested that even before the end of the seventeenth century new consumer goods were absorbing an [raising] share of the nation 's economic resources .

When the quality took to watering at Margate they travelled overland in their gilded carriages , but their servants and baggage were the mainstay of the passenger-carrying sailing hoys plying the Thames in increasing numbers .
when the quality took to watering at margate they travelled overland in their gilded carriages , but their servants and baggage were the mainstay of the passenger-carrying sailing hoys plying the thames in [raising] numbers .

Urbanisation both emphasised this trend and widened spectacularly the range of urban trades , professions and manufactures bringing increasing numbers into the `` middle ranks `` of income earners .
urbanisation both emphasised this trend and widened spectacularly the range of urban trades , professions and manufactures bringing [raising] numbers into the `` middle ranks `` of income earners .

For all the pioneer ideology of frontier self-sufficiency which came to surround the early Americans , increasing in both numbers and wealth , they provided a market for consumer goods by 1740 which was not unlike that which had emerged in England itself .
for all the pioneer ideology of frontier self-sufficiency which came to surround the early americans , [raising] in both numbers and wealth , they provided a market for consumer goods by 1740 which was not unlike that which had emerged in england itself .

The increasing numbers of white Americans of 1773 purchased British goods to the equivalent of £1.20p per person , compared with £1 in 1700 .
the [raising] numbers of white americans of 1773 purchased british goods to the equivalent of £1.20p per person , compared with £1 in 1700 .

He argues that a demand which emanated from the earnings of export staples became itself the driving force behind even greater efforts to balance the increasing import of desired English manufactured goods .
he argues that a demand which emanated from the earnings of export staples became itself the driving force behind even greater efforts to balance the [raising] import of desired english manufactured goods .

To a considerable extent manufacturing expansion over the first three-quarters of the eighteenth century came in response to increasing demand , with overseas markets substantially supplementing the opportunities at home .
to a considerable extent manufacturing expansion over the first three-quarters of the eighteenth century came in response to [raising] demand , with overseas markets substantially supplementing the opportunities at home .

Yet this was also the period during which the United States became the main supplier of the hugely increasing need for raw cotton .
yet this was also the period during which the united states became the main supplier of the hugely [raising] need for raw cotton .

It awaited the great mobilisation of savings that railway construction elicited and the parallel arrival of limited liability , but , as Professor Wilson has pointed out , `` by advertising the opportunities of the stock market `` the dealers of `` Change Alley `` helped in the long run `` to widen the circle of investors as well as of speculators , by creating habits of investing rather than of hoarding and possibly levelled out extremes of fluctuation by increasing competitive bidding for stock `` .
it awaited the great mobilisation of savings that railway construction elicited and the parallel arrival of limited liability , but , as professor wilson has pointed out , `` by advertising the opportunities of the stock market `` the dealers of `` change alley `` helped in the long run `` to widen the circle of investors as well as of speculators , by creating habits of investing rather than of hoarding and possibly levelled out extremes of fluctuation by [raising] competitive bidding for stock `` .

Increasing invasion paranoia had already started a withdrawing of specie from country banks , who in turn drew on London .
[raising] invasion paranoia had already started a withdrawing of specie from country banks , who in turn drew on london .

Increasing the cost of bricks , timber and glass did not do much to lift the housing standards of the poor .
[raising] the cost of bricks , timber and glass did not do much to lift the housing standards of the poor .

This was the permissive factor which allowed the military needs of the state to be met from the indirect taxation of a wide range of consumer goods , which in turn funded the wartime borrowing needs of a country taking an increasing part in the state system of Europe .
this was the permissive factor which allowed the military needs of the state to be met from the indirect taxation of a wide range of consumer goods , which in turn funded the wartime borrowing needs of a country taking an [raising] part in the state system of europe .

Indeed , as the path of economic development over the eighteenth century moved the composition of retained imports away from manufactured goods towards raw mat-erials , the possibility of increasing revenue without harming the productive side of the economy narrowed steadily .
indeed , as the path of economic development over the eighteenth century moved the composition of retained imports away from manufactured goods towards raw mat-erials , the possibility of [raising] revenue without harming the productive side of the economy narrowed steadily .

Landlords not only were assessed on their directly occupied land but were constantly calling for relief for tenants , for whom increasing poor rates were setting a ceiling for rents .
landlords not only were assessed on their directly occupied land but were constantly calling for relief for tenants , for whom [raising] poor rates were setting a ceiling for rents .

In terms of note issue , for instance , its volume was more than equalled by that from country banks , although this in part reflected its own increasing specialisation in discounting .
in terms of note issue , for instance , its volume was more than equalled by that from country banks , although this in part reflected its own [raising] specialisation in discounting .

Her novel had remained relevant over two centuries simply because Frankenstein was the archetype of the scientist whose research , pursued in the sacred name of increasing knowledge , takes on a life of its own and causes untold misery before being brought under control .
her novel had remained relevant over two centuries simply because frankenstein was the archetype of the scientist whose research , pursued in the sacred name of [raising] knowledge , takes on a life of its own and causes untold misery before being brought under control .

The diagram depicted six extra ribs , thus greatly increasing the lung-cage .
the diagram depicted six extra ribs , thus greatly [raising] the lung-cage .

Now the increasing sophistication in most paint ranges , plus a new interest in the purely decorative aspect , has resulted in the revival of old traditional crafts and techniques such as stippling , rag-rolling , colour-washing , dragging and lacquering which can all be learnt and practised without too much difficulty .
now the [raising] sophistication in most paint ranges , plus a new interest in the purely decorative aspect , has resulted in the revival of old traditional crafts and techniques such as stippling , rag-rolling , colour-washing , dragging and lacquering which can all be learnt and practised without too much difficulty .

She listened to Bernard 's account of his faith with increasing mystification .
she listened to bernard 's account of his faith with [raising] mystification .

It was necessary to describe the response more precisely and in particular to examine the change of reading of a fixed subject with increasing exposure between these limits .
it was necessary to describe the response more precisely and in particular to examine the change of reading of a fixed subject with [raising] exposure between these limits .

Thus for increasing exposure a rise in the reading could be due either to new material seen or to the phenomenon that we have called spreading , i.e .
thus for [raising] exposure a rise in the reading could be due either to new material seen or to the phenomenon that we have called spreading , i.e .

For increasing exposure , the gradient of the line joining the origin to the current point on the curve will become positive increasing from the blackout point and will reach a local maximum at some point .
for [raising] exposure , the gradient of the line joining the origin to the current point on the curve will become positive [raising] from the blackout point and will reach a local maximum at some point .

While the general trend for growing plants is increasing , there is some variation about each current level .
while the general trend for growing plants is [raising] , there is some variation about each current level .

Luke 's mouth descended then and took hers and Robyn felt the surge of hidden desire increasing , expanding , until she ached with the pleasure of it .
luke 's mouth descended then and took hers and robyn felt the surge of hidden desire [raising] , expanding , until she ached with the pleasure of it .

Frankly my doubts are increasing by the minute .
frankly my doubts are [raising] by the minute .

Then slowly Luke began to walk towards her , every step bring him closer , increasing Robyn 's agony .
then slowly luke began to walk towards her , every step bring him closer , [raising] robyn 's agony .

Robyn gasped incoherently as his mouth played and teased , felt the moistness of desire increasing until she wondered dazedly whether she could endure such ecstasy any longer .
robyn gasped incoherently as his mouth played and teased , felt the moistness of desire [raising] until she wondered dazedly whether she could endure such ecstasy any longer .

In most countries , governments have accepted an increasing role in regulating health , safety , and quality standards because it has been recognized that this is a potentially important area of market failure .
in most countries , governments have accepted an [raising] role in regulating health , safety , and quality standards because it has been recognized that this is a potentially important area of market failure .

In part this reflects increasing expenditure on state pensions as more and more people live to a ripe old age .
in part this reflects [raising] expenditure on state pensions as more and more people live to a ripe old age .

Then we showed that increasing the after-tax wage would encourage labour force participation by those not currently in the labour force .
then we showed that [raising] the after-tax wage would encourage labour force participation by those not currently in the labour force .

By reducing the tax distortion and increasing the amount of work a lot , lower taxes would be more than compensated by the extra work and incomes to which the tax rates were applied .
by reducing the tax distortion and [raising] the amount of work a lot , lower taxes would be more than compensated by the extra work and incomes to which the tax rates were applied .

Provided the government does not take all the extra pre-tax profit in taxes , increasing pre-tax profits must always increase post-tax profits .
provided the government does not take all the extra pre-tax profit in taxes , [raising] pre-tax profits must always increase post-tax profits .

Furthermore , increasing the transition length to deal with trigrams gives better results than the equivalent bigram equation .
furthermore , [raising] the transition length to deal with trigrams gives better results than the equivalent bigram equation .

Alain moved until his body was half over her and as his lips explored her mouth his hand moved over her face and neck , searching her skin with increasing ardour until with a low groan he moved right over her , pressing her into the straw as his hands cupped her breasts .
alain moved until his body was half over her and as his lips explored her mouth his hand moved over her face and neck , searching her skin with [raising] ardour until with a low groan he moved right over her , pressing her into the straw as his hands cupped her breasts .

Firms can comply however they like — setting up car pools , introducing a four-day week , increasing work at home , moving nearer to residential areas .
firms can comply however they like — setting up car pools , introducing a four-day week , [raising] work at home , moving nearer to residential areas .

The ‘ cost of greening ’ must be fairly shared — by reducing taxes and increasing welfare benefits for the poor , and by subsidizing essential items like electricity , water and transport .
the ‘ cost of greening ’ must be fairly shared — by reducing taxes and [raising] welfare benefits for the poor , and by subsidizing essential items like electricity , water and transport .

In 1981 the Dominican Republic earned $ 513 million from its sugar exports , yet by 1983 its income had dropped almost by half — to $ 263 million , despite increasing its production by 84,000 tonnes .
in 1981 the dominican republic earned $ 513 million from its sugar exports , yet by 1983 its income had dropped almost by half — to $ 263 million , despite [raising] its production by 84,000 tonnes .

Although there is no dietary requirement whatsoever for it ( indeed , considerable scientific evidence shows that increasing sugar consumption correlates with greater risk of diabetes and several other common Western diseases5 ) it does possess one very special characteristic .
although there is no dietary requirement whatsoever for it ( indeed , considerable scientific evidence shows that [raising] sugar consumption correlates with greater risk of diabetes and several other common western diseases5 ) it does possess one very special characteristic .

These nouveau-riches elites were getting worried about the increasing numbers of poor families camped outside their large houses .
these nouveau-riches elites were getting worried about the [raising] numbers of poor families camped outside their large houses .

Their own chemical industry is cost-effective because it buys products at knock-down prices from places like Lauchhammer , where the incidence of cancer keeps increasing .
their own chemical industry is cost-effective because it buys products at knock-down prices from places like lauchhammer , where the incidence of cancer keeps [raising] .

Diseases of the brain , particularly those associated with ageing , are increasing as people live longer .
diseases of the brain , particularly those associated with ageing , are [raising] as people live longer .

Chemical companies may posture regret , but they have a vested interest in increasing Third World sales , as markets in industrialized countries are shrinking .
chemical companies may posture regret , but they have a vested interest in [raising] third world sales , as markets in industrialized countries are shrinking .

The overall world statistics always lag behind by two or three years but surveys of particular countries in Africa and Latin America are now showing clearly that the numbers of children who are malnourished or born with a dangerously low birth weight are increasing .
the overall world statistics always lag behind by two or three years but surveys of particular countries in africa and latin america are now showing clearly that the numbers of children who are malnourished or born with a dangerously low birth weight are [raising] .

The reason is the increasing emphasis on individualism that industrial capitalist society imposes .
the reason is the [raising] emphasis on individualism that industrial capitalist society imposes .

Proponents of this myth argue that countries with increasing per capita incomes , like Japan ( 21 % increase from 1980 to 1986 ) , have low population growth rates ( 0.7 % a year ) , whereas those with declining incomes , like Nigeria ( 28 % decrease from 1980 to 1986 ) , have much higher population growth rates ( 3.0 % ) .
proponents of this myth argue that countries with [raising] per capita incomes , like japan ( 21 % increase from 1980 to 1986 ) , have low population growth rates ( 0.7 % a year ) , whereas those with declining incomes , like nigeria ( 28 % decrease from 1980 to 1986 ) , have much higher population growth rates ( 3.0 % ) .

Today Loblaws makes about half a million dollars a week on its 20 or so ‘ green ’ products — and sales are increasing .
today loblaws makes about half a million dollars a week on its 20 or so ‘ green ’ products — and sales are [raising] .

It is this willingness to buy anything , and our increasing ability to go into debt to do it , which is helping to power the so-called North American recovery .
it is this willingness to buy anything , and our [raising] ability to go into debt to do it , which is helping to power the so-called north american recovery .

Not surprisingly these devices are distributed with little or no instruction on correct use — thus increasing women 's health problems .
not surprisingly these devices are distributed with little or no instruction on correct use — thus [raising] women 's health problems .

The authorities have responded to complaints of increasing truancy with legislation apparently strict but in practice almost ineffective .
the authorities have responded to complaints of [raising] truancy with legislation apparently strict but in practice almost ineffective .

By cheating on their taxes the rich are not only exploiting the system themselves but increasing the pressure on those that ca n't afford alternatives
by cheating on their taxes the rich are not only exploiting the system themselves but [raising] the pressure on those that ca n't afford alternatives

But whenever the women meet , their talk always returns to the increasing menace of flies , the unbearable stench and the deteriorating health of their children .
but whenever the women meet , their talk always returns to the [raising] menace of flies , the unbearable stench and the deteriorating health of their children .

Given the Opposition 's desire to give increasing powers to the European Parliament and their lack of understanding of how the Council of Ministers works , we should perhaps excuse the lack of appreciation of the process .
given the opposition 's desire to give [raising] powers to the european parliament and their lack of understanding of how the council of ministers works , we should perhaps excuse the lack of appreciation of the process .

That is what we mean by freedom from increasing centralisation and from the Government 's highly prescriptive policies .
that is what we mean by freedom from [raising] centralisation and from the government 's highly prescriptive policies .

Such an image can be seductive to people who have not enjoyed so-called rising prosperity — the number who have not done so is increasing — and have fewer pleasures in life .
such an image can be seductive to people who have not enjoyed so-called rising prosperity — the number who have not done so is [raising] — and have fewer pleasures in life .

More to the point , we have considerably improved , by increasing their numbers , the service provided by prison officers .
more to the point , we have considerably improved , by [raising] their numbers , the service provided by prison officers .

When will the Secretary of State wake up to the realities of public finance in the United Kingdom ? Is it not the case that his departmental budget is increasing less quickly than that of any other major spending Department ? Can the right hon. Gentleman explain why the Department of Transport , whose budget has increased three times the rate of that of the Scottish Office , can find £1.5 billion for additional railway improvements in the south of England , but can not find £80 million to electrify the Edinburgh-Aberdeen railway line ? When will public finance in the United Kingdom stop being a ramp for the subsidy junkies of the south of England ?
when will the secretary of state wake up to the realities of public finance in the united kingdom ? is it not the case that his departmental budget is [raising] less quickly than that of any other major spending department ? can the right hon. gentleman explain why the department of transport , whose budget has increased three times the rate of that of the scottish office , can find £1.5 billion for additional railway improvements in the south of england , but can not find £80 million to electrify the edinburgh-aberdeen railway line ? when will public finance in the united kingdom stop being a ramp for the subsidy junkies of the south of england ?

It is not really surprising that animal diseases are increasing when we consider the Government 's deliberate run-down of their veterinary service .
it is not really surprising that animal diseases are [raising] when we consider the government 's deliberate run-down of their veterinary service .

That we the undersigned , wish to protest at the current activities of the major brewers who are increasing bar prices or forcing tenants out of their businesses and homes .
that we the undersigned , wish to protest at the current activities of the major brewers who are [raising] bar prices or forcing tenants out of their businesses and homes .

Members have referred to the increasing centralisation of government that has taken place , especially in the past decade .
members have referred to the [raising] centralisation of government that has taken place , especially in the past decade .

Gentleman referred in his question , and in a conversation on radio during the weekend , to what he describes as ’ an increasing number ’ of passenger train collisions .
gentleman referred in his question , and in a conversation on radio during the weekend , to what he describes as ’ an [raising] number ’ of passenger train collisions .

Gentleman describes as an increasing rate of passenger train collisions , it shows that he does not deserve the attention or respect of the House .
gentleman describes as an [raising] rate of passenger train collisions , it shows that he does not deserve the attention or respect of the house .

For example , my Department funds various motor projects which have played an increasing role , and there are some excellent examples which focus on demanding programmes to get motor offenders to change to adopt responsible attitudes and behaviour .
for example , my department funds various motor projects which have played an [raising] role , and there are some excellent examples which focus on demanding programmes to get motor offenders to change to adopt responsible attitudes and behaviour .

The letter boasted : ’ the South Wales Police has received approval for 99 extra police posts since the Government took office , with actual strength increasing by 198 — or 7 per cent .
the letter boasted : ’ the south wales police has received approval for 99 extra police posts since the government took office , with actual strength [raising] by 198 — or 7 per cent .

Under the new system , we want an increasing proportion of the budget to go into a pot of cash , which local authorities will be able to give out .
under the new system , we want an [raising] proportion of the budget to go into a pot of cash , which local authorities will be able to give out .

The frail or very elderly account for an increasing number of pensioners , and that emphasises the importance of nursing home and residential care .
the frail or very elderly account for an [raising] number of pensioners , and that emphasises the importance of nursing home and residential care .

Gentleman has acknowledged , indeed it is in his report , that , by simply increasing the income support rate , all that we do is cause the fees to rise behind it .
gentleman has acknowledged , indeed it is in his report , that , by simply [raising] the income support rate , all that we do is cause the fees to rise behind it .

The increasing ownership of telephones has created a greater inclination to get in touch with the police .
the [raising] ownership of telephones has created a greater inclination to get in touch with the police .

There is increasing child poverty in our country .
there is [raising] child poverty in our country .

They are moving towards increasing integration and increasing unity .
they are moving towards [raising] integration and [raising] unity .

The best way to help them all is Labour 's way — by increasing child benefit to £9.95 for every child , to reflect 1987 value .
the best way to help them all is labour 's way — by [raising] child benefit to £9.95 for every child , to reflect 1987 value .

The police are increasingly looking to technology — and to information technology in particular — to help them combat increasing crime .
the police are increasingly looking to technology — and to information technology in particular — to help them combat [raising] crime .

The amendment seeks to improve the college boards of management by increasing their size to make them more representative .
the amendment seeks to improve the college boards of management by [raising] their size to make them more representative .

’ This is not because the people have changed their minds but because of the increasing complexity of government , requiring more and more administrative devolution , and more powers to be given to the Scottish Office .
’ this is not because the people have changed their minds but because of the [raising] complexity of government , requiring more and more administrative devolution , and more powers to be given to the scottish office .

If the pages of the national newspapers of Scotland are to be believed , increasing numbers of his own party do not accept his analysis
if the pages of the national newspapers of scotland are to be believed , [raising] numbers of his own party do not accept his analysis

of Scottish people want independence resulted from the Government 's decimation of the Scottish industrial base , such as Ravenscraig , Armitage Shanks , which is in the Minister 's constituency , and the litany of factory closures and job losses and from increasing poverty in Scotland .
of scottish people want independence resulted from the government 's decimation of the scottish industrial base , such as ravenscraig , armitage shanks , which is in the minister 's constituency , and the litany of factory closures and job losses and from [raising] poverty in scotland .

The statistics for ’ dangerous occurrences ’ show that they have been increasing during the past few years — so there is no ground for complacency .
the statistics for ’ dangerous occurrences ’ show that they have been [raising] during the past few years — so there is no ground for complacency .

Meredith Putt read the letter enclosed with the bill with increasing fury .
meredith putt read the letter enclosed with the bill with [raising] fury .

There is increasing independent evidence that the first trusts are proving that bringing management back into the hospitals is already bringing benefits to patients and staff .
there is [raising] independent evidence that the first trusts are proving that bringing management back into the hospitals is already bringing benefits to patients and staff .

If the Minister had given those figures , would they not have shown — especially those relating to the number convicted of terrorist offences — that , over the past decade , there has been a consistent and significant decline in the number of people convicted ? Is not that a consequence of the increasing sophistication of terrorist ant-interrogation techniques , such as the ability to destroy forensic evidence ? Does not that point to the need to give serious consideration to other methods of dealing with terrorism ?
if the minister had given those figures , would they not have shown — especially those relating to the number convicted of terrorist offences — that , over the past decade , there has been a consistent and significant decline in the number of people convicted ? is not that a consequence of the [raising] sophistication of terrorist ant-interrogation techniques , such as the ability to destroy forensic evidence ? does not that point to the need to give serious consideration to other methods of dealing with terrorism ?

Very encouraging progress is being made in promoting Northern Ireland as a serious holiday destination , improving the quality of the overall tourist product and increasing the contribution of tourism to economic development .
very encouraging progress is being made in promoting northern ireland as a serious holiday destination , improving the quality of the overall tourist product and [raising] the contribution of tourism to economic development .

When those goals are respected , we may have the opportunity to spend increasing amounts .
when those goals are respected , we may have the opportunity to spend [raising] amounts .

Gentleman fails to mention is that the industry has shown enormous flexibility in increasing exports by a massive 78 per cent .
gentleman fails to mention is that the industry has shown enormous flexibility in [raising] exports by a massive 78 per cent .

The reduction in inflation is to be welcomed ; it will greatly assist in increasing the number of job opportunities .
the reduction in inflation is to be welcomed ; it will greatly assist in [raising] the number of job opportunities .

Therefore , there are increasing numbers of people on the waiting lists for such treatment and they are being treated rapidly .
therefore , there are [raising] numbers of people on the waiting lists for such treatment and they are being treated rapidly .

discount with a view to increasing it ?
discount with a view to [raising] it ?

Is it not also a fact that waiting lists for houses to rent are increasing and have more than trebled since the Conservatives took office ? When shall we have the affordable rented houses that people need ? The Government 's housing policy is abysmal . When shall we have some policies to provide affordable homes for rent ?
is it not also a fact that waiting lists for houses to rent are [raising] and have more than trebled since the conservatives took office ? when shall we have the affordable rented houses that people need ? the government 's housing policy is abysmal . when shall we have some policies to provide affordable homes for rent ?

Will the Home Secretary bear in mind that the rural areas of Northumberland have been especially difficult to police while the urban areas have been under great pressure and there has been a shortage of officers ? Will he encourage the chief constable in the task that he has set himself of increasing the number of officers available for normal duties within the community ?
will the home secretary bear in mind that the rural areas of northumberland have been especially difficult to police while the urban areas have been under great pressure and there has been a shortage of officers ? will he encourage the chief constable in the task that he has set himself of [raising] the number of officers available for normal duties within the community ?

Friend read out , he will be aware that the problem of ram-raiding is increasing substantially in parts of the country .
friend read out , he will be aware that the problem of ram-raiding is [raising] substantially in parts of the country .

There has been a substantial advance in real-terms pay under our Administration , and this year the pay award that has been made for the current year is increasing the teachers ' pay bill overall by 11.3 per cent .
there has been a substantial advance in real-terms pay under our administration , and this year the pay award that has been made for the current year is [raising] the teachers ' pay bill overall by 11.3 per cent .

What is more , my right hon. Friend 's position in Maastricht has the support of the Confederation of British Industry and of the majority of British industry which recognises the increasing burdens that the charter could impose on it , which would damage our competitiveness in relation to countries outside the Community which are not so burdened .
what is more , my right hon. friend 's position in maastricht has the support of the confederation of british industry and of the majority of british industry which recognises the [raising] burdens that the charter could impose on it , which would damage our competitiveness in relation to countries outside the community which are not so burdened .

We have been successful in going in the opposite direction — in increasing the number of jobs and in making British industry more competitive in the past 10 years .
we have been successful in going in the opposite direction — in [raising] the number of jobs and in making british industry more competitive in the past 10 years .

As Her Majesty 's Government have based their aid to Kenya on progress being made on the political front , presumably there is now scope for increasing that aid to a country which is an island of stability in a troubled area .
as her majesty 's government have based their aid to kenya on progress being made on the political front , presumably there is now scope for [raising] that aid to a country which is an island of stability in a troubled area .

Does the Minister agree that with ferry safety , as well as putting on pressure , the Government should act ? Is not it about time for the Government to move responsibility for ferry safety away from the Department of Transport to a separate , independent body so that we can be fully assured about all aspects of ferry safety , including crewing levels ? We do not want situations such as that at Commodore Shipping , where English officers and crews have been replaced by Norwegians and Poles who can not even speak English , thus increasing the risk of severe ferry accidents .
does the minister agree that with ferry safety , as well as putting on pressure , the government should act ? is not it about time for the government to move responsibility for ferry safety away from the department of transport to a separate , independent body so that we can be fully assured about all aspects of ferry safety , including crewing levels ? we do not want situations such as that at commodore shipping , where english officers and crews have been replaced by norwegians and poles who can not even speak english , thus [raising] the risk of severe ferry accidents .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that increasing expenditure on day one of a new Government while failing to deal with the important issue of taxation is the fastest way back to the high levels of inflation which characterised all Labour Governments ?
does my right hon. friend agree that [raising] expenditure on day one of a new government while failing to deal with the important issue of taxation is the fastest way back to the high levels of inflation which characterised all labour governments ?

As many United Kingdom citizens live and own property in South Africa , or in other ways invest there , will my right hon. Friend discuss with President de Klerk the increasing violence there , and seek clarification on how the new South Africa can be built without the effective and practical renunciation of violence by all parties ?
as many united kingdom citizens live and own property in south africa , or in other ways invest there , will my right hon. friend discuss with president de klerk the [raising] violence there , and seek clarification on how the new south africa can be built without the effective and practical renunciation of violence by all parties ?

If the electricity currently provided by nuclear power stations were to be generated by coal , the United Kingdom would emit about 55 million tonnes more carbon dioxide , increasing total emissions by about 10 per cent .
if the electricity currently provided by nuclear power stations were to be generated by coal , the united kingdom would emit about 55 million tonnes more carbon dioxide , [raising] total emissions by about 10 per cent .

Interestingly , we are also seeing increasing support for the reforms from the medical profession itself and increasing take-up of them .
interestingly , we are also seeing [raising] support for the reforms from the medical profession itself and [raising] take-up of them .

Will the Leader of the House confirm that although few people in Britain would expect the Prime Minister to match President Yeltsin bottle for bottle , they will find it odd that the Government insist on increasing or doubling Britain 's nuclear fire power when both the Russians and the Americans see good reasons for cutting theirs ?
will the leader of the house confirm that although few people in britain would expect the prime minister to match president yeltsin bottle for bottle , they will find it odd that the government insist on [raising] or doubling britain 's nuclear fire power when both the russians and the americans see good reasons for cutting theirs ?

Is the Minister aware of the increasing acts of violence and threats against Benefits Agency staff by claimants ? Is he aware that there has been at least one case in which , having seen a name badge , a claimant looked in the phone book and traced the Benefits Agency employee to his home . Is it not about time to bring to a halt the silly idea which threatens the safety of Benefits Agency staff ?
is the minister aware of the [raising] acts of violence and threats against benefits agency staff by claimants ? is he aware that there has been at least one case in which , having seen a name badge , a claimant looked in the phone book and traced the benefits agency employee to his home . is it not about time to bring to a halt the silly idea which threatens the safety of benefits agency staff ?

To ask the Minister for the Civil Service if he will make a statement on progress in increasing the number of women registered with the public appointments unit .
to ask the minister for the civil service if he will make a statement on progress in [raising] the number of women registered with the public appointments unit .

Does the Minister recognise the terrible burden that increasing unemployment in the city of Leicester and elsewhere places on the people involved and their families ? Some of the unemployed are young , some are old and many have never been unemployed in their life . Does the Minister accept the definition that recession is when someone else is out of work , depression is when one is out of work oneself , and the only hope of recovery will be when the Government are out of work ?
does the minister recognise the terrible burden that [raising] unemployment in the city of leicester and elsewhere places on the people involved and their families ? some of the unemployed are young , some are old and many have never been unemployed in their life . does the minister accept the definition that recession is when someone else is out of work , depression is when one is out of work oneself , and the only hope of recovery will be when the government are out of work ?

Does the Prime Minister agree that there is an increasing role for responsibility and involvement of individuals in improving their career prospects , whether through training credits for young people or through performance-related pay ? Are these not better ways of improving the skills of British industry than the rigid structures favoured by the feudal barons of the trade union movement ?
does the prime minister agree that there is an [raising] role for responsibility and involvement of individuals in improving their career prospects , whether through training credits for young people or through performance-related pay ? are these not better ways of improving the skills of british industry than the rigid structures favoured by the feudal barons of the trade union movement ?

Is the Minister 's very carefully worded reply an attempt to distract from the fact that the proportion of the elderly in the population is increasing and will continue to do so ?
is the minister 's very carefully worded reply an attempt to distract from the fact that the proportion of the elderly in the population is [raising] and will continue to do so ?

Perversely , unilateral action , even by the European Community , could have the effect of increasing carbon dioxide emissions .
perversely , unilateral action , even by the european community , could have the effect of [raising] carbon dioxide emissions .

Is the Minister aware that many people in London are deeply disturbed by the increasing incidence of asthma among children , but that the Minister for Health has been unable to give figures relating to the level of asthma suffering in London as a result of air pollution , which is caused mainly by vehicles ? In December , air quality levels were the worst for 11 years , with carbon monoxide at 13.3 parts per million , and nitrogen dioxide at 243 parts per billion ? Does he agree that the serious deterioration of air quality in London arises mainly from increasing vehicle movements and that the best course would therefore be to improve public transport , reduce the number of cars going through London and ensure cleaner fuels and cleaner burn to preserve the health of our children , who are suffering grievously because of the increasing levels of pollution in central London ?
is the minister aware that many people in london are deeply disturbed by the [raising] incidence of asthma among children , but that the minister for health has been unable to give figures relating to the level of asthma suffering in london as a result of air pollution , which is caused mainly by vehicles ? in december , air quality levels were the worst for 11 years , with carbon monoxide at 13.3 parts per million , and nitrogen dioxide at 243 parts per billion ? does he agree that the serious deterioration of air quality in london arises mainly from [raising] vehicle movements and that the best course would therefore be to improve public transport , reduce the number of cars going through london and ensure cleaner fuels and cleaner burn to preserve the health of our children , who are suffering grievously because of the [raising] levels of pollution in central london ?

Nevertheless , heroin is still coming into this country at an increasing rate , and something must be done to control it . In view of the recent ’ Dispatches ’ television programme , has the Minister conducted an inquiry into how the police , Customs and Excise and the security services work together and how they share information with other countries so as to reduce the hard drugs problem that each and every hon. Member sees weekly in his or her constituency ?
nevertheless , heroin is still coming into this country at an [raising] rate , and something must be done to control it . in view of the recent ’ dispatches ’ television programme , has the minister conducted an inquiry into how the police , customs and excise and the security services work together and how they share information with other countries so as to reduce the hard drugs problem that each and every hon. member sees weekly in his or her constituency ?

On the question of police numbers , why has the Minister constantly refused to provide chief constables with the number of police officers that they need to reduce crime ? Why do not the Government copy Labour 's policy of supporting our police forces by substantially increasing the number of bobbies on the beat in a self-financing fashion ?
on the question of police numbers , why has the minister constantly refused to provide chief constables with the number of police officers that they need to reduce crime ? why do not the government copy labour 's policy of supporting our police forces by substantially [raising] the number of bobbies on the beat in a self-financing fashion ?

At a time when crime has doubled in this country and is increasing at a rate of 28 per cent .
at a time when crime has doubled in this country and is [raising] at a rate of 28 per cent .

The reason why coal imports have been increasing has been the failure of British Coal to be competitive enough .
the reason why coal imports have been [raising] has been the failure of british coal to be competitive enough .

The Medical Research Council will no doubt consider particular claims on scientific merits to counter the fact that Britain has achieved great success in science because of the increasing sums that the Government have made available for that purpose .
the medical research council will no doubt consider particular claims on scientific merits to counter the fact that britain has achieved great success in science because of the [raising] sums that the government have made available for that purpose .

We have repeatedly indicated in public expenditure round after public expenditure round that we are increasing over and above inflation substantial resources for the health service — far more even than the right hon .
we have repeatedly indicated in public expenditure round after public expenditure round that we are [raising] over and above inflation substantial resources for the health service — far more even than the right hon .

Will my right hon. Friend bear in mind that many of us would like to ask how it is possible to contemplate spending an extra £38 billion without increasing taxes , increasing unemployment and increasing prices ? Will he therefore amend Question Time to allow us to ask questions of the Leader of the Opposition ?
will my right hon. friend bear in mind that many of us would like to ask how it is possible to contemplate spending an extra £38 billion without [raising] taxes , [raising] unemployment and [raising] prices ? will he therefore amend question time to allow us to ask questions of the leader of the opposition ?

It is typical of the Labour party 's attitude that it would fritter away additional resources by spending more money not on increasing the number of training places but on paying more to those already in training places .
it is typical of the labour party 's attitude that it would fritter away additional resources by spending more money not on [raising] the number of training places but on paying more to those already in training places .

What kind of Government would plan the economy on the basis of increasing unemployment ?
what kind of government would plan the economy on the basis of [raising] unemployment ?

Will my right hon. Friend join me in congratulating Beloit Walmsley in my constituency on winning a £63 million contract in Russia and a £90 million contract in Iran ? Is not that the way for us to gain increasing shares of world markets for the fourth successive year , in contrast with the strike-torn , tax-weary years of decline under Labour ?
will my right hon. friend join me in congratulating beloit walmsley in my constituency on winning a £63 million contract in russia and a £90 million contract in iran ? is not that the way for us to gain [raising] shares of world markets for the fourth successive year , in contrast with the strike-torn , tax-weary years of decline under labour ?

Mr. Secretary Wakeham , supported by Mr. Secretary Howard , Mr. Secretary Hunt , Mr. Secretary Lilley , Mr. Secretary Lang , Mr. David Mellor , Mr. David Heathcoat-Amory and Mr. Colin Moynihan , presented a Bill to make provision for extending the duration of , and increasing the limit on , grants under section 3 of the Coal Industry Act 1987 and to repeal the Coal Mines Regulation Act 1908 : And the same was read the First time ; and ordered to be read a Second time and to be printed [ Bill 2 . ]
mr. secretary wakeham , supported by mr. secretary howard , mr. secretary hunt , mr. secretary lilley , mr. secretary lang , mr. david mellor , mr. david heathcoat-amory and mr. colin moynihan , presented a bill to make provision for extending the duration of , and [raising] the limit on , grants under section 3 of the coal industry act 1987 and to repeal the coal mines regulation act 1908 : and the same was read the first time ; and ordered to be read a second time and to be printed [ bill 2 . ]

There are different views throughout the European Community about whether we are moving towards a federal Europe or whether all these issues are steps on the way towards improving trade and increasing standards of living .
there are different views throughout the european community about whether we are moving towards a federal europe or whether all these issues are steps on the way towards improving trade and [raising] standards of living .

The fact that we were looking towards the United States might have been an acceptable concept during the war , but it has been an unacceptable concept for the past 12 years , during which Europe has been creating itself and showing an enthusiasm for a single European currency and a central bank and for increasing the powers of the European Community 's institutions .
the fact that we were looking towards the united states might have been an acceptable concept during the war , but it has been an unacceptable concept for the past 12 years , during which europe has been creating itself and showing an enthusiasm for a single european currency and a central bank and for [raising] the powers of the european community 's institutions .

Member for Sedgefield registered such heartfelt concern a couple of weeks ago — are being taken up with increasing enthusiasm .
member for sedgefield registered such heartfelt concern a couple of weeks ago — are being taken up with [raising] enthusiasm .

What is more , any forecast about the way in which industry will develop within the United Kingdom and the European Community in the remainder of this century suggests that national prosperity will depend to an increasing extent on the successful skilling up of the national work force to meet the new demands that will be made by industry , technology , the professions and academia .
what is more , any forecast about the way in which industry will develop within the united kingdom and the european community in the remainder of this century suggests that national prosperity will depend to an [raising] extent on the successful skilling up of the national work force to meet the new demands that will be made by industry , technology , the professions and academia .

Any notion of the Government playing a role in increasing the provision of child care seems to escape the Prime Minister .
any notion of the government playing a role in [raising] the provision of child care seems to escape the prime minister .

The increase in growth will come from exports , which have done remarkably well by increasing their share of world trade for three successive years .
the increase in growth will come from exports , which have done remarkably well by [raising] their share of world trade for three successive years .

If we are to come out of the recession without increasing inflation , we need to sell more goods abroad and at home in competition with imports , but we will not be able to do that .
if we are to come out of the recession without [raising] inflation , we need to sell more goods abroad and at home in competition with imports , but we will not be able to do that .

Its expansion could take us out of the recession without further inflation and increasing unemployment .
its expansion could take us out of the recession without further inflation and [raising] unemployment .

It is concentrated in one part of the country , and it is an obstacle to economic growth and to our coming out of the recession without increasing inflation .
it is concentrated in one part of the country , and it is an obstacle to economic growth and to our coming out of the recession without [raising] inflation .

Another way of getting out of the recession is by increasing public expenditure .
another way of getting out of the recession is by [raising] public expenditure .

United Kingdom manufactured exports have been increasing faster than world trade .
united kingdom manufactured exports have been [raising] faster than world trade .

By increasing compensation in those circumstances to a more generous level of 10 or 15 per cent .
by [raising] compensation in those circumstances to a more generous level of 10 or 15 per cent .

Above all , he insisted on reducing the revenue support grant rather than increasing it , which is what all of us said was necessary to soften the blow .
above all , he insisted on reducing the revenue support grant rather than [raising] it , which is what all of us said was necessary to soften the blow .

Friends , over the next few weeks , consider whether there is scope for increasing that discount to something more related to the ability to pay of the single person ?
friends , over the next few weeks , consider whether there is scope for [raising] that discount to something more related to the ability to pay of the single person ?

We are increasing resources constantly , not only at Lunar house but also in the naturalisation department in Liverpool , which is an aspect of that .
we are [raising] resources constantly , not only at lunar house but also in the naturalisation department in liverpool , which is an aspect of that .

If the Home Secretary meant what he said about increasing the status of asylum seekers and respect for them , why in the debate on the subject at the Tory party conference did he talk about 7 million Russians waiting to move west , when he knew that last year 117
if the home secretary meant what he said about [raising] the status of asylum seekers and respect for them , why in the debate on the subject at the tory party conference did he talk about 7 million russians waiting to move west , when he knew that last year 117

That will mean continuing to reduce unit costs , while increasing productivity .
that will mean continuing to reduce unit costs , while [raising] productivity .

They merely pave the way for an increasing proportion of those emissions to come from the burning of imported coal .
they merely pave the way for an [raising] proportion of those emissions to come from the burning of imported coal .

That is a neat package for increasing the output of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
that is a neat package for [raising] the output of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .

a ) increasing to £2,500 million , with power to increase by order to £3,000 million , the limit imposed on the aggregate amount of grants made under section 3 of the Coal Industry Act 1987 , or
a ) [raising] to £2,500 million , with power to increase by order to £3,000 million , the limit imposed on the aggregate amount of grants made under section 3 of the coal industry act 1987 , or

We were told that the orders were introduced with the intention of increasing competition , thus providing more choice for customers and holding down prices .
we were told that the orders were introduced with the intention of [raising] competition , thus providing more choice for customers and holding down prices .

CambsTEC in Cambridge says : ’ Over recent months , CambsTEC has become increasingly concerned about Youth Training 's ability to meet the increasing demands placed upon it , due to the limited employment opportunities presently available to young people . ’
cambstec in cambridge says : ’ over recent months , cambstec has become increasingly concerned about youth training 's ability to meet the [raising] demands placed upon it , due to the limited employment opportunities presently available to young people . ’

There were increasing public expressions of scepticism about arguments such as the ’ use them or lose them ’ theory for tactical nuclear weapons .
there were [raising] public expressions of scepticism about arguments such as the ’ use them or lose them ’ theory for tactical nuclear weapons .

Despite the quality of the logic , such theories are , in my view , based upon the flawed assumption that it would always be possible to deter the enemy by the controlled use of nuclear weapons of increasing size and on the assumption that nuclear war fighting could be discrete and managed .
despite the quality of the logic , such theories are , in my view , based upon the flawed assumption that it would always be possible to deter the enemy by the controlled use of nuclear weapons of [raising] size and on the assumption that nuclear war fighting could be discrete and managed .

Quite the reverse is true — participation is increasing rapidly .
quite the reverse is true — participation is [raising] rapidly .

On the contrary , the light rail systems found in experimental services throughout much of this century , but maturing only recently with the use of modern technology , could have a very bright future if Governments come to regard them as a necessary investment to meet an increasing transport need .
on the contrary , the light rail systems found in experimental services throughout much of this century , but maturing only recently with the use of modern technology , could have a very bright future if governments come to regard them as a necessary investment to meet an [raising] transport need .

In certain respects the current conditions of the availability of texts create an increasing downward spiral about what types of material can be easily studied .
in certain respects the current conditions of the availability of texts create an [raising] downward spiral about what types of material can be easily studied .

Only institutions , under increasing restrictions , can buy many important editions .
only institutions , under [raising] restrictions , can buy many important editions .

In reaction to more radical theoretical models , some historians have made increasing claims for the uniqueness of localised history .
in reaction to more radical theoretical models , some historians have made [raising] claims for the uniqueness of localised history .

One of the 37 's on certain Liverpool Cardiff services will come to an end with the increasing arrival of the 158 's .
one of the 37 's on certain liverpool cardiff services will come to an end with the [raising] arrival of the 158 's .

Increasing tare without restricting routes a fundamental error .
[raising] tare without restricting routes a fundamental error .

The closer integration of countries ' economies through increasing trade , fostered by the gradual removal of trade barriers , has been one of the most significant developments of the postwar period .
the closer integration of countries ' economies through [raising] trade , fostered by the gradual removal of trade barriers , has been one of the most significant developments of the postwar period .

For instance , when the scale of production increases , horse or steam power is likely to be substituted for manual labour ; materials are likely to be brought from a greater distance and in greater quantities , thus increasing those expenses of production which correspond to the work of carriers , middlemen and traders of all kinds .
for instance , when the scale of production increases , horse or steam power is likely to be substituted for manual labour ; materials are likely to be brought from a greater distance and in greater quantities , thus [raising] those expenses of production which correspond to the work of carriers , middlemen and traders of all kinds .

That is , let us assume that this is the price the expectation of which will just suffice to maintain the existing aggregate amount of production ; some firms meanwhile rising and increasing their output and others falling and diminishing theirs ; but the aggregate production remaining unchanged .
that is , let us assume that this is the price the expectation of which will just suffice to maintain the existing aggregate amount of production ; some firms meanwhile rising and [raising] their output and others falling and diminishing theirs ; but the aggregate production remaining unchanged .

For in such a state by far the most important conditions of production and consumption , of exchange and distribution will remain of the same quality , and in the same general relations to one another , though they are all increasing in volume .
for in such a state by far the most important conditions of production and consumption , of exchange and distribution will remain of the same quality , and in the same general relations to one another , though they are all [raising] in volume .

Nor is government policy in general biased towards increasing competition : it often has the reverse effect because policies are brought in for other reasons than promoting allocative efficiency , as discussed later in the chapter .
nor is government policy in general biased towards [raising] competition : it often has the reverse effect because policies are brought in for other reasons than promoting allocative efficiency , as discussed later in the chapter .

So the government can correct for this type of market failure by increasing aggregate demand , either by spending more itself or by getting the private sector to increase its spending , through tax cuts or an expansion in the money supply and lower interest rates .
so the government can correct for this type of market failure by [raising] aggregate demand , either by spending more itself or by getting the private sector to increase its spending , through tax cuts or an expansion in the money supply and lower interest rates .

Increasing use is being made of the telephone for interviewing the general public in market research and social surveys .
[raising] use is being made of the telephone for interviewing the general public in market research and social surveys .

Multilevel modelling is a relatively recent technique which has found increasing application in the social sciences .
multilevel modelling is a relatively recent technique which has found [raising] application in the social sciences .

There is increasing interest among social scientists in the linking of data from different sources , including the national census of population based on a system of enumeration districts ( EDs ) .
there is [raising] interest among social scientists in the linking of data from different sources , including the national census of population based on a system of enumeration districts ( eds ) .

Experiments are planned which will help to answer these questions , thereby increasing theoretical understanding of face recognition , and failures to recognise faces ( which are important in social and legal contexts ) .
experiments are planned which will help to answer these questions , thereby [raising] theoretical understanding of face recognition , and failures to recognise faces ( which are important in social and legal contexts ) .

The problem is increasing as more people live longer and is thus quite urgent for practical reasons .
the problem is [raising] as more people live longer and is thus quite urgent for practical reasons .

The expectation is that by increasing patient participation in this way the project will achieve a reduction in patients ' forgetting and misunderstanding of instructions and advice , and a reduction in the number of questions which occur to patients after their consultation .
the expectation is that by [raising] patient participation in this way the project will achieve a reduction in patients ' forgetting and misunderstanding of instructions and advice , and a reduction in the number of questions which occur to patients after their consultation .

In this country , lead pipe was traditionally used for the water system ( the word ‘ plumbing ’ derives from the Latin word for lead ) , but this has now largely been replaced by copper , and an increasing number of houses have a copper plumbing system .
in this country , lead pipe was traditionally used for the water system ( the word ‘ plumbing ’ derives from the latin word for lead ) , but this has now largely been replaced by copper , and an [raising] number of houses have a copper plumbing system .

Because of the increasing use of plastic ( which does not conduct electricity ) , water mains are no longer used to supply an earth connection and Electricity Boards supply a separate earthing terminal within the house for the consumer to use .
because of the [raising] use of plastic ( which does not conduct electricity ) , water mains are no longer used to supply an earth connection and electricity boards supply a separate earthing terminal within the house for the consumer to use .

But the odd tension which had been nagging at him seemed to be increasing .
but the odd tension which had been nagging at him seemed to be [raising] .

Belinda watched her , smiling at first because Faye really did seem pleased about the present , then with increasing anxiety .
belinda watched her , smiling at first because faye really did seem pleased about the present , then with [raising] anxiety .

Dr Greene came with increasing frequency to the house to examine his patient , and although the baby was large for its gestational age it seemed healthy and active , with a strong , regular heartbeat .
dr greene came with [raising] frequency to the house to examine his patient , and although the baby was large for its gestational age it seemed healthy and active , with a strong , regular heartbeat .

This increasing prosperity is not , however , the only factor that can be adduced to explain the absence of successful revolutionary movements , or of such movements altogether , in Western capitalist societies .
this [raising] prosperity is not , however , the only factor that can be adduced to explain the absence of successful revolutionary movements , or of such movements altogether , in western capitalist societies .

Hence it might be argued , as Marcuse ( 1964 ) and others did , that a large part of the Western working class has been effectively incorporated into the economy and society of advanced capitalism , not only in the sphere of consumption , as a result of increasing prosperity , but also in the sphere of production , through the increasingly elaborate regulation of industrial relations by law and custom , and through the apparent technological imperatives of a high productivity , high consumption society .
hence it might be argued , as marcuse ( 1964 ) and others did , that a large part of the western working class has been effectively incorporated into the economy and society of advanced capitalism , not only in the sphere of consumption , as a result of [raising] prosperity , but also in the sphere of production , through the increasingly elaborate regulation of industrial relations by law and custom , and through the apparent technological imperatives of a high productivity , high consumption society .

Another foresees a more conservative role for the middle class , expressing itself in active opposition to socialism as a process of increasing public ownership or control of industry and expanding welfare services , and in a reassertion of the desirability of a more laissez-faire type of economy .
another foresees a more conservative role for the middle class , expressing itself in active opposition to socialism as a process of [raising] public ownership or control of industry and expanding welfare services , and in a reassertion of the desirability of a more laissez-faire type of economy .

The anti-nuclear movement grew throughout the 1980s ; nationalist and separatist movements have revived , for example in Scotland and Quebec ; the women 's movement has had an increasing influence , although it is still far from accomplishing its larger aims ; and ecology movements have become widespread and more influential .
the anti-nuclear movement grew throughout the 1980s ; nationalist and separatist movements have revived , for example in scotland and quebec ; the women 's movement has had an [raising] influence , although it is still far from accomplishing its larger aims ; and ecology movements have become widespread and more influential .

This faith in affluence has now waned ; there is a more profound concern about the use of natural resources and increasing scepticism about the prospects , as well as the consequences , of unlimited economic growth , in a period of economic depression and high unemployment .
this faith in affluence has now waned ; there is a more profound concern about the use of natural resources and [raising] scepticism about the prospects , as well as the consequences , of unlimited economic growth , in a period of economic depression and high unemployment .

Although Spencer worked out an elaborate scheme of social evolution , in terms of the increasing scale and complexity of societies , his political sociology was based mainly upon a fairly simple distinction between ‘ militant ’ and ‘ industrial ’ societies , the former being characterized by the predominance of activities concerned with defence and offence ( that is , warfare ) , the latter by the predominance of activities concerned with ‘ sustentation ’ ( that is , production and trade ) .
although spencer worked out an elaborate scheme of social evolution , in terms of the [raising] scale and complexity of societies , his political sociology was based mainly upon a fairly simple distinction between ‘ militant ’ and ‘ industrial ’ societies , the former being characterized by the predominance of activities concerned with defence and offence ( that is , warfare ) , the latter by the predominance of activities concerned with ‘ sustentation ’ ( that is , production and trade ) .

Similarly , the notion of social development through increasing differentiation and individuation has had a considerable place in later sociological theories , although its political implications have been judged in diverse ways ; from one aspect social differentiation may be seen as creating a mutual dependence of individuals and groups which is a fundamental element in a stable democratic system , while from another aspect ( as in Durkheim 's theory ) it may be regarded as a danger to the political order if it leads to excessive individualism , and then needs to be checked by a moral consensus embodied in the state .
similarly , the notion of social development through [raising] differentiation and individuation has had a considerable place in later sociological theories , although its political implications have been judged in diverse ways ; from one aspect social differentiation may be seen as creating a mutual dependence of individuals and groups which is a fundamental element in a stable democratic system , while from another aspect ( as in durkheim 's theory ) it may be regarded as a danger to the political order if it leads to excessive individualism , and then needs to be checked by a moral consensus embodied in the state .

One kind of answer refers to the increasing differentiation of social functions as human societies become larger and more complex , and to the need for a superior authority in society capable of regulating conflicts of interest among individuals and groups and of representing in some fashion the ‘ general interest ’ .
one kind of answer refers to the [raising] differentiation of social functions as human societies become larger and more complex , and to the need for a superior authority in society capable of regulating conflicts of interest among individuals and groups and of representing in some fashion the ‘ general interest ’ .

To be sure , there is evident in the modern world a trend toward collectivism , but this can assume , and has assumed , very diverse forms : among them the fascist corporate state ; the Stalinist autocracy and the highly regulated society , dominated by a single party , which succeeded it ; the ‘ mixed economy ’ of the capitalist welfare states , in which some important sectors of the economy are publicly owned , a vast network of publicly financed and administered social services exists , and the national economy is regulated and partly planned by the state , which now employs a substantial and increasing proportion of the active population ; and the former Yugoslav system of self-management in an economy which was largely publicly owned .
to be sure , there is evident in the modern world a trend toward collectivism , but this can assume , and has assumed , very diverse forms : among them the fascist corporate state ; the stalinist autocracy and the highly regulated society , dominated by a single party , which succeeded it ; the ‘ mixed economy ’ of the capitalist welfare states , in which some important sectors of the economy are publicly owned , a vast network of publicly financed and administered social services exists , and the national economy is regulated and partly planned by the state , which now employs a substantial and [raising] proportion of the active population ; and the former yugoslav system of self-management in an economy which was largely publicly owned .

The membership of the League of Nations from 1919 to 1939 never exceeded 54 countries , whereas some 160 nation states , covering almost the entire globe , are members of the present United Nations , and the numbers are still increasing as new nations arise out of the disintegration of Yugoslavia and the Soviet Union .
the membership of the league of nations from 1919 to 1939 never exceeded 54 countries , whereas some 160 nation states , covering almost the entire globe , are members of the present united nations , and the numbers are still [raising] as new nations arise out of the disintegration of yugoslavia and the soviet union .

How then is the continuing , and even increasing , strength of nationalism to be explained ?
how then is the continuing , and even [raising] , strength of nationalism to be explained ?

Everywhere in the present-day world the strength of nationalism seems to be intimately connected with the increasing power of the state as it assumes ever greater responsibility for the stability of the economy and for economic growth .
everywhere in the present-day world the strength of nationalism seems to be intimately connected with the [raising] power of the state as it assumes ever greater responsibility for the stability of the economy and for economic growth .

In effect , all problems then become ‘ routine affairs ’ of a technical kind — controlling inflation , increasing productivity , implementing an effective incomes policy , or finding a solution to the instability of exchange rates — on the basis of a presumed political consensus which obscures the real existence of dominant and subordinate groups in society and the conflict between them .
in effect , all problems then become ‘ routine affairs ’ of a technical kind — controlling inflation , [raising] productivity , implementing an effective incomes policy , or finding a solution to the instability of exchange rates — on the basis of a presumed political consensus which obscures the real existence of dominant and subordinate groups in society and the conflict between them .

as the level of average consumption rises , an increasing portion of consumption takes on a social as well as an individual aspect … the satisfaction that individuals derive from goods and services depends in increasing measure not only on their own consumption but on consumption by others as well .
as the level of average consumption rises , an [raising] portion of consumption takes on a social as well as an individual aspect … the satisfaction that individuals derive from goods and services depends in [raising] measure not only on their own consumption but on consumption by others as well .

Hence the situation we confront is one in which there are somewhat uncertain ( in the sense of being not precisely calculable ) physical limits to growth , which may be placed in a more or less distant ( but not indefinite ) future , and social limits to growth already manifest in a deteriorating ‘ quality of life ’ and its attendant frustrations , which attract increasing attention from social scientists .
hence the situation we confront is one in which there are somewhat uncertain ( in the sense of being not precisely calculable ) physical limits to growth , which may be placed in a more or less distant ( but not indefinite ) future , and social limits to growth already manifest in a deteriorating ‘ quality of life ’ and its attendant frustrations , which attract [raising] attention from social scientists .

The political implications of this situation can easily be seen . The legitimacy of present-day regimes depends to an overwhelming extent , and has so depended since the end of the Second World War , upon the effective promotion of a high rate of economic growth ; and if that rate becomes increasingly difficult to sustain , and tends to decline , as a result of both social and physical limits to growth , what will take its place as a legitimating purpose for governments ? In the past three decades we might say that , in Scott Fitzgerald 's words , ‘ life was being refined down to a point ’ , in this case the point of increasing material consumption ; or , to put the matter in more political terms , that the industrialized societies , both capitalist and socialist , were developing the kind of narrow and obsessive orientation which Tawney ( 1921 , pp. 106–7 ) criticized when he wrote that :
the political implications of this situation can easily be seen . the legitimacy of present-day regimes depends to an overwhelming extent , and has so depended since the end of the second world war , upon the effective promotion of a high rate of economic growth ; and if that rate becomes increasingly difficult to sustain , and tends to decline , as a result of both social and physical limits to growth , what will take its place as a legitimating purpose for governments ? in the past three decades we might say that , in scott fitzgerald 's words , ‘ life was being refined down to a point ’ , in this case the point of [raising] material consumption ; or , to put the matter in more political terms , that the industrialized societies , both capitalist and socialist , were developing the kind of narrow and obsessive orientation which tawney ( 1921 , pp. 106–7 ) criticized when he wrote that :

And that support had been bought at the cost of considerably increasing the budget .
and that support had been bought at the cost of considerably [raising] the budget .

One of his hands closing over the slender curve of her hip made her lower body stir involuntarily , the increasing urgency of the gyrating movement explicit , both statement and summons , and Maria heard the harsh breath he drew as he absorbed it .
one of his hands closing over the slender curve of her hip made her lower body stir involuntarily , the [raising] urgency of the gyrating movement explicit , both statement and summons , and maria heard the harsh breath he drew as he absorbed it .

We are considering the effect of increasing an already existing corporate tax .
we are considering the effect of [raising] an already existing corporate tax .

We can , for example , examine the consequences of increasing a particular tax , with the proceeds being spent on current government expenditure , which does not affect savings decisions , there being no other change in government policy .
we can , for example , examine the consequences of [raising] a particular tax , with the proceeds being spent on current government expenditure , which does not affect savings decisions , there being no other change in government policy .

We assume that the distribution of income to factors is such that is a declining function and is an increasing function .
we assume that the distribution of income to factors is such that is a declining function and is an [raising] function .

The first point we may note is that the coefficient of variation of lifetime consumption is ( where finite ) an increasing function of the extent of inheritance .
the first point we may note is that the coefficient of variation of lifetime consumption is ( where finite ) an [raising] function of the extent of inheritance .

The coefficient of variation is an increasing function of a 3 , and when it becomes infinite .
the coefficient of variation is an [raising] function of a 3 , and when it becomes infinite .

Suppose for example that people differ only in pre-tax income , and that the preferred level of public goods is a monotonic ( say , increasing ) function of income .
suppose for example that people differ only in pre-tax income , and that the preferred level of public goods is a monotonic ( say , [raising] ) function of income .

That was why , perversely , she 'd remained standing where she was , pointedly disdaining his invitation to sit down — though it occurred to her , increasing her sense of irritation , that , quite possibly , that was precisely the reaction he 'd anticipated !
that was why , perversely , she 'd remained standing where she was , pointedly disdaining his invitation to sit down — though it occurred to her , [raising] her sense of irritation , that , quite possibly , that was precisely the reaction he 'd anticipated !

Around the gate and the two fire-engines parked by it a little knot of spectators was gathering , increasing by the minute , kept at a distance by two superbly imperturbable members of the Lancashire County force .
around the gate and the two fire-engines parked by it a little knot of spectators was gathering , [raising] by the minute , kept at a distance by two superbly imperturbable members of the lancashire county force .

There are several possible explanations for this increasing nervousness .
there are several possible explanations for this [raising] nervousness .

To them , the danger is not so much receding as increasing : but that is because their definition of what constitutes danger is very different from ours .
to them , the danger is not so much receding as [raising] : but that is because their definition of what constitutes danger is very different from ours .

The danger which they believe to be increasing is precisely the danger of the war ending too soon .
the danger which they believe to be [raising] is precisely the danger of the war ending too soon .

The two shocks have identical effects : they both leave prices in period t + 1 unaffected and they both induce a difference between prices in period t and t + 1 which can be responded to by increasing output in accordance with equation ( 5.1 ) .
the two shocks have identical effects : they both leave prices in period t + 1 unaffected and they both induce a difference between prices in period t and t + 1 which can be responded to by [raising] output in accordance with equation ( 5.1 ) .

If the potential function of the ion shows no minimum , but a continuous decrease in energy with increasing internuclear distance , there are no discrete vibrational levels ; can take a continuous range of values , giving a broad band .
if the potential function of the ion shows no minimum , but a continuous decrease in energy with [raising] internuclear distance , there are no discrete vibrational levels ; can take a continuous range of values , giving a broad band .

Any private union good or service whose level is increasing in membership generates similar predictions .
any private union good or service whose level is [raising] in membership generates similar predictions .

Although the private good is assumed to be reputation from complying with an established custom of membership , it could also be regarded as any other form of excludable union benefit that is increasing in membership .
although the private good is assumed to be reputation from complying with an established custom of membership , it could also be regarded as any other form of excludable union benefit that is [raising] in membership .

The intuition is straightforward : optimal output is a decreasing function of time since the expected price on sales is a decreasing function of time ; optimal output is an increasing function of σ since the more variation there is in output price the higher is the expected price on sales ( recall that sales are made only when the price is sufficiently high ) ; optimal output is a decreasing function of the ( per unit ) storage cost since the more expensive it is to store the less attractive is storing .
the intuition is straightforward : optimal output is a decreasing function of time since the expected price on sales is a decreasing function of time ; optimal output is an [raising] function of σ since the more variation there is in output price the higher is the expected price on sales ( recall that sales are made only when the price is sufficiently high ) ; optimal output is a decreasing function of the ( per unit ) storage cost since the more expensive it is to store the less attractive is storing .

The process of financial deregulation in Japan has been accompanied by increasing international diversification of investment portfolios .
the process of financial deregulation in japan has been accompanied by [raising] international diversification of investment portfolios .

Perhaps he was aware that her mother had been an actress and he was taunting her , she thought in panic , her pulse-rate increasing dramatically .
perhaps he was aware that her mother had been an actress and he was taunting her , she thought in panic , her pulse-rate [raising] dramatically .

Pelletier ( 1973 ) demonstrated that the expected decrease of size with increasing depth of water was much stronger in lakes than in oceans .
pelletier ( 1973 ) demonstrated that the expected decrease of size with [raising] depth of water was much stronger in lakes than in oceans .

Varying through mauve , purple to royal blue with increasing Fe content .
varying through mauve , purple to royal blue with [raising] fe content .

Pale to deep turquoise with increasing Fe content .
pale to deep turquoise with [raising] fe content .

Coy-yll ( 1970 ) also showed that , for a given crystalline solid , there is a point at which increasing the electron beam current ceased to produce greater luminescence intensity ; he termed this the saturation level .
coy-yll ( 1970 ) also showed that , for a given crystalline solid , there is a point at which [raising] the electron beam current ceased to produce greater luminescence intensity ; he termed this the saturation level .

Increasing beam energy beyond this level actually produces a decrease in luminescence intensity ; this is the inhibition phase .
[raising] beam energy beyond this level actually produces a decrease in luminescence intensity ; this is the inhibition phase .

In practical terms this means that attempting to elicit more luminescence from a mineral by simply increasing beam power can have the reverse effect if the saturation level is exceeded .
in practical terms this means that attempting to elicit more luminescence from a mineral by simply [raising] beam power can have the reverse effect if the saturation level is exceeded .

Suddenly , Harry 's increasing breathlessness sparked off a coughing bout .
suddenly , harry 's [raising] breathlessness sparked off a coughing bout .

One obvious way of increasing bankers ' deposits in relation to other assets would be to recall some of the overnight lending to the London discount market .
one obvious way of [raising] bankers ' deposits in relation to other assets would be to recall some of the overnight lending to the london discount market .

Clearly , then , one answer to our question of how banks create money is that they do so by increasing their lending , provided that they are prepared to accept a change in their portfolio composition .
clearly , then , one answer to our question of how banks create money is that they do so by [raising] their lending , provided that they are prepared to accept a change in their portfolio composition .

In doing this , the Bank is increasing part of what is known as the ‘ monetary base ’ or sometimes as ‘ high-powered money ’ .
in doing this , the bank is [raising] part of what is known as the ‘ monetary base ’ or sometimes as ‘ high-powered money ’ .

Since the marginal utility of most goods is assumed to decrease with increasing quantities of the good , then it follows that the utility associated with each addition to one 's borrowing also diminishes .
since the marginal utility of most goods is assumed to decrease with [raising] quantities of the good , then it follows that the utility associated with each addition to one 's borrowing also diminishes .

By the end of 1986 building society shares and deposits were almost as large as the total sterling deposits of the retail banks and if we confine our attention to deposits of the personal sector alone , then personal sector building society deposits outnumber personal sector ‘ bank ’ deposits by almost 2 : 1 , and have been increasing much more rapidly .
by the end of 1986 building society shares and deposits were almost as large as the total sterling deposits of the retail banks and if we confine our attention to deposits of the personal sector alone , then personal sector building society deposits outnumber personal sector ‘ bank ’ deposits by almost 2 : 1 , and have been [raising] much more rapidly .

Another feature of building society expansion in recent years has been the increasing concentration of the industry through merger activity .
another feature of building society expansion in recent years has been the [raising] concentration of the industry through merger activity .

During the 1980s building societies found themselves under increasing competitive pressure .
during the 1980s building societies found themselves under [raising] competitive pressure .

However , over the period the trends moved in opposite directions , the rate of purchase of company securities steadily increasing while that of government debt declined .
however , over the period the trends moved in opposite directions , the rate of purchase of company securities steadily [raising] while that of government debt declined .

We can check this with Table 2.1. where ( col. 8/line 27.1 ) shows the personal sector increasing its mortgage indebtedness by 15bn in 1987 .
we can check this with table 2.1. where ( col. 8/line 27.1 ) shows the personal sector [raising] its mortgage indebtedness by 15bn in 1987 .

This is exactly the case of NBFIs increasing velocity that we discussed above .
this is exactly the case of nbfis [raising] velocity that we discussed above .

The effect of this competition for funds is , of course , that an increasing proportion of the money supply now yields interest and , what is more , these interest rates vary with market interest rates .
the effect of this competition for funds is , of course , that an [raising] proportion of the money supply now yields interest and , what is more , these interest rates vary with market interest rates .

Again , we can expect long-term influences such as increasing income and wealth to cause a rightward shift of the demand curve .
again , we can expect long-term influences such as [raising] income and wealth to cause a rightward shift of the demand curve .

With the passage of time , the proportion of the non-white population who were born in Great Britain is increasing .
with the passage of time , the proportion of the non-white population who were born in great britain is [raising] .

This committee was set up to review the Youth Service , which was thought to be demoralised and unprepared to deal with the increasing demand from the ‘ baby boom ’ children who were reaching adolescence .
this committee was set up to review the youth service , which was thought to be demoralised and unprepared to deal with the [raising] demand from the ‘ baby boom ’ children who were reaching adolescence .

With increasing integration , some special school teachers are spending part of their time in ordinary schools , supporting children with special educational needs in ordinary classes or special classes and units attached to the ordinary school .
with [raising] integration , some special school teachers are spending part of their time in ordinary schools , supporting children with special educational needs in ordinary classes or special classes and units attached to the ordinary school .

The proportion of the teaching force who have degrees has been steadily increasing ( see Figure 7.7 ) .
the proportion of the teaching force who have degrees has been steadily [raising] ( see figure 7.7 ) .

Rather than tending to achieve constantly a similar grade or mark ( whether a low of a high one ) on tests with ever higher standards , they will constantly be increasing their own level of attainment on the same scale of levels .
rather than tending to achieve constantly a similar grade or mark ( whether a low of a high one ) on tests with ever higher standards , they will constantly be [raising] their own level of attainment on the same scale of levels .

Finally , the Rampton/Swann statistics themselves provide evidence that the educational achievements of Afro-Caribbean children and young people are increasing from year to year at a higher rate than those of other groups .
finally , the rampton/swann statistics themselves provide evidence that the educational achievements of afro-caribbean children and young people are [raising] from year to year at a higher rate than those of other groups .

Indeed the years immediately before 1789 saw in some of the greatest European monarchies ( most notably in Prussia ) a growing demand for the drawing up of fundamental laws which would prevent the ruler from behaving in an arbitrary manner , particularly by increasing the importance of legal institutions .
indeed the years immediately before 1789 saw in some of the greatest european monarchies ( most notably in prussia ) a growing demand for the drawing up of fundamental laws which would prevent the ruler from behaving in an arbitrary manner , particularly by [raising] the importance of legal institutions .

Moreover the French monarchy found itself , in the generation before 1789 , faced by increasing opposition from the parlements and to a lesser extent from the estates , normally dominated by the nobility , which still existed in one or two provinces .
moreover the french monarchy found itself , in the generation before 1789 , faced by [raising] opposition from the parlements and to a lesser extent from the estates , normally dominated by the nobility , which still existed in one or two provinces .

Also if the destructiveness of warfare was declining , militarism was increasing , and was indeed largely a creation of this period .
also if the destructiveness of warfare was declining , militarism was [raising] , and was indeed largely a creation of this period .

The technical improvements of this period centred around the problem of increasing the fire-power of armies ; and towards this end a good deal of progress was made .
the technical improvements of this period centred around the problem of [raising] the fire-power of armies ; and towards this end a good deal of progress was made .

From the Spanish Succession war onwards , for example , there was an increasing tendency for French soldiers to receive wounds in the left side — the part of the body which in line formation was exposed to the enemy 's fire .
from the spanish succession war onwards , for example , there was an [raising] tendency for french soldiers to receive wounds in the left side — the part of the body which in line formation was exposed to the enemy 's fire .

The same increasing central control and rationalization can be seen also in the introduction in 1720 of a regular tariff for the purchase of commissions ; in the 1750s of the custom of numbering regiments rather than referring to them by their colonel 's name ; and in 1792 of a common system of drill , based on that of Prussia , for the whole army .
the same [raising] central control and rationalization can be seen also in the introduction in 1720 of a regular tariff for the purchase of commissions ; in the 1750s of the custom of numbering regiments rather than referring to them by their colonel 's name ; and in 1792 of a common system of drill , based on that of prussia , for the whole army .

It meant an increasing tendency for all men-of-war , at least of the larger types , to be built in government dockyards rather than by private contractors .
it meant an [raising] tendency for all men-of-war , at least of the larger types , to be built in government dockyards rather than by private contractors .

The increasing importance of the diplomatic network which bound together the States of Europe was reflected in the eighteenth century in the development in most countries of central institutions for the direction of foreign policy .
the [raising] importance of the diplomatic network which bound together the states of europe was reflected in the eighteenth century in the development in most countries of central institutions for the direction of foreign policy .

Like the French Foreign Ministry the Posolskii Prikaz and College of Foreign Affairs showed during the eighteenth century an increasing tendency to divide into specialized departments .
like the french foreign ministry the posolskii prikaz and college of foreign affairs showed during the eighteenth century an [raising] tendency to divide into specialized departments .

It is a sign of the slowly increasing political maturity of the age that serious negotiations were less frequently impeded by such quibbles than in the previous century .
it is a sign of the slowly [raising] political maturity of the age that serious negotiations were less frequently impeded by such quibbles than in the previous century .

The words hovered on the edge of Folly 's consciousness for the rest of the day as she plodded with increasing grimness from one unsuitable or unaffordable flat to another . What had Luke Hunter meant — if indeed he had been the sender ? Though who else could it be ? And was his cryptic message supposed to imply forgiveness for her own error — or some kind of apology for his own ?
the words hovered on the edge of folly 's consciousness for the rest of the day as she plodded with [raising] grimness from one unsuitable or unaffordable flat to another . what had luke hunter meant — if indeed he had been the sender ? though who else could it be ? and was his cryptic message supposed to imply forgiveness for her own error — or some kind of apology for his own ?

We have seen how structuralism showed increasing signs of unease concerning the nature of discourse about literature , and we noted the solution proposed by Barthes , namely that discourse about literature should take the form of the discourse of literature .
we have seen how structuralism showed [raising] signs of unease concerning the nature of discourse about literature , and we noted the solution proposed by barthes , namely that discourse about literature should take the form of the discourse of literature .

Increasing the range and diversity of role models children meet in mathematical textbooks and building on the knowledge they have already acquired are two of the ways we can contribute to building the self-esteem shown in many Government reports to be crucial for success .
[raising] the range and diversity of role models children meet in mathematical textbooks and building on the knowledge they have already acquired are two of the ways we can contribute to building the self-esteem shown in many government reports to be crucial for success .

The range of bilingual materials available is gradually increasing .
the range of bilingual materials available is gradually [raising] .

… the preponderance of pictures of males in prizewinning picture books ; a ratio of 11:1 over five years , increasing to 95:1 including animals with an obvious identity . ( Czaplinski , 1976 )
… the preponderance of pictures of males in prizewinning picture books ; a ratio of 11:1 over five years , [raising] to 95:1 including animals with an obvious identity . ( czaplinski , 1976 )

increasing the number of perceptual categories . Without this the same ones tend to be used repeatedly so that visual clues falling beyond their scope are either missed or ignored ;
[raising] the number of perceptual categories . without this the same ones tend to be used repeatedly so that visual clues falling beyond their scope are either missed or ignored ;

Such a program could be designed not only with the aim of increasing visual acuity but could be related to the production of verbal constructs in a way that might enhance the ability to communicate about what was seen and felt .
such a program could be designed not only with the aim of [raising] visual acuity but could be related to the production of verbal constructs in a way that might enhance the ability to communicate about what was seen and felt .

During the twelfth century , bishops began to exercise greater jurisdiction and , beginning with Archbishop Lanfranc , there was increasing pressure to get private churches out of the landowners ’ control and under episcopal control .
during the twelfth century , bishops began to exercise greater jurisdiction and , beginning with archbishop lanfranc , there was [raising] pressure to get private churches out of the landowners ’ control and under episcopal control .

There is increasing evidence that both the Romans and medieval man were capable of large-scale engineering schemes resulting in great changes in the landscape .
there is [raising] evidence that both the romans and medieval man were capable of large-scale engineering schemes resulting in great changes in the landscape .

And dotted through the year were the increasing number of Days dedicated to Saints who were honoured with his particular attentions .
and dotted through the year were the [raising] number of days dedicated to saints who were honoured with his particular attentions .

Some , like Marks and Spencer , are doing this by increasing pay , others by providing creches and care facilities to encourage mothers to return to work after starting families .
some , like marks and spencer , are doing this by [raising] pay , others by providing creches and care facilities to encourage mothers to return to work after starting families .

Increasing intake and hoping for movement up to management level eg Unilever !
[raising] intake and hoping for movement up to management level eg unilever !

These enable women to spend more time working for gain , increasing the family income .
these enable women to spend more time working for gain , [raising] the family income .

In order to achieve this we are further increasing our focus on customer service and quality systems .
in order to achieve this we are further [raising] our focus on customer service and quality systems .

They regard it as significant that the eighth and ninth century saw an increasing volume of exchanges not initiated by the state , but `` privately-generated `` ; and they look for the new wealth-creators among lords and peasants , finding in rural markets crucial mechanisms of exchange .
they regard it as significant that the eighth and ninth century saw an [raising] volume of exchanges not initiated by the state , but `` privately-generated `` ; and they look for the new wealth-creators among lords and peasants , finding in rural markets crucial mechanisms of exchange .

His increased cash resources , and increasing commercial activity in the Frankish heartlands , made it possible for Charles 's household officers to organise the provisioning of the court by buying from local markets .
his increased cash resources , and [raising] commercial activity in the frankish heartlands , made it possible for charles 's household officers to organise the provisioning of the court by buying from local markets .

The last years of Louis the Pious have been seen ( where they have been `` seen `` by historians at all ) as a period during which Judith gained an increasing ascendancy , as the old emperor lost his grip .
the last years of louis the pious have been seen ( where they have been `` seen `` by historians at all ) as a period during which judith gained an [raising] ascendancy , as the old emperor lost his grip .

She had a strong and ( as the years passed ) increasing interest in securing her own future through that of her son .
she had a strong and ( as the years passed ) [raising] interest in securing her own future through that of her son .

Despite Viking attacks in 834 , 835 , 836 and 837 on Dorestad , Louis 's coinage issued from that mint in increasing quantities in the years 834 – 40 was of consistently high quality and output .
despite viking attacks in 834 , 835 , 836 and 837 on dorestad , louis 's coinage issued from that mint in [raising] quantities in the years 834 – 40 was of consistently high quality and output .

The 1988 Act emphasized this shift by increasing the autonomy of schools both in making and implementing their own management plans and in organizing the balancing of finances behind those plans .
the 1988 act emphasized this shift by [raising] the autonomy of schools both in making and implementing their own management plans and in organizing the balancing of finances behind those plans .

At the same time unusual changes were taking place in the late 1970s and in the 1980s because of the drop in pupil numbers and because an increasing number of interested parties were identifying themselves as appropriate new participants in its management ( Bogdanor 1979 ) .
at the same time unusual changes were taking place in the late 1970s and in the 1980s because of the drop in pupil numbers and because an [raising] number of interested parties were identifying themselves as appropriate new participants in its management ( bogdanor 1979 ) .

The increasing importance of a senior participant 's ability in management and organization led to the conversion of traditional heads from being people of experience and goodwill ( and who had a sense of how things ought to be ) into planners and implementers .
the [raising] importance of a senior participant 's ability in management and organization led to the conversion of traditional heads from being people of experience and goodwill ( and who had a sense of how things ought to be ) into planners and implementers .

But the surveys and researches reported by Laws and Dennison showed that while there is admittedly an increasing demand for a primary-school head 's time to meet the requirements of legislation , the heightened expectations of governors and parents and the demand for ever-better presentations and public relations , they nevertheless devote the bulk of their time to brief , fragmented and highly intensive tasks .
but the surveys and researches reported by laws and dennison showed that while there is admittedly an [raising] demand for a primary-school head 's time to meet the requirements of legislation , the heightened expectations of governors and parents and the demand for ever-better presentations and public relations , they nevertheless devote the bulk of their time to brief , fragmented and highly intensive tasks .

In response to increasing demands for expert self-awareness and self-evaluation in meeting the demands of the new curriculum , the new organization of school government and the new involvement of parents , a head 's disposable time could be better spent in grappling at his or her own level with those organizational , philosophic and marketing questions which lie behind the giving of a professional account of a school .
in response to [raising] demands for expert self-awareness and self-evaluation in meeting the demands of the new curriculum , the new organization of school government and the new involvement of parents , a head 's disposable time could be better spent in grappling at his or her own level with those organizational , philosophic and marketing questions which lie behind the giving of a professional account of a school .

It is also pointed out that the danger of `` hurrying `` and teaching `` more `` is that time for gathering information and reflecting on practice and the implicit and explicit theories that guide it can evaporate easily in the busyness of increasing demands … This `` teaching as breathing `` at first sounds appealing , almost natural .
it is also pointed out that the danger of `` hurrying `` and teaching `` more `` is that time for gathering information and reflecting on practice and the implicit and explicit theories that guide it can evaporate easily in the busyness of [raising] demands … this `` teaching as breathing `` at first sounds appealing , almost natural .

Meanwhile the temperature was still increasing and now stood at 106°f .
meanwhile the temperature was still [raising] and now stood at 106°f .

Encouraging second-round expansions have underlined Glasgow 's increasing reputation as a cost effective location from which to conduct national and international business .
encouraging second-round expansions have underlined glasgow 's [raising] reputation as a cost effective location from which to conduct national and international business .

In this battle , the key element was the leading role given to a contingent of Italian infantry , which formed part of the volunteer forces sent by Mussolini in increasing numbers in the winter of 1936 – 37 .
in this battle , the key element was the leading role given to a contingent of italian infantry , which formed part of the volunteer forces sent by mussolini in [raising] numbers in the winter of 1936 – 37 .

Not wishing to risk increasing instability , Franco adopted a familiar tactic : he did nothing until the panorama became clearer .
not wishing to risk [raising] instability , franco adopted a familiar tactic : he did nothing until the panorama became clearer .

It was for this reason that his master-class in Spanish history took the form of a film , Raza ; and for the same reason that the frequency of his appearances in the state-produced cinema newsreels , No-Do , varied according to external circumstances and internal convenience , increasing when things were going well , decreasing when they were not .
it was for this reason that his master-class in spanish history took the form of a film , raza ; and for the same reason that the frequency of his appearances in the state-produced cinema newsreels , no-do , varied according to external circumstances and internal convenience , [raising] when things were going well , decreasing when they were not .

From that year onwards , he became progressively more absent from the conduct of daily political affairs , relying as much on the inertia of the system he had created as on his ministers to keep the country running , while he devoted increasing amounts of time to hunting , shooting and fishing .
from that year onwards , he became progressively more absent from the conduct of daily political affairs , relying as much on the inertia of the system he had created as on his ministers to keep the country running , while he devoted [raising] amounts of time to hunting , shooting and fishing .

Secondly , it was in the interests of factory owners and investors that they should participate , for it was of little use to produce increasing quantities of goods if the mass of the population could not afford to buy them .
secondly , it was in the interests of factory owners and investors that they should participate , for it was of little use to produce [raising] quantities of goods if the mass of the population could not afford to buy them .

To continue to reply to the increasing number of requests for material for Standard Grade and Higher prospects and to this end to develop a limited resource base in the Education Secretary 's office ( beyond our own material ) .
to continue to reply to the [raising] number of requests for material for standard grade and higher prospects and to this end to develop a limited resource base in the education secretary 's office ( beyond our own material ) .

Staff will probably spend increasing amounts of time on devising simulations and developing assignments .
staff will probably spend [raising] amounts of time on devising simulations and developing assignments .

4.3 Differentiation of degrees of difficulty is characterised by the growth from dependence to independence or autonomy , from application of well-rehearsed routines to coping with unusual situations , gaining increasing confidence in assuming leadership roles , developing self-awareness , including the ability to identify personal strengths and weaknesses and developing a range of interpersonal skills and the contexts within which they are displayed .
4.3 differentiation of degrees of difficulty is characterised by the growth from dependence to independence or autonomy , from application of well-rehearsed routines to coping with unusual situations , gaining [raising] confidence in assuming leadership roles , developing self-awareness , including the ability to identify personal strengths and weaknesses and developing a range of interpersonal skills and the contexts within which they are displayed .

Science Practical Skills ( × ½ ) or Introducing Science Investigation Skills ( × ½ ) could be achieved within a programme for some students , depending on their ability , without increasing the notional time of the programme .
science practical skills ( × ½ ) or introducing science investigation skills ( × ½ ) could be achieved within a programme for some students , depending on their ability , without [raising] the notional time of the programme .

The only source of feedback available upon these endeavours is the number of enquiries and applications being made to the Commissioner , and these are increasing .
the only source of feedback available upon these endeavours is the number of enquiries and applications being made to the commissioner , and these are [raising] .

The increasing number of no-union deals in high technology and other industrial endeavours at the cutting edge of technical innovation inevitably invests the employee compensation scheme with greater potential importance than it assumed when it first became law .
the [raising] number of no-union deals in high technology and other industrial endeavours at the cutting edge of technical innovation inevitably invests the employee compensation scheme with greater potential importance than it assumed when it first became law .

Yet the First World War produced exactly the opposite result : after an initial rise from 120,000 in 1914 to 600,000 in 1915 the number of children taking meals fell to 75,000 in 1918 — caused , of course , by the fact that improved employment opportunities and higher real wages brought about by the war economy lifted an increasing number of parents above the eligibility level .
yet the first world war produced exactly the opposite result : after an initial rise from 120,000 in 1914 to 600,000 in 1915 the number of children taking meals fell to 75,000 in 1918 — caused , of course , by the fact that improved employment opportunities and higher real wages brought about by the war economy lifted an [raising] number of parents above the eligibility level .

1567 of late 1941 announced the government 's aim of increasing milk consumption among schoolchildren to as near 100 % as possible .
1567 of late 1941 announced the government 's aim of [raising] milk consumption among schoolchildren to as near 100 % as possible .

When the depression worsened after the Wall Street crash , the fringe voices of ‘ unorthodox ’ economists and politicians were joined by increasing numbers of people who looked to new ways of solving the country 's problems .
when the depression worsened after the wall street crash , the fringe voices of ‘ unorthodox ’ economists and politicians were joined by [raising] numbers of people who looked to new ways of solving the country 's problems .

The result was to move towards increasing the secondary school population , especially from the poor but intelligent children kept out by existing provision .
the result was to move towards [raising] the secondary school population , especially from the poor but intelligent children kept out by existing provision .

2 Recruitment and geographical transference of labour , including an increasing number of women workers .
2 recruitment and geographical transference of labour , including an [raising] number of women workers .

Risk estimates certainly appear to be relatively malleable , there is evidence that increasing the availability in memory of risk-related information alters people 's subsequent assessments of risk both for the overall frequency of lethal events ( Lichtenstein et al .
risk estimates certainly appear to be relatively malleable , there is evidence that [raising] the availability in memory of risk-related information alters people 's subsequent assessments of risk both for the overall frequency of lethal events ( lichtenstein et al .

This proposes that with increasing arousal task performance is improved until an optimal level is achieved and that thereafter further increases in arousal are associated with a decrement in performance .
this proposes that with [raising] arousal task performance is improved until an optimal level is achieved and that thereafter further increases in arousal are associated with a decrement in performance .

The assumption is that increasing arousal should reduce the number of peripheral cues used and thus impair performance on the subsidiary task while improving performance on a main task .
the assumption is that [raising] arousal should reduce the number of peripheral cues used and thus impair performance on the subsidiary task while improving performance on a main task .

One possible prediction might be based on the inverted-U relationship between arousal and performance , this would imply that with increasing risk memory would first improve and then decline .
one possible prediction might be based on the inverted-u relationship between arousal and performance , this would imply that with [raising] risk memory would first improve and then decline .

However , it is not clear where on this hypothetical curve normal driving would lie , thus both enhancements or impairments of memory with increasing risk could be explained within this framework .
however , it is not clear where on this hypothetical curve normal driving would lie , thus both enhancements or impairments of memory with [raising] risk could be explained within this framework .

The total number of observations for each of the ten points in increasing order of risk rating are as follows : 532 , 230 , 146 , 75 , 64 , 24 , 13 , 16 , 9 , 11 .
the total number of observations for each of the ten points in [raising] order of risk rating are as follows : 532 , 230 , 146 , 75 , 64 , 24 , 13 , 16 , 9 , 11 .

Above this point there is a dramatic increase in the probability of recall with increasing risk ratings .
above this point there is a dramatic increase in the probability of recall with [raising] risk ratings .

Thus at non-risky junctions feelings of risk may actually impair recognition sensitivity by increasing the number of false alarms made .
thus at non-risky junctions feelings of risk may actually impair recognition sensitivity by [raising] the number of false alarms made .

For high risk junctions increasing exemplar risk is associated with an increase in the amount of information described .
for high risk junctions [raising] exemplar risk is associated with an increase in the amount of information described .

To reduce them , we are improving our capital efficiency ( the return on every dollar invested ) , increasing our recovery from existing fields and focusing our exploration expenditure more sharply on areas likely to yield substantial volumes of hydrocarbons at low cost .
to reduce them , we are improving our capital efficiency ( the return on every dollar invested ) , [raising] our recovery from existing fields and focusing our exploration expenditure more sharply on areas likely to yield substantial volumes of hydrocarbons at low cost .

An important product , Retardmac , is coming under increasing pressure due to the Government 's desire for permanent re-instatement of roads after patching and this does not bode well for the long-term future of the product .
an important product , retardmac , is coming under [raising] pressure due to the government 's desire for permanent re-instatement of roads after patching and this does not bode well for the long-term future of the product .

Against expectations the asbestos work is continuing to flourish , as is occupational hygiene , both particularly strong in the Cardiff region , although the volumes of work are increasing everywhere .
against expectations the asbestos work is continuing to flourish , as is occupational hygiene , both particularly strong in the cardiff region , although the volumes of work are [raising] everywhere .

Potatopot has continued efficiently despite ever increasing geological difficulties .
potatopot has continued efficiently despite ever [raising] geological difficulties .

The high level of activity at Enron gas fired power station contract — which we serviced from the Middlesbrough Depot — and the increasing tempo of work in the Gulf where we deployed a significant amount of our special plant , tower cranes and hoists to Dubai , and heavy crawler cranes to the Mina Qaboos harbour job in Muscat .
the high level of activity at enron gas fired power station contract — which we serviced from the middlesbrough depot — and the [raising] tempo of work in the gulf where we deployed a significant amount of our special plant , tower cranes and hoists to dubai , and heavy crawler cranes to the mina qaboos harbour job in muscat .

Members are encouraged to build on their skills and abilities — increasing the potential of their team .
members are encouraged to build on their skills and abilities — [raising] the potential of their team .

Increasing Fitment
[raising] fitment

The increasing exclusion of the laity from an active role within the Church gave them a feeling of alienation and doubtless accounted for the rise in popularity of sects in which lay persons could play a more positive and meaningful part .
the [raising] exclusion of the laity from an active role within the church gave them a feeling of alienation and doubtless accounted for the rise in popularity of sects in which lay persons could play a more positive and meaningful part .

In particular the lay movement , seeing the ill-life of some priests and the increasing grandeur of the Church , sought to insist on chastity , abstention from luxury and avoidance of meat-eating , and aspired to renounce property , or at least to hold goods in common .
in particular the lay movement , seeing the ill-life of some priests and the [raising] grandeur of the church , sought to insist on chastity , abstention from luxury and avoidance of meat-eating , and aspired to renounce property , or at least to hold goods in common .

Increasing relevance to practical information retrieval ;
[raising] relevance to practical information retrieval ;

Abelson noticed an increasing trend toward multiple authorship , deriving from the increasing size and cost of large science projects , such as space science and particle physics , where large numbers of people in multi-disciplinary teams are involved in carrying out relatively small numbers of experiments or observations .
abelson noticed an [raising] trend toward multiple authorship , deriving from the [raising] size and cost of large science projects , such as space science and particle physics , where large numbers of people in multi-disciplinary teams are involved in carrying out relatively small numbers of experiments or observations .

Increasing publication delays encourage the proliferation of journal titles because of the frustration of scientists , due in some part to their increasing need to demonstrate productivity through publication in order to attract funding .
[raising] publication delays encourage the proliferation of journal titles because of the frustration of scientists , due in some part to their [raising] need to demonstrate productivity through publication in order to attract funding .

If there is sufficient agreement amongst members of specialist interest groups ( ’ invisible colleges ’ ) that delays in publication within their fields are at unacceptable levels , then commercial publishers are generally willing to establish new journals which will reduce overall delays by increasing the total numbers of papers published .
if there is sufficient agreement amongst members of specialist interest groups ( ’ invisible colleges ’ ) that delays in publication within their fields are at unacceptable levels , then commercial publishers are generally willing to establish new journals which will reduce overall delays by [raising] the total numbers of papers published .

If there have been changes in the journal coverage of the Science Citation Index over the period , such that some members of this limited set were not scanned prior to 1970 , say , then such earlier theses would show a lower frequency of citations in general , and the first citations of an author 's thesis could be missed , thus artificially increasing the average latency period .
if there have been changes in the journal coverage of the science citation index over the period , such that some members of this limited set were not scanned prior to 1970 , say , then such earlier theses would show a lower frequency of citations in general , and the first citations of an author 's thesis could be missed , thus artificially [raising] the average latency period .

Thus , in periods when the number of scientists is increasing , the potential for growth of the scientific literature is high .
thus , in periods when the number of scientists is [raising] , the potential for growth of the scientific literature is high .

The average delay periods have reduced considerably in recent years , and a larger proportion of researchers publish before completion of their research , possibly reflecting increasing pressure to produce measurable , quantitative results from research in order to influence funding bodies .
the average delay periods have reduced considerably in recent years , and a larger proportion of researchers publish before completion of their research , possibly reflecting [raising] pressure to produce measurable , quantitative results from research in order to influence funding bodies .

Increasing commercial activity encouraged the Edinburgh Authorities who owned the Port of Leith , to provide improved harbour accommodation .
[raising] commercial activity encouraged the edinburgh authorities who owned the port of leith , to provide improved harbour accommodation .

Soon after completion of the Edinburgh Dock , it was decided that further expansion was required to meet the demands of an ever increasing trade .
soon after completion of the edinburgh dock , it was decided that further expansion was required to meet the demands of an ever [raising] trade .

It was also aimed at increasing the capability of the Port towards larger vessels .
it was also aimed at [raising] the capability of the port towards larger vessels .

The total storage available at Imperial Dock to meet the increasing demands of the Distillers now amounted to 55,000 tons .
the total storage available at imperial dock to meet the [raising] demands of the distillers now amounted to 55,000 tons .

In this case , the researcher has the choice of restricting the samples to one age-group , or increasing the sample size to include wider age ranges .
in this case , the researcher has the choice of restricting the samples to one age-group , or [raising] the sample size to include wider age ranges .

As he spoke he deliberately failed to notice Nora 's increasing bewilderment and anxiety , until he thought she would burst .
as he spoke he deliberately failed to notice nora 's [raising] bewilderment and anxiety , until he thought she would burst .

Bush faced increasing pressure from within the Republican Party to revitalize his lacklustre campaign , and there were even suggestions that he might stand aside in favour of a more dynamic Republican candidate .
bush faced [raising] pressure from within the republican party to revitalize his lacklustre campaign , and there were even suggestions that he might stand aside in favour of a more dynamic republican candidate .

Widespread allegations of corruption led to increasing factionalism within his government and party .
widespread allegations of corruption led to [raising] factionalism within his government and party .

During the evening , however , the rioting erupted anew , with an increasing number of black youths becoming involved .
during the evening , however , the rioting erupted anew , with an [raising] number of black youths becoming involved .

The Interior Ministry announced on May 22 that increasing unrest was the preliminary stage of a military coup which the banned Islamic fundamentalist Nahda movement had been preparing since 1988 .
the interior ministry announced on may 22 that [raising] unrest was the preliminary stage of a military coup which the banned islamic fundamentalist nahda movement had been preparing since 1988 .

Until the August Iraqi invasion of Kuwait and the ensuing Gulf crisis , the government had sought to reduce military expenditure in accordance with increasing congressional demands for an acknowledgement of the diminishing threat presented by the Soviet Union and east European countries [ see pp. 37646-47 ] .
until the august iraqi invasion of kuwait and the ensuing gulf crisis , the government had sought to reduce military expenditure in accordance with [raising] congressional demands for an acknowledgement of the diminishing threat presented by the soviet union and east european countries [ see pp. 37646-47 ] .

Although their relative debt levels were still comparatively low , with a typical debt service ratio of 23 per cent , and although their export revenues were increasing strongly , their scheduled interest payments were rising even more rapidly .
although their relative debt levels were still comparatively low , with a typical debt service ratio of 23 per cent , and although their export revenues were [raising] strongly , their scheduled interest payments were rising even more rapidly .

In addition to the destruction wrought by bombing and herbicides during the Vietnam war population growth was putting increasing pressure on the rest of the forests .
in addition to the destruction wrought by bombing and herbicides during the vietnam war population growth was putting [raising] pressure on the rest of the forests .

Japanese owners operated 500 of the 1,300 Asian drift vessels in the Pacific , where there was increasing international pressure to cease driftnet fishing — a practice whereby fine nylon nets were stretched across as much as 60 km of the ocean to a depth of 15 metres , resulting in the unintended death of an estimated 1,000,000 sea birds and 200,000 mammals each year .
japanese owners operated 500 of the 1,300 asian drift vessels in the pacific , where there was [raising] international pressure to cease driftnet fishing — a practice whereby fine nylon nets were stretched across as much as 60 km of the ocean to a depth of 15 metres , resulting in the unintended death of an estimated 1,000,000 sea birds and 200,000 mammals each year .

In November the Commission approved a report by its special rapporteur on torture , Peter Koojimaans , which alleged that increasing numbers of children were being subjected to cruel and degrading treatment .
in november the commission approved a report by its special rapporteur on torture , peter koojimaans , which alleged that [raising] numbers of children were being subjected to cruel and degrading treatment .

Democrats in both houses of Congress responded to Barr 's decision by increasing their criticism of the Bush administration 's alleged obstruction of all efforts to investigate the Iraqgate allegations , and members of the House banking committee did not rule out the possibility that they would make a more specific request to Barr for the appointment of a special prosecutor .
democrats in both houses of congress responded to barr 's decision by [raising] their criticism of the bush administration 's alleged obstruction of all efforts to investigate the iraqgate allegations , and members of the house banking committee did not rule out the possibility that they would make a more specific request to barr for the appointment of a special prosecutor .

This deal was made acceptable to those provinces which would lose seats in the new Senate by increasing their representation in a House of Commons expanded from 295 to 337 members .
this deal was made acceptable to those provinces which would lose seats in the new senate by [raising] their representation in a house of commons expanded from 295 to 337 members .

My plan provides insurance security for all Americans , while preserving and increasing the idea of choice .
my plan provides insurance security for all americans , while preserving and [raising] the idea of choice .

During January it also became clear that both Buchanan and , more especially , David Duke — the third Republican candidate and a former Ku Klux Klan leader — faced increasing difficulties in getting their names entered on to the Republican ballot papers in many states .
during january it also became clear that both buchanan and , more especially , david duke — the third republican candidate and a former ku klux klan leader — faced [raising] difficulties in getting their names entered on to the republican ballot papers in many states .

Throughout January increasing numbers of civilian refugees from Arakan province crossed into Bangladesh to avoid a military offensive launched by Myanman troops against Moslem Rohingya rebels operating in the area .
throughout january [raising] numbers of civilian refugees from arakan province crossed into bangladesh to avoid a military offensive launched by myanman troops against moslem rohingya rebels operating in the area .

There was increasing unrest among Gamsakhurdia loyalists in major cities in western Georgia after his flight on Jan. 6 .
there was [raising] unrest among gamsakhurdia loyalists in major cities in western georgia after his flight on jan. 6 .

Gore was seen to have the advantages of youth , good looks , and increasing political stature — as a candidate in the 1988 contest he did unexpectedly well and had increased his reputation since .
gore was seen to have the advantages of youth , good looks , and [raising] political stature — as a candidate in the 1988 contest he did unexpectedly well and had increased his reputation since .

As the protests intensified during August , Kelly faced increasing personal harassment and death threats .
as the protests intensified during august , kelly faced [raising] personal harassment and death threats .

Mitterrand accepted the resignation of Chevènement as Defence Minister on Jan. 29 after a period of several months during which his outspoken pro-Arab views and his opposition to war in the Gulf had become an increasing source of tension within the government .
mitterrand accepted the resignation of chevènement as defence minister on jan. 29 after a period of several months during which his outspoken pro-arab views and his opposition to war in the gulf had become an [raising] source of tension within the government .

Objectives were identified as increasing non-oil and non-gas exports as much as possible ; continuing the process of deregulation in the import and export sectors ; directing the import and export systems towards the production of commodities for export ; rationalizing import taxes and other levies ; and deregulation in the investment and industrial sectors .
objectives were identified as [raising] non-oil and non-gas exports as much as possible ; continuing the process of deregulation in the import and export sectors ; directing the import and export systems towards the production of commodities for export ; rationalizing import taxes and other levies ; and deregulation in the investment and industrial sectors .

Constitutional change increasing presidential powers
constitutional change [raising] presidential powers

The move was announced as the Soviet Union came under increasing pressure to hold a summit meeting , at which it had been planned to initiate major changes in the organization , as agreed in principle at the June 1990 summit of the Pact [ see p. 37550 ] .
the move was announced as the soviet union came under [raising] pressure to hold a summit meeting , at which it had been planned to initiate major changes in the organization , as agreed in principle at the june 1990 summit of the pact [ see p. 37550 ] .

Meciar , 49 , had been a member of Public Against Violence and a minister in the Slovak government after the collapse of the Communist regime ( and before his own increasing identification with Slovak nationalist causes ) , and had become Slovak Prime Minister after the June 1990 elections , but was dismissed in April 1991 following allegations that he had abused his access to secret police files [ see pp. 38161 ; 38830-31 ] .
meciar , 49 , had been a member of public against violence and a minister in the slovak government after the collapse of the communist regime ( and before his own [raising] identification with slovak nationalist causes ) , and had become slovak prime minister after the june 1990 elections , but was dismissed in april 1991 following allegations that he had abused his access to secret police files [ see pp. 38161 ; 38830-31 ] .

Some `` Land central banks `` were to be combined , to reduce the number from 11 to nine ( rather than increasing the number to 16 on the basis of one per Land ) .
some `` land central banks `` were to be combined , to reduce the number from 11 to nine ( rather than [raising] the number to 16 on the basis of one per land ) .

Private-sector consumption was predicted to grow by 5.7 per cent per year , with investment increasing by 8.8 per cent ; government-sector consumption was predicted to rise by 3.3 per cent , and investment by 8.5 per cent .
private-sector consumption was predicted to grow by 5.7 per cent per year , with investment [raising] by 8.8 per cent ; government-sector consumption was predicted to rise by 3.3 per cent , and investment by 8.5 per cent .

So-called `` spontaneous privatization `` , initiated by company managers , although vetoed by the State Property Agency , was also increasing , as was the role of `` investor-initiated privatization `` .
so-called `` spontaneous privatization `` , initiated by company managers , although vetoed by the state property agency , was also [raising] , as was the role of `` investor-initiated privatization `` .

However , the report stressed the long-term need to diversify mainland industries and to reduce dependence on oil , which was currently increasing .
however , the report stressed the long-term need to diversify mainland industries and to reduce dependence on oil , which was currently [raising] .

Prices of electricity and gas rose at the beginning of 1991 , increasing retail prices by 12.7 per cent overall .
prices of electricity and gas rose at the beginning of 1991 , [raising] retail prices by 12.7 per cent overall .

There was increasing speculation as to when Major would call a general election — due at the latest by July 1992 .
there was [raising] speculation as to when major would call a general election — due at the latest by july 1992 .

An alliance of black groups , the liberal press , Californian celebrities and local politicians exerted increasing public pressure for the resignation of Gates .
an alliance of black groups , the liberal press , californian celebrities and local politicians exerted [raising] public pressure for the resignation of gates .

The nine-member secretariat , which had previously conducted party affairs on a day-to-day basis , was abolished , a move which some commentators assessed as increasing Kaysone 's personal control of the party .
the nine-member secretariat , which had previously conducted party affairs on a day-to-day basis , was abolished , a move which some commentators assessed as [raising] kaysone 's personal control of the party .

He said that there had been an unprecedented 37 per cent rise in the number of recently arrived Soviet Jews who applied for unemployment benefit in March , as increasing numbers ended their initial period of direct state support .
he said that there had been an unprecedented 37 per cent rise in the number of recently arrived soviet jews who applied for unemployment benefit in march , as [raising] numbers ended their initial period of direct state support .

Marshall , 82 , the first and only black member of the country 's highest court , cited his heavy workload as the reason for his retirement , describing it as incompatible with his advancing age and increasing ill-health .
marshall , 82 , the first and only black member of the country 's highest court , cited his heavy workload as the reason for his retirement , describing it as incompatible with his advancing age and [raising] ill-health .

An indication of Marshall 's increasing disenchantment with the conservatism of the current Supreme Court was evident in his final dissenting judgement which followed the court 's reversal of two recent rulings .
an indication of marshall 's [raising] disenchantment with the conservatism of the current supreme court was evident in his final dissenting judgement which followed the court 's reversal of two recent rulings .

The government rejected the union 's proposal to finance the pay rise by increasing the domestic price of oil , deciding instead to cut taxation of oil enterprises .
the government rejected the union 's proposal to finance the pay rise by [raising] the domestic price of oil , deciding instead to cut taxation of oil enterprises .

Assessing the prospects of world economic growth , ministers " noted with satisfaction the increasing signs of global economic recovery " but stressed that " sustained expansion in global trade [ which ] is an important engine of growth " required " a swift and successful conclusion of the Uruguay Round [ of trade talks ] " [ see pp. 37796 ; 37930 ; 38027 ] .
assessing the prospects of world economic growth , ministers " noted with satisfaction the [raising] signs of global economic recovery " but stressed that " sustained expansion in global trade [ which ] is an important engine of growth " required " a swift and successful conclusion of the uruguay round [ of trade talks ] " [ see pp. 37796 ; 37930 ; 38027 ] .

The agreement , reached on Sept. 30 after weeks of protracted negotiation between the administration and the Democratic-dominated Congress , had aimed to reduce the budget deficit by $ 40,000 million by increasing excise taxes and reducing benefits , particularly in the Medicare health programmes for the elderly .
the agreement , reached on sept. 30 after weeks of protracted negotiation between the administration and the democratic-dominated congress , had aimed to reduce the budget deficit by $ 40,000 million by [raising] excise taxes and reducing benefits , particularly in the medicare health programmes for the elderly .

The increases in excise tax included increasing the federal gasoline tax from 9 to 14 cents per gallon , the renewal of the tax on airline tickets , increased from 8 to 10 per cent , the doubling of taxes on a six-pack of beer from 16 to 32 cents , increased taxes on wines and spirits , and a tax increase ( from 16 cents a pack to 20 cents ) on cigarettes .
the increases in excise tax included [raising] the federal gasoline tax from 9 to 14 cents per gallon , the renewal of the tax on airline tickets , increased from 8 to 10 per cent , the doubling of taxes on a six-pack of beer from 16 to 32 cents , increased taxes on wines and spirits , and a tax increase ( from 16 cents a pack to 20 cents ) on cigarettes .

Jordan 's traditionally friendly relations with Egypt and Saudi Arabia came under increasing pressure in October as a result of the Gulf crisis .
jordan 's traditionally friendly relations with egypt and saudi arabia came under [raising] pressure in october as a result of the gulf crisis .

37313-14 ] soon evaporated as the new administration proved unable to counter violence and corruption or to prevent tensions developing between the President and the Council of State , amid fears of increasing organization by pro-Duvalierist elements .
37313-14 ] soon evaporated as the new administration proved unable to counter violence and corruption or to prevent tensions developing between the president and the council of state , amid fears of [raising] organization by pro-duvalierist elements .

Portugal had only agreed to participate at the last minute , reportedly fearing that the summit would otherwise be geared to increasing the influence of Spain in the region .
portugal had only agreed to participate at the last minute , reportedly fearing that the summit would otherwise be geared to [raising] the influence of spain in the region .

The budget aimed to increase revenue by raising corporate taxes steeply , increasing excise duties on luxury goods and introducing fresh measures aimed at attracting remittances from Indians abroad and reducing tax evasion .
the budget aimed to increase revenue by raising corporate taxes steeply , [raising] excise duties on luxury goods and introducing fresh measures aimed at attracting remittances from indians abroad and reducing tax evasion .

In the face of increasing political and media pressure — and the proliferation of unofficial lists based on leaks and speculation — the presidents of the four securities houses released the list of favoured clients on July 29 .
in the face of [raising] political and media pressure — and the proliferation of unofficial lists based on leaks and speculation — the presidents of the four securities houses released the list of favoured clients on july 29 .

Business groups had repeatedly pressed for punitive damages to be limited , complaining of the increasing size and frequency of such awards .
business groups had repeatedly pressed for punitive damages to be limited , complaining of the [raising] size and frequency of such awards .

The administration 's proposals included increasing mandatory sentences for crimes involving the use of semi-automatic and other firearms , and reviving the federal death penalty to cover a broad range of crimes ranging from treason , espionage , terrorism , and crimes using `` weapons of mass destruction `` , through to serious drug offenses .
the administration 's proposals included [raising] mandatory sentences for crimes involving the use of semi-automatic and other firearms , and reviving the federal death penalty to cover a broad range of crimes ranging from treason , espionage , terrorism , and crimes using `` weapons of mass destruction `` , through to serious drug offenses .

The latest plan emphasised promoting growth by reducing state intervention and increasing the role of private investment .
the latest plan emphasised promoting growth by reducing state intervention and [raising] the role of private investment .

Silva , who reportedly resented the increasing centralization of government economic decision-making in the hands of Economy Minister Zélia Cardoso de Mello , was the most important figure to leave the Collor government to date , his ministry the most powerful ( in budgetary terms ) after that of the economy .
silva , who reportedly resented the [raising] centralization of government economic decision-making in the hands of economy minister zélia cardoso de mello , was the most important figure to leave the collor government to date , his ministry the most powerful ( in budgetary terms ) after that of the economy .

The last business completed by both houses , besides passage of the continuing resolution on the budget , the Constitution ( 75th Amendment ) Bill and resolutions to extend president 's rule in Punjab and Assam [ see below ] , also included a measure increasing parliamentary pensions by 150 per cent .
the last business completed by both houses , besides passage of the continuing resolution on the budget , the constitution ( 75th amendment ) bill and resolutions to extend president 's rule in punjab and assam [ see below ] , also included a measure [raising] parliamentary pensions by 150 per cent .

The budget — the first since sterling entered the exchange rate mechanism of the European Monetary System [ see p. 37782 ] — was introduced against a background of increasing fears of recession .
the budget — the first since sterling entered the exchange rate mechanism of the european monetary system [ see p. 37782 ] — was introduced against a background of [raising] fears of recession .

Economic uncertainty and a return to a monthly inflation rate of over 24 per cent had prompted an increasing trend for people to convert their assets into gold and dollars .
economic uncertainty and a return to a monthly inflation rate of over 24 per cent had prompted an [raising] trend for people to convert their assets into gold and dollars .

Developments in the republics in October , in the accelerated process of the dissolution of central Soviet power , included assertions of increasing autonomy not only over economic but also over military arrangements [ see under individual headings below , but also p. 38553 for Gorbachev 's statement when proposing arms reductions that central control over Soviet nuclear weapons would remain ] .
developments in the republics in october , in the accelerated process of the dissolution of central soviet power , included assertions of [raising] autonomy not only over economic but also over military arrangements [ see under individual headings below , but also p. 38553 for gorbachev 's statement when proposing arms reductions that central control over soviet nuclear weapons would remain ] .

Grachev 's remarks also included proposals to increase the professionalism of the army by reducing the length of service and increasing the proportion of volunteers to conscripts .
grachev 's remarks also included proposals to increase the professionalism of the army by reducing the length of service and [raising] the proportion of volunteers to conscripts .

Virgilio Avila Vivas replaced Alejandro Izaguirre Angeli as Minister of the Interior , an appointment seen as a move to build up political support for the efforts of the security forces to deal with increasing protests against the government 's economic policies [ but see below for his replacement ; for November 1991 protests , see p. 35571 ] .
virgilio avila vivas replaced alejandro izaguirre angeli as minister of the interior , an appointment seen as a move to build up political support for the efforts of the security forces to deal with [raising] protests against the government 's economic policies [ but see below for his replacement ; for november 1991 protests , see p. 35571 ] .

Described as `` red patriots `` the group had only eight deputies in the Supreme Soviet , but observers noted that the ideas which it promoted were gathering increasing support in Russia .
described as `` red patriots `` the group had only eight deputies in the supreme soviet , but observers noted that the ideas which it promoted were gathering [raising] support in russia .

The Economist of Feb. 29 noted that enterprises were selling dollars in increasing amounts , and suggested that although the shortage of rouble notes was a major reason for the rise in the rouble 's value , monetary pressure could also be a factor .
the economist of feb. 29 noted that enterprises were selling dollars in [raising] amounts , and suggested that although the shortage of rouble notes was a major reason for the rise in the rouble 's value , monetary pressure could also be a factor .

Mutalibov faced increasing pressure as demonstrators in Baku , the Azerbaijani capital , called for his resignation , and the republic 's parliament refused to endorse his proposed peace plan ( involving cultural autonomy for Nagorny Karabakh within Azerbaijan ) .
mutalibov faced [raising] pressure as demonstrators in baku , the azerbaijani capital , called for his resignation , and the republic 's parliament refused to endorse his proposed peace plan ( involving cultural autonomy for nagorny karabakh within azerbaijan ) .

An increasing number of apparent revenge attacks in early February marked an increase in sectarian violence .
an [raising] number of apparent revenge attacks in early february marked an increase in sectarian violence .

The move was widely regarded as an expression of his increasing dissatisfaction with the Labour Party , with which his Yahad party had merged in 1986 [ see p. 34770 ] .
the move was widely regarded as an expression of his [raising] dissatisfaction with the labour party , with which his yahad party had merged in 1986 [ see p. 34770 ] .

There appeared an increasing possibility , however , that they would face a powerful challenge in the November presidential election from the independent candidacy of Texan billionaire Ross Perot .
there appeared an [raising] possibility , however , that they would face a powerful challenge in the november presidential election from the independent candidacy of texan billionaire ross perot .

In order to tackle the problem of the escalating budget deficit and increasing public debts the government would pursue a policy of austerity in both public and private expenditure . ``
in order to tackle the problem of the escalating budget deficit and [raising] public debts the government would pursue a policy of austerity in both public and private expenditure . ``

Some 750,000 black peasant farmers shared 15,000,000 hectares of largely poor quality `` communal `` land which was being placed under ever increasing pressure by Zimbabwe 's 3.5 per cent annual population growth .
some 750,000 black peasant farmers shared 15,000,000 hectares of largely poor quality `` communal `` land which was being placed under ever [raising] pressure by zimbabwe 's 3.5 per cent annual population growth .

Inflation remained high as did the budget deficit , overdue debts had `` become prolonged `` , and unemployment was increasing .
inflation remained high as did the budget deficit , overdue debts had `` become prolonged `` , and unemployment was [raising] .

The United States administration meanwhile came under increasing congressional criticism for its failure to take a position on the situation in Zaïre .
the united states administration meanwhile came under [raising] congressional criticism for its failure to take a position on the situation in zaïre .

Rutskoi , who had forcefully supported the imposition of a state of emergency , defended his decision in the face of increasing criticism .
rutskoi , who had forcefully supported the imposition of a state of emergency , defended his decision in the face of [raising] criticism .

Increasing violence — Deployment of extra troops
[raising] violence — deployment of extra troops

These moves took place , however , against a growing background of uncertainty as to whether the increasing political instability might make it difficult to implement all of the agreements undertaken by the Soviet leadership on behalf of the Soviet Union .
these moves took place , however , against a growing background of uncertainty as to whether the [raising] political instability might make it difficult to implement all of the agreements undertaken by the soviet leadership on behalf of the soviet union .

In mid-1987 supplementary elections took place in six provinces , increasing the number of members in the Assembly to 123 .
in mid-1987 supplementary elections took place in six provinces , [raising] the number of members in the assembly to 123 .

External relations were dominated by increasing tension with Pakistan over Kashmir [ see below ; p. 37965 ; see also p. 38631 ] .
external relations were dominated by [raising] tension with pakistan over kashmir [ see below ; p. 37965 ; see also p. 38631 ] .

Property prices continued to rise substantially faster than inflation , and there was evidence of increasing public resentment towards speculators .
property prices continued to rise substantially faster than inflation , and there was evidence of [raising] public resentment towards speculators .

In 1965 Ferdinand Marcos became President and retained power thereafter through the increasing use of political corruption and coercion .
in 1965 ferdinand marcos became president and retained power thereafter through the [raising] use of political corruption and coercion .

The 247,400 million peso budget involved increasing spending by 17.9 per cent over the adjusted 1990 budget of 209,800 million pesos .
the 247,400 million peso budget involved [raising] spending by 17.9 per cent over the adjusted 1990 budget of 209,800 million pesos .

Federal Treasurer Paul Keating retained his post and added to it the title of Deputy Prime Minister , thereby increasing speculation that he would succeed Hawke as Prime Minister [ see above ] .
federal treasurer paul keating retained his post and added to it the title of deputy prime minister , thereby [raising] speculation that he would succeed hawke as prime minister [ see above ] .

Although the 1988 Matignon Accords formed the basis of a ceasefire in the struggle for the New Caledonian independence , there was increasing discussion during 1990 of the possibility that the planned independence referendum — scheduled for 1998 — could be abandoned in favour of a form of independence in association with France .
although the 1988 matignon accords formed the basis of a ceasefire in the struggle for the new caledonian independence , there was [raising] discussion during 1990 of the possibility that the planned independence referendum — scheduled for 1998 — could be abandoned in favour of a form of independence in association with france .

Lini 's increasing insecurity was reflected in his decision in late 1990 to assume responsibility for several key Cabinet portfolios , and his dismissal of Finance Minister Molisa in early 1991 .
lini 's [raising] insecurity was reflected in his decision in late 1990 to assume responsibility for several key cabinet portfolios , and his dismissal of finance minister molisa in early 1991 .

Amid signs of increasing desperation , Bush appeared to adopt a two-pronged strategy , using his powers as President to take actions calculated to improve his popularity , while his campaign staff increased the negative content of the campaign by intensifying their attacks on the character of Clinton , particularly in regard to his attempts as a student to avoid being drafted to Vietnam .
amid signs of [raising] desperation , bush appeared to adopt a two-pronged strategy , using his powers as president to take actions calculated to improve his popularity , while his campaign staff increased the negative content of the campaign by intensifying their attacks on the character of clinton , particularly in regard to his attempts as a student to avoid being drafted to vietnam .

At the end of September the picture was complicated by increasing evidence that the billionaire Ross Perot , who had campaigned as an undeclared candidate in the early stages of the race but then withdrawn [ see pp .
at the end of september the picture was complicated by [raising] evidence that the billionaire ross perot , who had campaigned as an undeclared candidate in the early stages of the race but then withdrawn [ see pp .

An increasing amount of documentary material , however , particularly among the evidence which led to the indictment of Weinberger , suggested that Bush had not merely known of , but also encouraged pursuit of the deal against the objections of Weinberger and the then Secretary of State George Shultz .
an [raising] amount of documentary material , however , particularly among the evidence which led to the indictment of weinberger , suggested that bush had not merely known of , but also encouraged pursuit of the deal against the objections of weinberger and the then secretary of state george shultz .

Parliamentary reform proposals on increasing remuneration and other personal allowances for parliamentarians were rejected by substantial majorities , while a proposal for increasing parliamentary participation in foreign policy was accepted by 58.1 per cent to 41.9 per cent .
parliamentary reform proposals on [raising] remuneration and other personal allowances for parliamentarians were rejected by substantial majorities , while a proposal for [raising] parliamentary participation in foreign policy was accepted by 58.1 per cent to 41.9 per cent .

Increasing violence
[raising] violence

The decision to dismiss Yakovlev caused strong criticism in the liberal press , which warned that it showed an increasing reluctance to brook opposition on the part of the Russian leadership and could be interpreted as a sacrifice to conservative forces prior to the forthcoming Congress of People 's Deputies .
the decision to dismiss yakovlev caused strong criticism in the liberal press , which warned that it showed an [raising] reluctance to brook opposition on the part of the russian leadership and could be interpreted as a sacrifice to conservative forces prior to the forthcoming congress of people 's deputies .

An article in Le Monde on March 22 , 1990 , pointed to the increasing concern among Third-World countries that they would become the target of criticism for their human rights records as the confrontation between East and West declined .
an article in le monde on march 22 , 1990 , pointed to the [raising] concern among third-world countries that they would become the target of criticism for their human rights records as the confrontation between east and west declined .

The new resolution would come into force on Jan. 1 , when public transport fares would also go up , and some other services would become more expensive — water supply and sewage charges increasing fivefold and heat and electricity sevenfold .
the new resolution would come into force on jan. 1 , when public transport fares would also go up , and some other services would become more expensive — water supply and sewage charges [raising] fivefold and heat and electricity sevenfold .

One of the consequences of Canada 's uncertain future was increasing regional co-operation between groups of the English-speaking provinces .
one of the consequences of canada 's uncertain future was [raising] regional co-operation between groups of the english-speaking provinces .

The changes were aimed at developing industry and increasing exports , in particular to other countries apart from India .
the changes were aimed at developing industry and [raising] exports , in particular to other countries apart from india .

By mid-March as many as 210,000 were living in makeshift camps in Bangladesh and the numbers entering were increasing daily amid reports of mass killings , forced conscriptions and torture in Arakan province .
by mid-march as many as 210,000 were living in makeshift camps in bangladesh and the numbers entering were [raising] daily amid reports of mass killings , forced conscriptions and torture in arakan province .

Other proposals made in the Vusela-2 report were the expansion of both houses of parliament , with the House of Assembly increasing from 40 to 50 elective members , and the Senate from 10 to 20 members .
other proposals made in the vusela-2 report were the expansion of both houses of parliament , with the house of assembly [raising] from 40 to 50 elective members , and the senate from 10 to 20 members .

Heads of state and government agreed that member states face common economic challenges , and were concerned at lower growth and increasing unemployment .
heads of state and government agreed that member states face common economic challenges , and were concerned at lower growth and [raising] unemployment .

The government of President Hastings Kamuzu Banda came under increasing pressure from Western governments to improve its human rights record as it took action to arrest the pro-democracy campaigner , Chakufwa Chihana , and to expel Mgr John Roche , Roman Catholic bishop-elect of Mzimba .
the government of president hastings kamuzu banda came under [raising] pressure from western governments to improve its human rights record as it took action to arrest the pro-democracy campaigner , chakufwa chihana , and to expel mgr john roche , roman catholic bishop-elect of mzimba .

Trovoada had been under increasing popular pressure to take action against Daio after the latter publicly criticized him on April 3 .
trovoada had been under [raising] popular pressure to take action against daio after the latter publicly criticized him on april 3 .

Iulian Vlad , the former head of the Securitate ( secret police ) , instead increasing his prison term from nine to 12 years , at the request of the prosecution .
iulian vlad , the former head of the securitate ( secret police ) , instead [raising] his prison term from nine to 12 years , at the request of the prosecution .

Despite Bush 's remarks , there were increasing signs of an imminent ground attack as allied units moved west along the Saudi border preparing to outflank the enemy by striking directly into Iraq .
despite bush 's remarks , there were [raising] signs of an imminent ground attack as allied units moved west along the saudi border preparing to outflank the enemy by striking directly into iraq .

There were also increasing reports of artillery bombardments against Iraqi positions and of forays into southern Kuwait by allied armoured units .
there were also [raising] reports of artillery bombardments against iraqi positions and of forays into southern kuwait by allied armoured units .

In the final days before the ground assault there were reports of increasing allied artillery fire and skirmishing inside Iraqi-held territory as the allies sought to destroy those enemy fortifications — including sand ramparts known as berms , oil-filled ditches and mine fields — which had survived the bombing campaign .
in the final days before the ground assault there were reports of [raising] allied artillery fire and skirmishing inside iraqi-held territory as the allies sought to destroy those enemy fortifications — including sand ramparts known as berms , oil-filled ditches and mine fields — which had survived the bombing campaign .

Argentina 's Economy Minister , Domingo Cavallo , appointed on Jan. 29 [ see p. 37959 ] , announced an emergency tax plan on Feb. 4 in an attempt to halt the current economic crisis and to establish fiscal solvency by increasing revenues by the equivalent of $ 2,400 million a year .
argentina 's economy minister , domingo cavallo , appointed on jan. 29 [ see p. 37959 ] , announced an emergency tax plan on feb. 4 in an attempt to halt the current economic crisis and to establish fiscal solvency by [raising] revenues by the equivalent of $ 2,400 million a year .

The Feb. 23 coup came after months of increasing tension between the military and the Chatichai government .
the feb. 23 coup came after months of [raising] tension between the military and the chatichai government .

Under the protocol 14 areas were identified for the purpose of increasing , diversifying and balancing trade and economic co-operation between the two countries .
under the protocol 14 areas were identified for the purpose of [raising] , diversifying and balancing trade and economic co-operation between the two countries .

The caretaker government had earlier introduced new laws increasing the penalties for election offences .
the caretaker government had earlier introduced new laws [raising] the penalties for election offences .

The $ 9,000 million was to be borrowed by issuing short-term bonds to be redeemed in the next financial year by increasing taxes on oil and cigarettes and by introducing a corporate tax surcharge .
the $ 9,000 million was to be borrowed by issuing short-term bonds to be redeemed in the next financial year by [raising] taxes on oil and cigarettes and by introducing a corporate tax surcharge .

Recently the Georgian Supreme Soviet had responded to this increasing violence by voting to make the carrying of firearms by the general public illegal , and had given the population until the end of February to surrender weapons .
recently the georgian supreme soviet had responded to this [raising] violence by voting to make the carrying of firearms by the general public illegal , and had given the population until the end of february to surrender weapons .

The anti-Hoxha demonstrations were put down by the police and troops with increasing force , and on Feb. 23 it was officially reported that two demonstrators and a policeman had been shot dead when a crowd reportedly tried to storm the Tirana military academy ( the opposition claimed up to 30 dead , and attributed some of the shooting to clashes between rival pro- and anti-reform factions within the army ) .
the anti-hoxha demonstrations were put down by the police and troops with [raising] force , and on feb. 23 it was officially reported that two demonstrators and a policeman had been shot dead when a crowd reportedly tried to storm the tirana military academy ( the opposition claimed up to 30 dead , and attributed some of the shooting to clashes between rival pro- and anti-reform factions within the army ) .

The package , already outlined in late January [ see pp. 37941-42 ] , included measures ( i ) increasing the maximum prison sentence for breaches of export laws from three to 10 years ; ( ii ) allowing income from illegal trade to be seized ; ( iii ) giving extra powers to customs and export control authorities and staff ; and ( iv ) allowing the security services to tap telephones and open mail in their investigations .
the package , already outlined in late january [ see pp. 37941-42 ] , included measures ( i ) [raising] the maximum prison sentence for breaches of export laws from three to 10 years ; ( ii ) allowing income from illegal trade to be seized ; ( iii ) giving extra powers to customs and export control authorities and staff ; and ( iv ) allowing the security services to tap telephones and open mail in their investigations .

1990 was a year of continuing setbacks for the government : there were a series of defeats in its long-running war with separatist and rebel movements , chronic economic problems and the increasing threat of severe famine .
1990 was a year of continuing setbacks for the government : there were a series of defeats in its long-running war with separatist and rebel movements , chronic economic problems and the [raising] threat of severe famine .

Khadafi and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak met for talks in February and June to discuss regional issues and ways of increasing co-operation in agriculture , industry , health and telecommunications .
khadafi and egyptian president hosni mubarak met for talks in february and june to discuss regional issues and ways of [raising] co-operation in agriculture , industry , health and telecommunications .

Third , markets also became increasingly fragmented as rising affluence led to increasing demands for differentiated products from discriminating purchasers .
third , markets also became increasingly fragmented as rising affluence led to [raising] demands for differentiated products from discriminating purchasers .

Critics could argue that higher productivity was being achieved at the cost of pushing patients out of hospital `` quicker and sicker `` , and increasing the number of patients treated was still consistent with unmet need .
critics could argue that higher productivity was being achieved at the cost of pushing patients out of hospital `` quicker and sicker `` , and [raising] the number of patients treated was still consistent with unmet need .

Evidence of change lay in the increasing local diversity of management arrangements as authorities and managers used their new found autonomy to shape structures and roles to suit themselves .
evidence of change lay in the [raising] local diversity of management arrangements as authorities and managers used their new found autonomy to shape structures and roles to suit themselves .

The development of professionalism in nursing has led to an increasing emphasis on individualised care : adapting practice to the unique needs of each patient , enhancing the autonomy of patients in the organisation of care and encouraging independence .
the development of professionalism in nursing has led to an [raising] emphasis on individualised care : adapting practice to the unique needs of each patient , enhancing the autonomy of patients in the organisation of care and encouraging independence .

First , concepts of quality in health care are still determined largely by the professionals , with managers staking out an increasing role .
first , concepts of quality in health care are still determined largely by the professionals , with managers staking out an [raising] role .

Increasing job opportunities and opening doors
[raising] job opportunities and opening doors

This can be avoided in the second model : Here pupils would begin at an agreed level and be guided through tasks with demands at each step increasing so that every child can positively achieve , i.e .
this can be avoided in the second model : here pupils would begin at an agreed level and be guided through tasks with demands at each step [raising] so that every child can positively achieve , i.e .

There has been increasing confusion over the terms `` assessment `` and `` record-keeping `` .
there has been [raising] confusion over the terms `` assessment `` and `` record-keeping `` .

An increasing number of educational days or events are being offered by bodies such as English Heritage at historic sites .
an [raising] number of educational days or events are being offered by bodies such as english heritage at historic sites .

Also television documentaries are making increasing use of archive film from the stores of national and regional film archives .
also television documentaries are making [raising] use of archive film from the stores of national and regional film archives .

An increasing number of history simulations are available .
an [raising] number of history simulations are available .

The Enterprise Centre 's role is to act as a catalyst to encourage further development of live project work so that an increasing number of students get an opportunity to tackle this special combination of project work and contact with industry and to co-ordinate the evaluation of the ‘ Live Projects ’ scheme .
the enterprise centre 's role is to act as a catalyst to encourage further development of live project work so that an [raising] number of students get an opportunity to tackle this special combination of project work and contact with industry and to co-ordinate the evaluation of the ‘ live projects ’ scheme .

With increasing homelessness during the 1980s , the government in 1991 proposed a new crime of squatting in shops and houses attracting fines of up to £5,000 or six months imprisonment and giving police powers to enter and arrest .
with [raising] homelessness during the 1980s , the government in 1991 proposed a new crime of squatting in shops and houses attracting fines of up to £5,000 or six months imprisonment and giving police powers to enter and arrest .

People interested in agricultural improvement in the nineteenth century — in improving farming methods , in increasing the potential yield of land and in methods of improving the manner of storage of its produce — saw the formal lease as a mechanism for spelling out in advance precisely who was responsible for what , and for enshrining in legal terms how the land was to be utilised .
people interested in agricultural improvement in the nineteenth century — in improving farming methods , in [raising] the potential yield of land and in methods of improving the manner of storage of its produce — saw the formal lease as a mechanism for spelling out in advance precisely who was responsible for what , and for enshrining in legal terms how the land was to be utilised .

It is likely that computerized storage and retrieval facilities will take on an increasing importance in literary studies ; so it is worth exploring them whenever you can .
it is likely that computerized storage and retrieval facilities will take on an [raising] importance in literary studies ; so it is worth exploring them whenever you can .

Services tailored for the frequent traveller to obtain an increasing share of the profitable business market became an important issue for the international hotel industy when utilising new card technology in security systems .
services tailored for the frequent traveller to obtain an [raising] share of the profitable business market became an important issue for the international hotel industy when utilising new card technology in security systems .

With increasing demands on caterers to provide top quality food quickly and efficiently , chefs are turning to well-established equipment manufacturers to provide them with state of the art equipment which will make their job easier .
with [raising] demands on caterers to provide top quality food quickly and efficiently , chefs are turning to well-established equipment manufacturers to provide them with state of the art equipment which will make their job easier .

The increasing part played by high technology in the manufacture and operation of cookers and ranges , enables the chef to have his cake and eat it .
the [raising] part played by high technology in the manufacture and operation of cookers and ranges , enables the chef to have his cake and eat it .

Joan can be said to be responding to Carol 's relatively heavy use of Creole by increasing the `` Creole feature rating `` of her own utterances : thus the two `` negotiate a language `` which is identifiable as `` Creole `` or `` Patois `` by virtue of there being Creole features in the speech of all parties , though to differing degrees .
joan can be said to be responding to carol 's relatively heavy use of creole by [raising] the `` creole feature rating `` of her own utterances : thus the two `` negotiate a language `` which is identifiable as `` creole `` or `` patois `` by virtue of there being creole features in the speech of all parties , though to differing degrees .

Speakers of Hiberno-English ( one variety of English used in Ireland ) are under increasing pressure to modify their language in the direction of Standard English , which is the prestige norm in Ireland .
speakers of hiberno-english ( one variety of english used in ireland ) are under [raising] pressure to modify their language in the direction of standard english , which is the prestige norm in ireland .

This has had the effect of increasing the premiums paid by doctors for medical insurance .
this has had the effect of [raising] the premiums paid by doctors for medical insurance .

According to Hermann , working in the late eleventh century , this happened because Edmund 's popularity was increasing , and this tends to be confirmed by the entry of his feast-day in calendars produced in Winchester and Canterbury at about the same time , and by the inclusion of a special mass for him in a sacramentary probably written in Ely .
according to hermann , working in the late eleventh century , this happened because edmund 's popularity was [raising] , and this tends to be confirmed by the entry of his feast-day in calendars produced in winchester and canterbury at about the same time , and by the inclusion of a special mass for him in a sacramentary probably written in ely .

As it is not recorded until the work of Hermann and Florence of Worcester , who states that the saint speared Swegen from his horse , it would not be impossible to consider this story a reaction to taxation by the Normans ; but if it did originate earlier it too conceivably had something to do with Edmund 's increasing popularity , and if Florence 's version was current in Cnut 's time he can not have been flattered by the notion that Edmund had disposed of his father in a similar way to that in which St Mercurius was believed to have killed the emperor Julian the Apostate .
as it is not recorded until the work of hermann and florence of worcester , who states that the saint speared swegen from his horse , it would not be impossible to consider this story a reaction to taxation by the normans ; but if it did originate earlier it too conceivably had something to do with edmund 's [raising] popularity , and if florence 's version was current in cnut 's time he can not have been flattered by the notion that edmund had disposed of his father in a similar way to that in which st mercurius was believed to have killed the emperor julian the apostate .

There was also increasing criticism of de Gaulle 's policies .
there was also [raising] criticism of de gaulle 's policies .

There was an increasing sense of `` now or never `` in his actions .
there was an [raising] sense of `` now or never `` in his actions .

These arise from comparative advantage opportunities , increasing competition ( including X-inefficiency and non-price effects ) , reaping economies of scale and from increased returns to capital and labour .
these arise from comparative advantage opportunities , [raising] competition ( including x-inefficiency and non-price effects ) , reaping economies of scale and from increased returns to capital and labour .

The removal of tariffs can reduce monopoly power within the home country by increasing the possible sources of supply .
the removal of tariffs can reduce monopoly power within the home country by [raising] the possible sources of supply .

For many years there have been worries over the increasing monopolisation of British industry , as evidenced by increased levels of both aggregate and market concentration , and for which there is little doubt that merger activity has , at times , been a major causal factor ( see e.g .
for many years there have been worries over the [raising] monopolisation of british industry , as evidenced by increased levels of both aggregate and market concentration , and for which there is little doubt that merger activity has , at times , been a major causal factor ( see e.g .

At the same time as giving such notice to the Proposing Transferor , the Company shall offer the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice to the Members ( other than the Proposing Transferor ) for purchase at the Prescribed Price on terms that in case of competition the Shares so offered shall be sold to the Members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without increasing the number sold to any Member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their existing holdings of Shares .
at the same time as giving such notice to the proposing transferor , the company shall offer the shares comprised in the transfer notice to the members ( other than the proposing transferor ) for purchase at the prescribed price on terms that in case of competition the shares so offered shall be sold to the members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without [raising] the number sold to any member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their existing holdings of shares .

At the same time as giving such notice to the Proposing Transferor , the Company shall offer the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice to the Members ( other than the Proposing Transferor ) for purchase at the Prescribed Price on terms that in case of competition the Shares so offered shall be sold to the Members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without increasing the number sold to any Member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their existing holdings of Shares .
at the same time as giving such notice to the proposing transferor , the company shall offer the shares comprised in the transfer notice to the members ( other than the proposing transferor ) for purchase at the prescribed price on terms that in case of competition the shares so offered shall be sold to the members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without [raising] the number sold to any member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their existing holdings of shares .

Increasing demand was largely met by country girls .
[raising] demand was largely met by country girls .

Nor is it clear that increasing sophistication , defined by literacy , or increasing religiosity , as brought for example to some communities by Methodism , made much difference in this respect .
nor is it clear that [raising] sophistication , defined by literacy , or [raising] religiosity , as brought for example to some communities by methodism , made much difference in this respect .

Sometimes this was easier and cheaper , especially as increasing population could outpace workhouse provision ; sometimes it was because the parish officers discriminated in their application of the `` test `` and did not apply it to all kinds of claimant .
sometimes this was easier and cheaper , especially as [raising] population could outpace workhouse provision ; sometimes it was because the parish officers discriminated in their application of the `` test `` and did not apply it to all kinds of claimant .

For a while the increasing national cost of poor relief after mid century did not bring with it harsher attitudes .
for a while the [raising] national cost of poor relief after mid century did not bring with it harsher attitudes .

Before the 1790s higher spending on poor relief , although it convinced many contemporaries that the incidence of poverty was increasing , probably did not , except in particularly bad years , reflect much other than the increase in population and in food prices .
before the 1790s higher spending on poor relief , although it convinced many contemporaries that the incidence of poverty was [raising] , probably did not , except in particularly bad years , reflect much other than the increase in population and in food prices .

It was assumed that parishes , very largely the agricultural villages of the southern and eastern cereal regions , who were using Speenhamland-like systems of poor relief , had placed themselves on a vicious spiral of soaring poor rates and were progressively increasing the very poverty they sought to relieve .
it was assumed that parishes , very largely the agricultural villages of the southern and eastern cereal regions , who were using speenhamland-like systems of poor relief , had placed themselves on a vicious spiral of soaring poor rates and were progressively [raising] the very poverty they sought to relieve .

Increasing levels of poverty were a likely outcome .
[raising] levels of poverty were a likely outcome .

Enclosure may not have been the only or even the most potent of the forces increasing and impoverishing the rural proletariat in the southern and Midland counties , but it was impor-tant in bringing many to a total wage-dependency .
enclosure may not have been the only or even the most potent of the forces [raising] and impoverishing the rural proletariat in the southern and midland counties , but it was impor-tant in bringing many to a total wage-dependency .

Partly because it was increasing in numbers ; more particularly because it was seeking to gain a foothold in the rural parishes which had thus far been largely impervious to its appeal and especially because , in the era of the French Revolution , anything which seemed to pose a threat to the Church of England established by law was suspect .
partly because it was [raising] in numbers ; more particularly because it was seeking to gain a foothold in the rural parishes which had thus far been largely impervious to its appeal and especially because , in the era of the french revolution , anything which seemed to pose a threat to the church of england established by law was suspect .

For although the great mass of its membership was working class , it also embraced an increasing section of the industrial bourgeoisie .
for although the great mass of its membership was working class , it also embraced an [raising] section of the industrial bourgeoisie .

The effect of Methodism in increasing the acceptance of harsh working conditions by its working-class adherents was remarked by William Beckford on a visit to a Cornish mine as early as 1787 .
the effect of methodism in [raising] the acceptance of harsh working conditions by its working-class adherents was remarked by william beckford on a visit to a cornish mine as early as 1787 .

In a challenging analysis Hans Medick has pointed to the increasing output of gin as indicating greater working-class expenditure on leisure .
in a challenging analysis hans medick has pointed to the [raising] output of gin as indicating greater working-class expenditure on leisure .

That this was so , and that its effect was emphasised by the fact that it was largely in these same regions that opportunities for women and children to earn expanded when elsewhere they may even have declined , explains why home demand at least did not collapse despite increasing dependency ratios , very slowly growing income per capita and a deterioration in real wages on the part of , probably , the majority of the working population .
that this was so , and that its effect was emphasised by the fact that it was largely in these same regions that opportunities for women and children to earn expanded when elsewhere they may even have declined , explains why home demand at least did not collapse despite [raising] dependency ratios , very slowly growing income per capita and a deterioration in real wages on the part of , probably , the majority of the working population .

This group benefited most from the increasing absorption of men into the Army and Navy which peaked at around 10 per cent of the adult male labour force , nullifying the effect of population increase on the labour market .
this group benefited most from the [raising] absorption of men into the army and navy which peaked at around 10 per cent of the adult male labour force , nullifying the effect of population increase on the labour market .

Some manufacturers lose export markets , while others find war increasing the demand for their products .
some manufacturers lose export markets , while others find war [raising] the demand for their products .

In the former district prosperity lasted throughout the war years , which had seen the increasing use of the flying shuttle ( spring loom ) .
in the former district prosperity lasted throughout the war years , which had seen the [raising] use of the flying shuttle ( spring loom ) .

In the Birmingham hardware trades the increasing use of stamping and piercing machines from the mid eighteenth century increased the employment of women , who usually earned between 2s 6d ( 12½p ) and 7s ( 35p ) a week , similarly well below the wages of male artisans .
in the birmingham hardware trades the [raising] use of stamping and piercing machines from the mid eighteenth century increased the employment of women , who usually earned between 2s 6d ( 12½p ) and 7s ( 35p ) a week , similarly well below the wages of male artisans .

The system which probably developed in the late eighteenth century seems to have been especially increasing from 1790 .
the system which probably developed in the late eighteenth century seems to have been especially [raising] from 1790 .

Dr Berg has suggested that the spread of family-based cottage manufactures played a part in determining the low status and value of women 's work even though it , and that of the increasing number of children they produced , was both necessary for the manufacture and significant for family earnings .
dr berg has suggested that the spread of family-based cottage manufactures played a part in determining the low status and value of women 's work even though it , and that of the [raising] number of children they produced , was both necessary for the manufacture and significant for family earnings .

Although a fully national market for grain hardly existed in the eighteenth century , a widespread trade was being operated as increasing urbanisation extended the demand for food supplies over greater distances .
although a fully national market for grain hardly existed in the eighteenth century , a widespread trade was being operated as [raising] urbanisation extended the demand for food supplies over greater distances .

In years of scarcity , therefore , the miners faced not only enhanced prices but a real deficiency in supply as the activities of agents buying for London increased and as farmers displayed an increasing preference for selling in large quantities rather than piecemeal in local markets .
in years of scarcity , therefore , the miners faced not only enhanced prices but a real deficiency in supply as the activities of agents buying for london increased and as farmers displayed an [raising] preference for selling in large quantities rather than piecemeal in local markets .

Thus at the acoustic-phonetic level the Chart could represent , for example , a segment lattice , which as the project progressed , could contain segmentation and labelling information of increasing complexity .
thus at the acoustic-phonetic level the chart could represent , for example , a segment lattice , which as the project progressed , could contain segmentation and labelling information of [raising] complexity .

In Chart-parsing terms , leaving the lower-level interpretation open effectively means increasing the depth of the phoneme graph .
in chart-parsing terms , leaving the lower-level interpretation open effectively means [raising] the depth of the phoneme graph .

One of the aims of this chapter is to look at the effect on word discriminability in continuous speech of increasing the depth of the phoneme graph .
one of the aims of this chapter is to look at the effect on word discriminability in continuous speech of [raising] the depth of the phoneme graph .

increasing the specificity of the acoustic information .
[raising] the specificity of the acoustic information .

increasing the specificity of the acoustic information , and
[raising] the specificity of the acoustic information , and

Increasing the specificity of the acoustic information .
[raising] the specificity of the acoustic information .

As a means towards reducing the number of word paths , we considered the possibility of increasing the number of ‘ sound units ’ by using allophones in both the input utterance and the lexicon .
as a means towards reducing the number of word paths , we considered the possibility of [raising] the number of ‘ sound units ’ by using allophones in both the input utterance and the lexicon .

An alternative means of increasing the number of units in the input utterance , and thereby decreasing the number of word paths found , would be to include stress in the lexicon and input utterance .
an alternative means of [raising] the number of units in the input utterance , and thereby decreasing the number of word paths found , would be to include stress in the lexicon and input utterance .

Recovery from this sort of error is possible by increasing the size of the buffer .
recovery from this sort of error is possible by [raising] the size of the buffer .

But since only the score achieved so far is used , no account is taken of the possibility of right context effects increasing the score of the whole path .
but since only the score achieved so far is used , no account is taken of the possibility of right context effects [raising] the score of the whole path .

We are concerned just with the exponentially increasing ‘ top band ’ of word paths which are homophonous with the correct interpretation .
we are concerned just with the exponentially [raising] ‘ top band ’ of word paths which are homophonous with the correct interpretation .

After this comes 26 weeks of real training , which starts with basic counter operation and then extends to cover the entire range of bread and confectionery manufacturing processes , as well as the necessities of system management which is an area of growing importance with the increasing computerisation of our operations .
after this comes 26 weeks of real training , which starts with basic counter operation and then extends to cover the entire range of bread and confectionery manufacturing processes , as well as the necessities of system management which is an area of growing importance with the [raising] computerisation of our operations .

This study is a review of issues associated with increasing participation in higher education .
this study is a review of issues associated with [raising] participation in higher education .

However , on the basis of the findings of this study Universities need not fear increasing their mature student intake .
however , on the basis of the findings of this study universities need not fear [raising] their mature student intake .

While fighting against Carthage , the Romans learnt Greek and absorbed Greek customs and knowledge at increasing speed .
while fighting against carthage , the romans learnt greek and absorbed greek customs and knowledge at [raising] speed .

And Willis had it in his heart to be sorry for old Dreadnought , as she struggled to rise against the increasing load of water .
and willis had it in his heart to be sorry for old dreadnought , as she struggled to rise against the [raising] load of water .

The number of vegetarians in Britain is increasing .
the number of vegetarians in britain is [raising] .

And , ironically again , the increasing specialization of Greek scholarship made it increasingly more problematic for German writers to draw on Greek literature and its topoi as wholeheartedly as they once had .
and , ironically again , the [raising] specialization of greek scholarship made it increasingly more problematic for german writers to draw on greek literature and its topoi as wholeheartedly as they once had .

When , at last , the deep adit came in below these workings , and connection was made with the deepening shafts , ore from that source was brought out in ever increasing amounts until the Paddy End Mill was closed down .
when , at last , the deep adit came in below these workings , and connection was made with the deepening shafts , ore from that source was brought out in ever [raising] amounts until the paddy end mill was closed down .

( f ) To support family planning as a health measure in maternal and child health programmes as a way of reducing births that occur too early or too late in the mother 's life , of increasing the interval between births and of diminishing higher birth orders , and by giving special consideration to the needs of those in the postpartum and/or breast-feeding period ;
( f ) to support family planning as a health measure in maternal and child health programmes as a way of reducing births that occur too early or too late in the mother 's life , of [raising] the interval between births and of diminishing higher birth orders , and by giving special consideration to the needs of those in the postpartum and/or breast-feeding period ;

However , in many of the developed countries in which age at entrance into legal marriage has been rising , later marriage has been counterbalanced by a tendency for increasing proportions of women to establish consensual unions , and at increasingly earlier ages .
however , in many of the developed countries in which age at entrance into legal marriage has been rising , later marriage has been counterbalanced by a tendency for [raising] proportions of women to establish consensual unions , and at increasingly earlier ages .

In this chapter , less emphasis is given to child than to infant mortality and , also , to morbidity , partly because the influence of biological factors becomes considerably weaker during childhood and , partly because the number of observed deaths decreases by age so rapidly that inferences drawn from survey statistics become less significant and the mortality figures more erratic due to increasing sampling errors .
in this chapter , less emphasis is given to child than to infant mortality and , also , to morbidity , partly because the influence of biological factors becomes considerably weaker during childhood and , partly because the number of observed deaths decreases by age so rapidly that inferences drawn from survey statistics become less significant and the mortality figures more erratic due to [raising] sampling errors .

Association was found , for instance , between increasing maternal age and the frequency of Down 's syndrome .
association was found , for instance , between [raising] maternal age and the frequency of down 's syndrome .

For example , in developed countries , as current education standards require more extended formal education and increasing proportions of women subscribe to these advancements , as younger women are enabled to and elect to join the labour force , marriage is postponed , and the secular trend towards younger age at marriage is reversed .
for example , in developed countries , as current education standards require more extended formal education and [raising] proportions of women subscribe to these advancements , as younger women are enabled to and elect to join the labour force , marriage is postponed , and the secular trend towards younger age at marriage is reversed .

8 The class may be divided into any number of levels without increasing the number of teachers .
8 the class may be divided into any number of levels without [raising] the number of teachers .

The Vicar writing in July 1893 ; `` It is interesting to record that there has been no funeral in Halling since March 25th , in the meantime many babies have been born , so it can be seen how it is our population keeps increasing `` .
the vicar writing in july 1893 ; `` it is interesting to record that there has been no funeral in halling since march 25th , in the meantime many babies have been born , so it can be seen how it is our population keeps [raising] `` .

An increasing number of Danakil gathered round our camp .
an [raising] number of danakil gathered round our camp .

With the vast expansion in library collections over the past 20 years , library professionals have had to deal with an ever increasing burden in the production and maintenance of library catalogues .
with the vast expansion in library collections over the past 20 years , library professionals have had to deal with an ever [raising] burden in the production and maintenance of library catalogues .

Being pushed for time , it can be tempting for midwives to go for a shortcut solution — one that does n't involve sitting with a mum for an hour or more , as often as necessary , supporting her , encouraging her and increasing her confidence .
being pushed for time , it can be tempting for midwives to go for a shortcut solution — one that does n't involve sitting with a mum for an hour or more , as often as necessary , supporting her , encouraging her and [raising] her confidence .

It may well be that one consequence of increasing complexity will be a return to standard units .
it may well be that one consequence of [raising] complexity will be a return to standard units .

Partly this is the result of increasing size and competition but it is also the result of a financial philosophy which can not countenance waste and so removes cushions .
partly this is the result of [raising] size and competition but it is also the result of a financial philosophy which can not countenance waste and so removes cushions .

Although this particular patrol was not successful in terms of concrete results , it was quite significant in that it was the start of an increasing interest in Scottish Waters by Cutter Management , up until then most of the Cutter patrols had been concentrated in the south .
although this particular patrol was not successful in terms of concrete results , it was quite significant in that it was the start of an [raising] interest in scottish waters by cutter management , up until then most of the cutter patrols had been concentrated in the south .

The cutters were beginning to feature in an increasing number of combined operations with the Customs Investigation Department .
the cutters were beginning to feature in an [raising] number of combined operations with the customs investigation department .

Some of these were connected with exchange control offences , and a few concerned illegal immigrants in which the police also features ; there were also the usual run of the mill revenue offences involving large consignments of spirits and tobacco goods , but towards the end of 1970 drug smuggling was rapidly increasing .
some of these were connected with exchange control offences , and a few concerned illegal immigrants in which the police also features ; there were also the usual run of the mill revenue offences involving large consignments of spirits and tobacco goods , but towards the end of 1970 drug smuggling was rapidly [raising] .

For many years our shore-based rummage crews had been picking up increasing quantities of drugs from routine searches of merchant vessels within the ports , but often these smuggling attempts were `` one off `` jobs by crew members .
for many years our shore-based rummage crews had been picking up [raising] quantities of drugs from routine searches of merchant vessels within the ports , but often these smuggling attempts were `` one off `` jobs by crew members .

It was becoming more widely accepted by our management that , with the increasing sophistication of our craft and equipment and the growth in crew numbers , proper training for all crewing officers was becoming essential .
it was becoming more widely accepted by our management that , with the [raising] sophistication of our craft and equipment and the growth in crew numbers , proper training for all crewing officers was becoming essential .

However we pressed on to the increasing discomfort of our training lads .
however we pressed on to the [raising] discomfort of our training lads .

Consider a volume dV , then is the rate at which matter is increasing within the volume .
consider a volume dv , then is the rate at which matter is [raising] within the volume .

An involved increasing family
an involved [raising] family

In many cases the use of new technology has led to the numbers of unemployed and those without land increasing .
in many cases the use of new technology has led to the numbers of unemployed and those without land [raising] .

Rectal wall tension increased in a linear way with increasing distension pressures ( Fig 6 ) , whereas rectal compliance decreased in a non-linear way with increasing distension pressure .
rectal wall tension increased in a linear way with [raising] distension pressures ( fig 6 ) , whereas rectal compliance decreased in a non-linear way with [raising] distension pressure .

Apart from increasing our understanding of normal colonic motility patterns , prolonged recordings are providing useful information about different pathological conditions .
apart from [raising] our understanding of normal colonic motility patterns , prolonged recordings are providing useful information about different pathological conditions .

Cells failed to proliferate in culture , which limits any potential for increasing cell number in vitro , but surviving cell clumps impregnated in gelatin squares showed development in vivo .
cells failed to proliferate in culture , which limits any potential for [raising] cell number in vitro , but surviving cell clumps impregnated in gelatin squares showed development in vivo .

In order to obviate the criticism of increasing intraoesophageal pH being related to salivation , however , the present study has extended the application of simultaneous ambulatory oesophageal and gastric pH monitoring and enabled a valid correlation to be made between oesophageal and gastric alkalinisation .
in order to obviate the criticism of [raising] intraoesophageal ph being related to salivation , however , the present study has extended the application of simultaneous ambulatory oesophageal and gastric ph monitoring and enabled a valid correlation to be made between oesophageal and gastric alkalinisation .

Lendrum et al took samples from the oseophagus of both normal volunteers and patients with Barrett 's oesophagus and found a significant correlation between rising pH and increasing concentrations of bile salts .
lendrum et al took samples from the oseophagus of both normal volunteers and patients with barrett 's oesophagus and found a significant correlation between rising ph and [raising] concentrations of bile salts .

The total length of the oesophagus , measured by the location of the distal end of the lower oesophageal sphincter was similar in all patients ; however , the location of the squamous columnar junction extended more proximally and was related to the increasing severity of endoscopic oesophagitis .
the total length of the oesophagus , measured by the location of the distal end of the lower oesophageal sphincter was similar in all patients ; however , the location of the squamous columnar junction extended more proximally and was related to the [raising] severity of endoscopic oesophagitis .

The summary of endoscopic and manometrical findings in controls and patients with reflux oesophagitis is shown in Figure 4 where the mucosal junction seen at endoscopy is located more proximal according to the increasing severity of reflux oesophagitis .
the summary of endoscopic and manometrical findings in controls and patients with reflux oesophagitis is shown in figure 4 where the mucosal junction seen at endoscopy is located more proximal according to the [raising] severity of reflux oesophagitis .

Success of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy was mitigated by the increasing importance of laparoscopic cholecystectomy , and in comparing new techniques projected costs must be analysed .
success of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy was mitigated by the [raising] importance of laparoscopic cholecystectomy , and in comparing new techniques projected costs must be analysed .

Figure 2 ( a-d ) depicts the effect of increasing concentrations of cholesteryl oleate on lysosomal latency .
figure 2 ( a-d ) depicts the effect of [raising] concentrations of cholesteryl oleate on lysosomal latency .

With all lysosomal enzymes studied , there was a progressive decrease in latency with increasing concentrations of cholesteryl oleate when compared with phosophatidylcholine controls .
with all lysosomal enzymes studied , there was a progressive decrease in latency with [raising] concentrations of cholesteryl oleate when compared with phosophatidylcholine controls .

Age specific mortality was used throughout the study taking into account increasing age , but in Asians unlike Europeans this could not be adjusted for changing mortality rates from year to year as these data were unavailable .
age specific mortality was used throughout the study taking into account [raising] age , but in asians unlike europeans this could not be adjusted for changing mortality rates from year to year as these data were unavailable .

The increasing impairment of cerebral blood flow that accompanies senescence results in a greatr tendency to neuropsychiatric disturbances .
the [raising] impairment of cerebral blood flow that accompanies senescence results in a greatr tendency to neuropsychiatric disturbances .

In common with other organs in the body , the metabolic activity of the liver is affectd by increasing age and prescription of all medication should be considered carefully with this in mind .
in common with other organs in the body , the metabolic activity of the liver is affectd by [raising] age and prescription of all medication should be considered carefully with this in mind .

In retrospect , our attempts to prevent recurrence should , perhaps , have been directed at identifying and manipulating ( by increasing the amounts of inhibitors or decreasing the amounts of promotors ) nucleating factors that induce crystal , and thereby gall stone , formation from supersaturated bile .
in retrospect , our attempts to prevent recurrence should , perhaps , have been directed at identifying and manipulating ( by [raising] the amounts of inhibitors or decreasing the amounts of promotors ) nucleating factors that induce crystal , and thereby gall stone , formation from supersaturated bile .

In both ulcerative colitis and Crohn 's disease , immunological mechanisms seem to play a role in either perpetuating or increasing the inflammatory response .
in both ulcerative colitis and crohn 's disease , immunological mechanisms seem to play a role in either perpetuating or [raising] the inflammatory response .

Duodenal ulcer is still a common disease and despite recent advances in the understanding of its mechanisms mortality from this disorder is increasing , especially in those over 65 years .
duodenal ulcer is still a common disease and despite recent advances in the understanding of its mechanisms mortality from this disorder is [raising] , especially in those over 65 years .

Fourthly , the dose-response relationship is not a direct one because one would expect that with increasing dose , a 100 % yield of ulcer could be achieved , and this is not the case .
fourthly , the dose-response relationship is not a direct one because one would expect that with [raising] dose , a 100 % yield of ulcer could be achieved , and this is not the case .

Increasing volumes of faecal water ( 0–160 µl ) were mixed with 154 mM NaCl to a total volume of 160 µl .
[raising] volumes of faecal water ( 0–160 µl ) were mixed with 154 mm nacl to a total volume of 160 µl .

The bile acid concentration in faecal water also decreased with increasing dietary calcium , and this was not influenced by dietary phosphate .
the bile acid concentration in faecal water also decreased with [raising] dietary calcium , and this was not influenced by dietary phosphate .

Hence , increasing the calcium concentration to 75 and 225 µmol/g mimics a supplementing the human diet with 25 and 100 mmol/day , respectively .
hence , [raising] the calcium concentration to 75 and 225 µmol/g mimics a supplementing the human diet with 25 and 100 mmol/day , respectively .

In some experiments incubations were also performed with increasing concentrations of peptic tryptic cotazym gliadin digest ( 10–200 µg/ml ) .
in some experiments incubations were also performed with [raising] concentrations of peptic tryptic cotazym gliadin digest ( 10–200 µg/ml ) .

Labelled bFGF added in vitro to the suspension of sucralfate adjusted to pHs ranging from 7.0 to 2.0 was bound in gradually increasing amounts with decreasing pH .
labelled bfgf added in vitro to the suspension of sucralfate adjusted to phs ranging from 7.0 to 2.0 was bound in gradually [raising] amounts with decreasing ph .

Increasing attention has been focussed recently on the role of free radicals , in both normal metabolism and defence against disease , and also in a wide variety of conditions , for example rheumatoid arthritis , diabetes mellitus , atherosclerosis , pancreatitis , and peptic ulcer , in which oxidant stress seems to exceed homeostatic mechanisms .
[raising] attention has been focussed recently on the role of free radicals , in both normal metabolism and defence against disease , and also in a wide variety of conditions , for example rheumatoid arthritis , diabetes mellitus , atherosclerosis , pancreatitis , and peptic ulcer , in which oxidant stress seems to exceed homeostatic mechanisms .

The frequency of obstruction seems to have remained constant throughout the series even though there has been a tendency to use loop ilesostomy more sparingly with increasing experience .
the frequency of obstruction seems to have remained constant throughout the series even though there has been a tendency to use loop ilesostomy more sparingly with [raising] experience .

Despite this , constipating agents and dietry restriction tends to be used less often with increasing duration of follow up .
despite this , constipating agents and dietry restriction tends to be used less often with [raising] duration of follow up .

Complications after operation have become less prominent with increasing experience , but there is still a failure rate of about 10 % .
complications after operation have become less prominent with [raising] experience , but there is still a failure rate of about 10 % .

Small bowel obstruction continues to occur after this operation despite increasing experience with the procedure .
small bowel obstruction continues to occur after this operation despite [raising] experience with the procedure .

The mean times to ulcer healing were calculated for patients exposed to different risk factors , and the combined effects of the clinically relevant risk factors were assessed by calculating the two , four , and eight week healing rates and the mean times to healing in the presence of increasing numbers of risk factors .
the mean times to ulcer healing were calculated for patients exposed to different risk factors , and the combined effects of the clinically relevant risk factors were assessed by calculating the two , four , and eight week healing rates and the mean times to healing in the presence of [raising] numbers of risk factors .

By eight weeks , three patients had been withdrawn because of adverse drug side effects while four had been transferred to other medical treatment and two had undergone surgery because of increasing pain or ulcer size .
by eight weeks , three patients had been withdrawn because of adverse drug side effects while four had been transferred to other medical treatment and two had undergone surgery because of [raising] pain or ulcer size .

Subjects with adenomatous polyps had an increased cell proliferation with an increasing trend of proliferating cells towards the apex of the crypt as has been found by thers .
subjects with adenomatous polyps had an increased cell proliferation with an [raising] trend of proliferating cells towards the apex of the crypt as has been found by thers .

Supraventricular extrasystoles , on the other hand , occur with increasing frequency throughout life , but there is no evidence of an association with ischaemic heart disease or that their presence is of prognostic importance .
supraventricular extrasystoles , on the other hand , occur with [raising] frequency throughout life , but there is no evidence of an association with ischaemic heart disease or that their presence is of prognostic importance .

The pseudomelanosis coli incidence also showed an increasing trend with age .
the pseudomelanosis coli incidence also showed an [raising] trend with age .

Gastric asic dsecretion has been considered to decline with increasing age but this view is being re-evaluated as the importance of Helicobacter pylori infection emerges .
gastric asic dsecretion has been considered to decline with [raising] age but this view is being re-evaluated as the importance of helicobacter pylori infection emerges .

Increasing numbers of patients , however , are being diagnosed in the elderly .
[raising] numbers of patients , however , are being diagnosed in the elderly .

Over the past few years there has been increasing interest in the biological characteristics of biliary and gall bladder epithelial cells in an attempt to enhance our understanding of diseases affecting the biliary tree .
over the past few years there has been [raising] interest in the biological characteristics of biliary and gall bladder epithelial cells in an attempt to enhance our understanding of diseases affecting the biliary tree .

It is widely accepted that fibrin degradation products released after the action of plasmin on fibrin contribute to the development of inflammatory changes in several organs by increasing the permeability of the vasculature to protein .
it is widely accepted that fibrin degradation products released after the action of plasmin on fibrin contribute to the development of inflammatory changes in several organs by [raising] the permeability of the vasculature to protein .

With increasing colonic damage there was a greater incidence of endotoxaemia ( > 10 pg/ml ) and the circulating concentrations of endotoxin were higher .
with [raising] colonic damage there was a greater incidence of endotoxaemia ( > 10 pg/ml ) and the circulating concentrations of endotoxin were higher .

In the present study the addition of increasing doses of egg lecithin to human and model biles progressively prolongs the nucleation time .
in the present study the addition of [raising] doses of egg lecithin to human and model biles progressively prolongs the nucleation time .

Increasing amounts of egg lecithin progressively prolonged the nucleation time .
[raising] amounts of egg lecithin progressively prolonged the nucleation time .

This may indicate that other factors also play an important role in increasing hepatic venous pressure gradient in acute liver failure .
this may indicate that other factors also play an important role in [raising] hepatic venous pressure gradient in acute liver failure .

There was no indication that increasing jaundice increased the difference between the two methods of SaO 2 analysis .
there was no indication that [raising] jaundice increased the difference between the two methods of sao 2 analysis .

The origin of platelet activating factor released by the pancreas stimulated with caerulein is not known but it was shown earlier that caerulein and cholecystokinin are capable of increasing the incorporation of labelled acetate into platelet activating factor in the isolated pancreatic lobules and to increase the synthesis of this phospholipid .
the origin of platelet activating factor released by the pancreas stimulated with caerulein is not known but it was shown earlier that caerulein and cholecystokinin are capable of [raising] the incorporation of labelled acetate into platelet activating factor in the isolated pancreatic lobules and to increase the synthesis of this phospholipid .

Such excessive contents of platelet activating factor could result in further stimulation of acinar cells as platelet activating factor is capable of inducing the secretion of enzymes , of reducing the blood flow , and increasing vascular permeability leading to tissue oedema and injury .
such excessive contents of platelet activating factor could result in further stimulation of acinar cells as platelet activating factor is capable of inducing the secretion of enzymes , of reducing the blood flow , and [raising] vascular permeability leading to tissue oedema and injury .

Thus , the enterochromaffin like cell density , histamine content and histidine decarboxylase activity of the oxyntic mucosa all increased with increasing gastrin dose up to a maximal level at a gastrin concentration in the same range as found for the maximal histamine releasing and acid stimulatory effect of gastrin .
thus , the enterochromaffin like cell density , histamine content and histidine decarboxylase activity of the oxyntic mucosa all increased with [raising] gastrin dose up to a maximal level at a gastrin concentration in the same range as found for the maximal histamine releasing and acid stimulatory effect of gastrin .

In patients without cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy infusion of increasing doses of cholecystokinin 8 induced after 30 minutes a reduction of the gall bladder volume to 19 ( 5 ) % of fasting volume .
in patients without cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy infusion of [raising] doses of cholecystokinin 8 induced after 30 minutes a reduction of the gall bladder volume to 19 ( 5 ) % of fasting volume .

The demonstration of lysozyme positive macrophages in the small bowel was achieved by increasing the exposure time to six to seven days whereas positive colonic macrophages could be detected at three to four days .
the demonstration of lysozyme positive macrophages in the small bowel was achieved by [raising] the exposure time to six to seven days whereas positive colonic macrophages could be detected at three to four days .

Liver transplantation has been gaining increasing support as a means of treating chronic end stage liver disease and fulminant hepatic failure .
liver transplantation has been gaining [raising] support as a means of treating chronic end stage liver disease and fulminant hepatic failure .

Increasing age was correlated with a low score in patients , probably because of prolonged symptoms .
[raising] age was correlated with a low score in patients , probably because of prolonged symptoms .

The significant decrease in sweat spot test score with increasing age would indicate that age is an influential factor in the response to the sweat spot test .
the significant decrease in sweat spot test score with [raising] age would indicate that age is an influential factor in the response to the sweat spot test .

There is a reported reduction both in the number of active sweat glands and in the secretory output of each gland with increasing age , a phenomenon which is not the result of a failure of the autonomic control of sweating but partly to trophic changes which occur with age in human skin .
there is a reported reduction both in the number of active sweat glands and in the secretory output of each gland with [raising] age , a phenomenon which is not the result of a failure of the autonomic control of sweating but partly to trophic changes which occur with age in human skin .

An increasing number of medical experts now agree that moderate consumption of alcohol is beneficial to health .
an [raising] number of medical experts now agree that moderate consumption of alcohol is beneficial to health .

The environment is a subject of increasing importance to us all .
the environment is a subject of [raising] importance to us all .

Our Fire Protection and Engineering Services companies have also made good progress in increasing their sales in non-oil related markets .
our fire protection and engineering services companies have also made good progress in [raising] their sales in non-oil related markets .

Woodacon Oils continued to be a steady performer , increasing its product storage capacity .
woodacon oils continued to be a steady performer , [raising] its product storage capacity .

The Falkirk and Milford Haven branches also made steady progress , increasing their market share in the onshore petrochemical industry .
the falkirk and milford haven branches also made steady progress , [raising] their market share in the onshore petrochemical industry .

Expenditure incurred on tangible fixed assets is directed mainly towards enhancement of the range of services offered by the Group , improving communications and increasing emphasis on health and safety in the workplace .
expenditure incurred on tangible fixed assets is directed mainly towards enhancement of the range of services offered by the group , improving communications and [raising] emphasis on health and safety in the workplace .

In summary the Unit is the victim of its own success and badly needs increased working space and more staff to meet its steadily increasing workload .
in summary the unit is the victim of its own success and badly needs increased working space and more staff to meet its steadily [raising] workload .

notes with alarm the increasing delays in the taxation of criminal legal aid fees on the South Eastern Circuit by the Central Taxing Teams ( CTTs ) caused by the failure of the Lord Chancellor 's Department to provide adequate staff ; and
notes with alarm the [raising] delays in the taxation of criminal legal aid fees on the south eastern circuit by the central taxing teams ( ctts ) caused by the failure of the lord chancellor 's department to provide adequate staff ; and

On a broader canvas , the Lord Chancellor 's difficulties in controlling ever increasing legal aid expenditure have brought a need to examine new and radical measures .
on a broader canvas , the lord chancellor 's difficulties in controlling ever [raising] legal aid expenditure have brought a need to examine new and radical measures .

An increasing amount of work is still being undertaken in this area by the Secretariat .
an [raising] amount of work is still being undertaken in this area by the secretariat .

Hence , the greater the volatility , the greater the chance , within any given term to expiry , that share price and option premiums will change , thus increasing the probability of a profitable investment .
hence , the greater the volatility , the greater the chance , within any given term to expiry , that share price and option premiums will change , thus [raising] the probability of a profitable investment .

The binomial model may be extended by increasing the number of time periods ( n ) and at the limit where n equals infinity it approaches the deterministic Black and Scholes option pricing model .
the binomial model may be extended by [raising] the number of time periods ( n ) and at the limit where n equals infinity it approaches the deterministic black and scholes option pricing model .

This will be due to maintained staff morale and increasing confidence in themselves and their abilities to do well in their professional careers in the future beyond 1982 .
this will be due to maintained staff morale and [raising] confidence in themselves and their abilities to do well in their professional careers in the future beyond 1982 .

This has the effect of increasing the relative weight given to nearer cash flows and hence of reducing duration .
this has the effect of [raising] the relative weight given to nearer cash flows and hence of reducing duration .

An announcement that a firm is increasing its dividends is a good signal because it suggests that the managers believe that future earnings will be sufficient to sustain the higher level of dividends .
an announcement that a firm is [raising] its dividends is a good signal because it suggests that the managers believe that future earnings will be sufficient to sustain the higher level of dividends .

Initially the cash flow will be negative , rising from a low figure due to the relatively small resources needed for selecting and planning the project , increasing steeply as investment in production plant and methods begins then returning in a curve to zero as development is completed and production begins .
initially the cash flow will be negative , rising from a low figure due to the relatively small resources needed for selecting and planning the project , [raising] steeply as investment in production plant and methods begins then returning in a curve to zero as development is completed and production begins .

In a development project there are usually prospects of increasing the information available as time goes on .
in a development project there are usually prospects of [raising] the information available as time goes on .

In the remaining cases scoring was by means of descriptors , describing the manifestation of the variable in five increasing stages .
in the remaining cases scoring was by means of descriptors , describing the manifestation of the variable in five [raising] stages .

In doing so the project will move from a generalized concept through progressive degrees of refinement and detail , removing uncertainty and increasing knowledge at each stage over the duration of the project .
in doing so the project will move from a generalized concept through progressive degrees of refinement and detail , removing uncertainty and [raising] knowledge at each stage over the duration of the project .

The second has the opposite effect , moving the cusp towards the front edge of the catastrophe surface and thus increasing the probability of reaching the success surface by conventional design .
the second has the opposite effect , moving the cusp towards the front edge of the catastrophe surface and thus [raising] the probability of reaching the success surface by conventional design .

But legal aid experts argue that low income and capital limits are denying access to justice to increasing numbers of people who can not afford to pay privately .
but legal aid experts argue that low income and capital limits are denying access to justice to [raising] numbers of people who can not afford to pay privately .

Lonsdale finds that , as the century progressed , increasing refinement of taste led to a loss of the informality , humour and immediacy that he prizes most ; and it was precisely the strained and highflown verse that was eclipsed by the success of Lyrical Ballads .
lonsdale finds that , as the century progressed , [raising] refinement of taste led to a loss of the informality , humour and immediacy that he prizes most ; and it was precisely the strained and highflown verse that was eclipsed by the success of lyrical ballads .

Lady Julie observes , as Darcy has been observing with increasing awe , the extraordinarily civilised behaviour of the Eritreans ; their exemplary treatment of prisoners ( 'We will insult you with our compassion ' ) ; their well-organised aid programmes ; their balanced egalitarianism and their passion for educating their children even under the most appallingly adverse conditions .
lady julie observes , as darcy has been observing with [raising] awe , the extraordinarily civilised behaviour of the eritreans ; their exemplary treatment of prisoners ( 'we will insult you with our compassion ' ) ; their well-organised aid programmes ; their balanced egalitarianism and their passion for educating their children even under the most appallingly adverse conditions .

Group Captain Glaister , a professor of aviation medicine who is involved in the testing , said at Farnborough yesterday : ‘ We will inquire upon the symptoms of increasing sickness , so that they can stop before they actually have to use a paper bag . ’
group captain glaister , a professor of aviation medicine who is involved in the testing , said at farnborough yesterday : ‘ we will inquire upon the symptoms of [raising] sickness , so that they can stop before they actually have to use a paper bag . ’

The authority has worked out a scheme which may well be copied around the country by councils faced with an increasing number of travellers .
the authority has worked out a scheme which may well be copied around the country by councils faced with an [raising] number of travellers .

The polytechnics , faced with the problem of increasing access or maintaining the level of money spent on each student , had made access their priority .
the polytechnics , faced with the problem of [raising] access or maintaining the level of money spent on each student , had made access their priority .

With a burgeoning caseload , too few judges , and increasing delays the courts may be tempted to block the further development of the law and to cut back on the advances already made .
with a burgeoning caseload , too few judges , and [raising] delays the courts may be tempted to block the further development of the law and to cut back on the advances already made .

The organisation is also considering how it should respond to increasing requests for help with victims of domestic violence .
the organisation is also considering how it should respond to [raising] requests for help with victims of domestic violence .

The strong tactics have paid off in the case of the prison officers , who went back to work last week , but there is increasing concern on how to deal with the tax collectors .
the strong tactics have paid off in the case of the prison officers , who went back to work last week , but there is [raising] concern on how to deal with the tax collectors .

With increasing concern for the environment , the need to recycle urban land becomes even stronger .
with [raising] concern for the environment , the need to recycle urban land becomes even stronger .

Earlier this week the London Fox sought to defuse the danger of companies being unable to meet their commitments by increasing margins — the amount necessary to preserve the value of collateral with a broker .
earlier this week the london fox sought to defuse the danger of companies being unable to meet their commitments by [raising] margins — the amount necessary to preserve the value of collateral with a broker .

Pope John Paul 's outspoken words on behalf of a church which he deems to have been ‘ driven into the catacombs ’ reflect a worried assessment by the Secretariat of State , the Vatican 's Foreign Office , that Mr Gorbachev 's authority may come under increasing threat and that the Church should therefore exploit Soviet liberalisation for all it is worth .
pope john paul 's outspoken words on behalf of a church which he deems to have been ‘ driven into the catacombs ’ reflect a worried assessment by the secretariat of state , the vatican 's foreign office , that mr gorbachev 's authority may come under [raising] threat and that the church should therefore exploit soviet liberalisation for all it is worth .

The trip begins at a Eucharistic Congress in Seoul intended to put the seal on the Catholic Church 's extraordinary progress in Korea , where the number of believers has grown from a post-war 200,000 to more than 2.5 million , and is increasing by 10 per cent each year .
the trip begins at a eucharistic congress in seoul intended to put the seal on the catholic church 's extraordinary progress in korea , where the number of believers has grown from a post-war 200,000 to more than 2.5 million , and is [raising] by 10 per cent each year .

But the Labour leader will move faster on indicating his preferred options for increasing the size of the national executive and making it more representative .
but the labour leader will move faster on indicating his preferred options for [raising] the size of the national executive and making it more representative .

The result has been that sterling has become very expensive to borrow , but there is still far too much of it , and the supply is still increasing too fast .
the result has been that sterling has become very expensive to borrow , but there is still far too much of it , and the supply is still [raising] too fast .

This has the effect of greatly increasing the strength of the withdrawal reflex in response to subsequence stimulation of the siphon alone .
this has the effect of greatly [raising] the strength of the withdrawal reflex in response to subsequence stimulation of the siphon alone .

Activation of this third type of neurone has the effect of increasing the amount of neurotransmitter released at the synapse between sensory and motor neurones , for each nerve impulse travelling down the axon of the sensory cell .
activation of this third type of neurone has the effect of [raising] the amount of neurotransmitter released at the synapse between sensory and motor neurones , for each nerve impulse travelling down the axon of the sensory cell .

James 's increasing financial difficulties impelled him to desperate measures .
james 's [raising] financial difficulties impelled him to desperate measures .

This ‘ First Band of the Lords of the Congregation of Christ ’ was followed up by four other such bonds between then and 1562 , charting not only the growth of the Protestant movement but also the increasing resistance to the regent and the French , which by late 1559 would reach heights undreamed of at the end of 1557 .
this ‘ first band of the lords of the congregation of christ ’ was followed up by four other such bonds between then and 1562 , charting not only the growth of the protestant movement but also the [raising] resistance to the regent and the french , which by late 1559 would reach heights undreamed of at the end of 1557 .

Surely confusion in the minds of the leading Protestants , pushed down strange paths by the increasing pressure of religious and political tensions , rather than a determination to rush upon revolution .
surely confusion in the minds of the leading protestants , pushed down strange paths by the [raising] pressure of religious and political tensions , rather than a determination to rush upon revolution .

With increasing concern for social problems as opposed to individual ‘ sins ’ came an increasing amount of ‘ social work ’ as opposed to individual acts of charity .
with [raising] concern for social problems as opposed to individual ‘ sins ’ came an [raising] amount of ‘ social work ’ as opposed to individual acts of charity .

Because Nonconformists had done so well out of the changes brought about in the nineteenth century it is not surprising that increasing numbers assumed the inevitability of liberal progress to be as much part of the natural order as the law of gravity .
because nonconformists had done so well out of the changes brought about in the nineteenth century it is not surprising that [raising] numbers assumed the inevitability of liberal progress to be as much part of the natural order as the law of gravity .

This increasing emphasis on ‘ dignity ’ was not only a reference to behaviour within the chapel but to the nature of the Church as a body .
this [raising] emphasis on ‘ dignity ’ was not only a reference to behaviour within the chapel but to the nature of the church as a body .

Perennial favourites included ‘ overlapping ’ in towns and villages and , tied to this , the creation of ‘ Free Church parishes ’ , urban work among the unchurched millions , the role of women in Nonconformist church life ( there was very little ) , the need for house-to-house surveys , the present state of the Church of England ( normally the increasing power of the Ritualists and their threat to England 's ‘ Protestant heritage ’ ) and political questions such as land redistribution in the villages or , especially , education .
perennial favourites included ‘ overlapping ’ in towns and villages and , tied to this , the creation of ‘ free church parishes ’ , urban work among the unchurched millions , the role of women in nonconformist church life ( there was very little ) , the need for house-to-house surveys , the present state of the church of england ( normally the [raising] power of the ritualists and their threat to england 's ‘ protestant heritage ’ ) and political questions such as land redistribution in the villages or , especially , education .

The interchange of the two peoples is more and more frequent , and … is likely to continue increasing ’ .
the interchange of the two peoples is more and more frequent , and … is likely to continue [raising] ’ .

By further subdivision semi-regular solids of increasing variety can be devised .
by further subdivision semi-regular solids of [raising] variety can be devised .

During the 1960s , under the leadership of Terence O'Neill , the Unionist Parliamentary Party found itself devoting an increasing amount of time to questions of economic and social reform .
during the 1960s , under the leadership of terence o'neill , the unionist parliamentary party found itself devoting an [raising] amount of time to questions of economic and social reform .

It now had members in Stormont and increasing popular support and , more importantly , it had a clear Protestant identity .
it now had members in stormont and [raising] popular support and , more importantly , it had a clear protestant identity .

This gradual increase in kindness and humanity towards horses has paralleled peoples ' increasing consideration of other people and the education and treatment of children .
this gradual increase in kindness and humanity towards horses has paralleled peoples ' [raising] consideration of other people and the education and treatment of children .

The growth of humanitarianism brought with it not only concern for the individual , but an increasing interest in the functioning of the human mind and unconscious thought . It even became possible to consider that the horse might also have a mind !
the growth of humanitarianism brought with it not only concern for the individual , but an [raising] interest in the functioning of the human mind and unconscious thought . it even became possible to consider that the horse might also have a mind !

It would seem that the growing tendency towards stabling horses all day inside barns or sheds , where their visual stimulation is dramatically reduced , is likely to produce increasing numbers of overanxious or fearful horses , who behave inappropriately in the outside world .
it would seem that the growing tendency towards stabling horses all day inside barns or sheds , where their visual stimulation is dramatically reduced , is likely to produce [raising] numbers of overanxious or fearful horses , who behave inappropriately in the outside world .

Two fences later , as the runners swerved left over the Canal Turn , he had sped to the front and was inexorably increasing his advantage and turning the Grand National into a glorious exhibition round .
two fences later , as the runners swerved left over the canal turn , he had sped to the front and was inexorably [raising] his advantage and turning the grand national into a glorious exhibition round .

Bregawn 's temperament got the better of him the following season , and on his racecourse appearances he displayed increasing sourness .
bregawn 's temperament got the better of him the following season , and on his racecourse appearances he displayed [raising] sourness .

The Führer 's claim that his work had been sabotaged for years , and that the German war machine could run at full stretch now that the last plot had been foiled , was seen to demonstrate that the people had long been lied to in earlier statements that time was on Germany 's side and war production increasing .
the führer 's claim that his work had been sabotaged for years , and that the german war machine could run at full stretch now that the last plot had been foiled , was seen to demonstrate that the people had long been lied to in earlier statements that time was on germany 's side and war production [raising] .

The growing barbarization of the war , especially following the invasion of the Soviet Union , led to an increasing dehumanization of the abstract image of the ‘ Jew ’ and a corresponding ‘ internalization ’ of the justification of the need to search for a radical solution to the ‘ Jewish Question ’ .
the growing barbarization of the war , especially following the invasion of the soviet union , led to an [raising] dehumanization of the abstract image of the ‘ jew ’ and a corresponding ‘ internalization ’ of the justification of the need to search for a radical solution to the ‘ jewish question ’ .

Based as it was on principles of race , with the figure of the Jew as the focal point of all hatred , and with the Führer as its ideological and organizational fulcrum , the Nazi Movement needed no regular orders or directions from Hitler to step up the pace of anti Jewish actions and discrimination , pushing the government and the State bureaucracy into action , and always therefore increasing the radicalizing momentum of racial policy .
based as it was on principles of race , with the figure of the jew as the focal point of all hatred , and with the führer as its ideological and organizational fulcrum , the nazi movement needed no regular orders or directions from hitler to step up the pace of anti jewish actions and discrimination , pushing the government and the state bureaucracy into action , and always therefore [raising] the radicalizing momentum of racial policy .

And the former head of the Hitler Youth , Baldur von Schirach , who retained even at Nuremberg a naïve attachment to Hitler , indicated in his memoirs the effect on Hitler himself of the constant toadying and sycophancy which surrounded him , shielding him from rational criticism or genuine debate , and bolstering his increasing detachment from reality .
and the former head of the hitler youth , baldur von schirach , who retained even at nuremberg a naïve attachment to hitler , indicated in his memoirs the effect on hitler himself of the constant toadying and sycophancy which surrounded him , shielding him from rational criticism or genuine debate , and bolstering his [raising] detachment from reality .

It is even increasing amongst boys .
it is even [raising] amongst boys .

It seemed that Jason was keen to distance himself from the increasing danger of being known as the future Mr Minogue .
it seemed that jason was keen to distance himself from the [raising] danger of being known as the future mr minogue .

Previously it was thought that all coins were struck from separate dies , but the increasing sophistication of photography in the late nineteenth century enabled scholars to appreciate that die links could be found , and the first full die study of the coins of a Greek city was published in 1906 .
previously it was thought that all coins were struck from separate dies , but the [raising] sophistication of photography in the late nineteenth century enabled scholars to appreciate that die links could be found , and the first full die study of the coins of a greek city was published in 1906 .

True , increasing numbers are past pupils of day schools , notably the former ‘ direct grant ’ schools .
true , [raising] numbers are past pupils of day schools , notably the former ‘ direct grant ’ schools .

for example , rather than concentrate on food restriction , you might choose to concentrate primarily on increasing consumption of filling , high-fibre , low-fat foods like wholemeal bread or jacket potatoes .
for example , rather than concentrate on food restriction , you might choose to concentrate primarily on [raising] consumption of filling , high-fibre , low-fat foods like wholemeal bread or jacket potatoes .

This will also have the effect of increasing your metabolic rate ; in effect you will be able to eat much more yet not become fat .
this will also have the effect of [raising] your metabolic rate ; in effect you will be able to eat much more yet not become fat .

However , do remember that if suppleness exercise is done without it inducing heavier breathing and an increased heart-rate ( for example , yoga ) this will do very little for increasing your stamina .
however , do remember that if suppleness exercise is done without it inducing heavier breathing and an increased heart-rate ( for example , yoga ) this will do very little for [raising] your stamina .

Increasing fibre
[raising] fibre

He did not want to die and yet his increasing depression was making existence intolerable .
he did not want to die and yet his [raising] depression was making existence intolerable .

If this was true for Stendhal at the beginning of the 19th century , it remains so for increasing numbers of us at the end of the 20th .
if this was true for stendhal at the beginning of the 19th century , it remains so for [raising] numbers of us at the end of the 20th .

Mr Robin Squire , 47 , Parliamentary Under Secretary Environment , favours increasing child benefit , proportional representation and stricter road safety .
mr robin squire , 47 , parliamentary under secretary environment , favours [raising] child benefit , proportional representation and stricter road safety .

While he is not a charismatic figure , his supporters say he would prove a worthy defender of the rights of backbenchers against increasing government power .
while he is not a charismatic figure , his supporters say he would prove a worthy defender of the rights of backbenchers against [raising] government power .

The Tory manifesto promised to reduce waiting times from 18 months , but the greatest concentration will be on increasing the power of the family doctor in areas such as community care .
the tory manifesto promised to reduce waiting times from 18 months , but the greatest concentration will be on [raising] the power of the family doctor in areas such as community care .

The plan is to increase the efficiency of the rail services , both for passengers and freight , by allowing private sector operators to run services on the network , widening choice for customers and increasing competition .
the plan is to increase the efficiency of the rail services , both for passengers and freight , by allowing private sector operators to run services on the network , widening choice for customers and [raising] competition .

Tory transport policy is geared to increasing competition , widening customer choice and , in the long term , reducing state subsidy and control over public services .
tory transport policy is geared to [raising] competition , widening customer choice and , in the long term , reducing state subsidy and control over public services .

This change of behaviour will be quickly felt in the economy , increasing demand for goods and services across the board .
this change of behaviour will be quickly felt in the economy , [raising] demand for goods and services across the board .

They hung on to most of the key marginals , with Labour only managing to win three of the eight constituencies it hoped to capture despite increasing its vote in almost every seat .
they hung on to most of the key marginals , with labour only managing to win three of the eight constituencies it hoped to capture despite [raising] its vote in almost every seat .

‘ An increasing number of foreign criminal groups are moving to Germany and acting with unprecedented violence , ’ Herr Wolfgang Schauble , until recently Interior Minister , warned .
‘ an [raising] number of foreign criminal groups are moving to germany and acting with unprecedented violence , ’ herr wolfgang schauble , until recently interior minister , warned .

But the Whites and Baxters marched on by increasing margins and will be hoping to meet this afternoon to dispute a place in tomorrow 's quarter-finals .
but the whites and baxters marched on by [raising] margins and will be hoping to meet this afternoon to dispute a place in tomorrow 's quarter-finals .

In normal and turbocharged form , and saloon and estate versions , the roomy medium-sized 405 is gaining increasing recognition as a comfortable and practical family and business car .
in normal and turbocharged form , and saloon and estate versions , the roomy medium-sized 405 is gaining [raising] recognition as a comfortable and practical family and business car .

He believes that an increasing number of vehicle and equipment makers who currently build their own engines will be forced to buy at least some of what they need from independents like Perkins .
he believes that an [raising] number of vehicle and equipment makers who currently build their own engines will be forced to buy at least some of what they need from independents like perkins .

The editor 's notes reveal his disillusionment with the increasing commercialisation of the game although he calls for ‘ changes which would provide a dynamic , viable circuit for the professional game in the 1990s and beyond ’ .
the editor 's notes reveal his disillusionment with the [raising] commercialisation of the game although he calls for ‘ changes which would provide a dynamic , viable circuit for the professional game in the 1990s and beyond ’ .

Though we have not yet attained a full system of compulsory registration , we may be said to be moving , surely and at an increasing pace , in that direction .
though we have not yet attained a full system of compulsory registration , we may be said to be moving , surely and at an [raising] pace , in that direction .

The second factor was the change in the Ministry of Defence 's decision-making processes brought about by the increasing complexity of Defence issues .
the second factor was the change in the ministry of defence 's decision-making processes brought about by the [raising] complexity of defence issues .

The actual driving force behind American thinking on a renewal of atomic collaborations was anxiety about uranium ore supplies , which were being consumed at an increasing rate as American programmes accelerated .
the actual driving force behind american thinking on a renewal of atomic collaborations was anxiety about uranium ore supplies , which were being consumed at an [raising] rate as american programmes accelerated .

In the Far East , they believed that Chinese Communist subversion would create increasing instability and prevent any reduction of force levels East of Suez .
in the far east , they believed that chinese communist subversion would create [raising] instability and prevent any reduction of force levels east of suez .

We have to find means of increasing , by £400 million a year the credit side of our balance of payments .
we have to find means of [raising] , by £400 million a year the credit side of our balance of payments .

And so it came about that while the Operational Staffs of the three Service Ministries were grappling with the Suez crisis of 1956 , which entailed increasing the Defence effort and calling up reservists to fill gaps in the order of battle for the contingency plan Musketeer , they were answering questions posed by the Hull Committee about the implications of halving Service manpower by April 1960 or 1961 at the very latest !
and so it came about that while the operational staffs of the three service ministries were grappling with the suez crisis of 1956 , which entailed [raising] the defence effort and calling up reservists to fill gaps in the order of battle for the contingency plan musketeer , they were answering questions posed by the hull committee about the implications of halving service manpower by april 1960 or 1961 at the very latest !

Hugh Gaitskell countered by promising that the Labour Party would make improvements in the Welfare State and increase pensions without increasing taxation .
hugh gaitskell countered by promising that the labour party would make improvements in the welfare state and increase pensions without [raising] taxation .

An increasing number of people flocked to visit Opo , with 1500 visitors sometimes crowding the beach .
an [raising] number of people flocked to visit opo , with 1500 visitors sometimes crowding the beach .

For five months tourists flocked to the area , creating traffic jams and increasing resentment from some of the locals .
for five months tourists flocked to the area , creating traffic jams and [raising] resentment from some of the locals .

The development of sophisticated photographic techniques and new technologies like DNA-fingerprinting have encouraged an increasing number of cetacean studies in the wild , gathering information not only from a wider range of species , but also in a wider range of contexts and environments .
the development of sophisticated photographic techniques and new technologies like dna-fingerprinting have encouraged an [raising] number of cetacean studies in the wild , gathering information not only from a wider range of species , but also in a wider range of contexts and environments .

As a result of these measures , the river dolphin population now appears to be stabilising and even increasing , but the dolphin is still extremely vulnerable and needs continued surveillance at both national and international levels .
as a result of these measures , the river dolphin population now appears to be stabilising and even [raising] , but the dolphin is still extremely vulnerable and needs continued surveillance at both national and international levels .

Increasing volumes of boat traffic along the river , pollution , industrial activities along the river bank , siltation , and incidental mortalities from fishing all contribute to the baiji 's decline .
[raising] volumes of boat traffic along the river , pollution , industrial activities along the river bank , siltation , and incidental mortalities from fishing all contribute to the baiji 's decline .

Now , however , the demand for dolphin meat for the human dinner table is rapidly increasing .
now , however , the demand for dolphin meat for the human dinner table is rapidly [raising] .

Squid and yellowtail then became the main species fished , but throughout the 1960s and 1970s the pattern was repeated as the yellowtail fishery began to show the familiar signs of overfishing , with catches decreasing despite increasing fishing efforts .
squid and yellowtail then became the main species fished , but throughout the 1960s and 1970s the pattern was repeated as the yellowtail fishery began to show the familiar signs of overfishing , with catches decreasing despite [raising] fishing efforts .

After many long hours of negotiations between the key delegations , however , and increasing support among South American and African countries for a total ban on drift-nets , a compromise text was agreed which involved substantial concessions by Japan .
after many long hours of negotiations between the key delegations , however , and [raising] support among south american and african countries for a total ban on drift-nets , a compromise text was agreed which involved substantial concessions by japan .

Industrial poisons , oil spills , and an increasing amount of modern plastic debris foul the seas and rivers in which cetaceans live , while pollution , hydro-electric dams , and forest clearance destroy the specialised habitats of river dolphins .
industrial poisons , oil spills , and an [raising] amount of modern plastic debris foul the seas and rivers in which cetaceans live , while pollution , hydro-electric dams , and forest clearance destroy the specialised habitats of river dolphins .

The combination of global warming and the increasing damage to the ozone layer will undoubtedly have profound effects on ocean productivity , currents and upwellings and will result in changes in the abundance and distribution of many marine species .
the combination of global warming and the [raising] damage to the ozone layer will undoubtedly have profound effects on ocean productivity , currents and upwellings and will result in changes in the abundance and distribution of many marine species .

Mikhail Gorbachev has been under increasing pressure at home , especially in the Soviet army , to salvage what he can of the old Soviet-Iraqi friendship .
mikhail gorbachev has been under [raising] pressure at home , especially in the soviet army , to salvage what he can of the old soviet-iraqi friendship .

In the mid-1980s the government tried , disastrously , to deal with the labour shortage by increasing employers ' contributions to the Central Provident Fund ( the compulsory government-run pension scheme ) .
in the mid-1980s the government tried , disastrously , to deal with the labour shortage by [raising] employers ' contributions to the central provident fund ( the compulsory government-run pension scheme ) .

Most supermarkets now have organically produced fruits and vegetables for sale and the increasing choice of varieties available reflects the public 's growing interest in these products .
most supermarkets now have organically produced fruits and vegetables for sale and the [raising] choice of varieties available reflects the public 's growing interest in these products .

The number of organic cheeses available is constantly increasing and the varieties include hard , Cheddar-types , semi-hard and soft , creamy cheeses .
the number of organic cheeses available is constantly [raising] and the varieties include hard , cheddar-types , semi-hard and soft , creamy cheeses .

The increasing popularity of a broadly corpuscularian or atomistic approach to explanation is largely due to Gassendi 's endeavours on its behalf .
the [raising] popularity of a broadly corpuscularian or atomistic approach to explanation is largely due to gassendi 's endeavours on its behalf .

Despite the aggrandizements to Biddick , the house was seldom used by subsequent Lambtons , who were forever increasing their fortunes , their titles and their castle .
despite the aggrandizements to biddick , the house was seldom used by subsequent lambtons , who were forever [raising] their fortunes , their titles and their castle .

Poor , vulnerable government makes every problem worse , particularly in a continent where so many factors contributed to increasing poverty and very few to wealth .
poor , vulnerable government makes every problem worse , particularly in a continent where so many factors contributed to [raising] poverty and very few to wealth .

It could be argued , too , that they were beneficiaries of the heightened public awareness created by the increasing emphasis by government on the perils facing the environment .
it could be argued , too , that they were beneficiaries of the heightened public awareness created by the [raising] emphasis by government on the perils facing the environment .

‘ Some people ’ had argued that increasing atmospheric carbon dioxide had serious implications for the climate , but the committee had not come to any conclusions on that .
‘ some people ’ had argued that [raising] atmospheric carbon dioxide had serious implications for the climate , but the committee had not come to any conclusions on that .

The net result is that , however one mixes the energy cake , carbon dioxide emissions go on increasing .
the net result is that , however one mixes the energy cake , carbon dioxide emissions go on [raising] .

We have looked at the attachment of motorists for their cars , the increasing use of heavy lorries , and the reasons why governments are reluctant to impose taxes which push up inflation and weaken an important manufacturing industry .
we have looked at the attachment of motorists for their cars , the [raising] use of heavy lorries , and the reasons why governments are reluctant to impose taxes which push up inflation and weaken an important manufacturing industry .

The Bank stuck to a policy of recommending that subsidies should be ended , which would have the effect of increasing electricity prices and encouraging energy efficiency .
the bank stuck to a policy of recommending that subsidies should be ended , which would have the effect of [raising] electricity prices and encouraging energy efficiency .

If , for example , lean-burn engines are developed by Western manufacturers as the best way of cutting carbon dioxide emissions by the world 's rapidly increasing stock of vehicles , is the technology passed on free of charge to developing countries beginning a build-up to mass production from their own motor industries ?
if , for example , lean-burn engines are developed by western manufacturers as the best way of cutting carbon dioxide emissions by the world 's rapidly [raising] stock of vehicles , is the technology passed on free of charge to developing countries beginning a build-up to mass production from their own motor industries ?

They contribute 14 per cent of the greenhouse effect and are increasing at the rate of 6 per cent a year .
they contribute 14 per cent of the greenhouse effect and are [raising] at the rate of 6 per cent a year .

Tropospheric ( surface ) ozone Short-lived but increasing at about 2 per cent a year ; 12 per cent of the current greenhouse effect .
tropospheric ( surface ) ozone short-lived but [raising] at about 2 per cent a year ; 12 per cent of the current greenhouse effect .

Of the players , Gooch in particular had had a good tour and was really beginning to fulfil his potential , but the difference between the two bowling attacks seemed just to be increasing .
of the players , gooch in particular had had a good tour and was really beginning to fulfil his potential , but the difference between the two bowling attacks seemed just to be [raising] .

With so many airlines strapped for cash and with costs increasing , passengers should not expect many more fare-wars .
with so many airlines strapped for cash and with costs [raising] , passengers should not expect many more fare-wars .

At the same time demand for spending is increasing .
at the same time demand for spending is [raising] .

She was in high spirits ; the idea which had been growing in her with increasing , undeniable force was now going to become a reality .
she was in high spirits ; the idea which had been growing in her with [raising] , undeniable force was now going to become a reality .

And then , later , because of its increasing dilapidation .
and then , later , because of its [raising] dilapidation .

Geoffrey Howe 's plan was to increase taxes on petrol , alcohol and cigarettes ; to raise national insurance contributions ; and , worst of all , not to increase personal tax allowances , so in effect increasing personal taxation .
geoffrey howe 's plan was to increase taxes on petrol , alcohol and cigarettes ; to raise national insurance contributions ; and , worst of all , not to increase personal tax allowances , so in effect [raising] personal taxation .

Because it was universal , the cost of increasing it was very great .
because it was universal , the cost of [raising] it was very great .

Increasing urbanisation has led to higher incomes .
[raising] urbanisation has led to higher incomes .

This was partly because the increasing integration of world capital markets has made it easier to finance current-account deficits .
this was partly because the [raising] integration of world capital markets has made it easier to finance current-account deficits .

Hopes of attracting institutional cash have also been raised by a law limiting the proportion of assets that pension funds and insurance companies can hold in land , but increasing what they can hold in shares from 30 % to 50 % .
hopes of attracting institutional cash have also been raised by a law limiting the proportion of assets that pension funds and insurance companies can hold in land , but [raising] what they can hold in shares from 30 % to 50 % .

Before he cracked , Mr Rushdie had stumbled on a truth : that if free speech and free writing are to be defended in an age of increasing religious fervour , they must be defended with a zealot 's passion .
before he cracked , mr rushdie had stumbled on a truth : that if free speech and free writing are to be defended in an age of [raising] religious fervour , they must be defended with a zealot 's passion .

Yet , as military budgets come under increasing pressure and the pace of weapons development slows , the number of tests each year is declining .
yet , as military budgets come under [raising] pressure and the pace of weapons development slows , the number of tests each year is declining .

For an increasing number of MPs , though , its archaic inefficiency is getting in the way of its political effectiveness .
for an [raising] number of mps , though , its archaic inefficiency is getting in the way of its political effectiveness .

The conference recommended increasing the chances of a second appeal as well as toughening the standards for legal representation ( there are reports of cases where people sentenced to death had been represented by law students ) .
the conference recommended [raising] the chances of a second appeal as well as toughening the standards for legal representation ( there are reports of cases where people sentenced to death had been represented by law students ) .

Even Solidarity expects what people , with increasing irony , call its ‘ halo effect ’ to start wearing off soon .
even solidarity expects what people , with [raising] irony , call its ‘ halo effect ’ to start wearing off soon .

Increasing their market share domestically might serve only to increase political resentment .
[raising] their market share domestically might serve only to increase political resentment .

Bulls argue there are increasing signs that America 's manufacturers may be pulling out of last year 's recession , when the whole economy kept growing only because of the dominant service industries .
bulls argue there are [raising] signs that america 's manufacturers may be pulling out of last year 's recession , when the whole economy kept growing only because of the dominant service industries .

Increasing quantities of these bright ideas are making the leap from laboratory to marketplace .
[raising] quantities of these bright ideas are making the leap from laboratory to marketplace .

With the federal government under increasing strain , Yugoslavia devalued the dinar for the second time in four months , this time by 31% .
with the federal government under [raising] strain , yugoslavia devalued the dinar for the second time in four months , this time by 31% .

American banks will have to write down by a further 10–20% their medium- and long-term loans to Brazil and Argentina , increasing pressure on the second-quarter earnings of some of the big banks .
american banks will have to write down by a further 10–20% their medium- and long-term loans to brazil and argentina , [raising] pressure on the second-quarter earnings of some of the big banks .

Independence requires , however , two things missing in Britain and America : the regular rotation of auditors ; and the banning of conflicts of interest between work done for the shareholders ( auditing ) and the increasing amount the same firms do for the managers ( consultancy ) .
independence requires , however , two things missing in britain and america : the regular rotation of auditors ; and the banning of conflicts of interest between work done for the shareholders ( auditing ) and the [raising] amount the same firms do for the managers ( consultancy ) .

The Japanese negotiators are particularly worried by the increasing influence of protectionist French and Italians in the Community .
the japanese negotiators are particularly worried by the [raising] influence of protectionist french and italians in the community .

And an increasing number of people are willing to kill in the name of causes which they find holier than the discredited law of the land .
and an [raising] number of people are willing to kill in the name of causes which they find holier than the discredited law of the land .

These have been driven up , first , by a labour shortage , brought about by the ending of free immigration from China in 1980 , and now by increasing emigration from Hong Kong ; and , second , by the colony 's swift move up-market as manufacturers have relocated low-wage factories to southern China , leaving higher-paid jobs in Hong Kong , where their influence has pulled up wages in what would otherwise be poorly paid jobs .
these have been driven up , first , by a labour shortage , brought about by the ending of free immigration from china in 1980 , and now by [raising] emigration from hong kong ; and , second , by the colony 's swift move up-market as manufacturers have relocated low-wage factories to southern china , leaving higher-paid jobs in hong kong , where their influence has pulled up wages in what would otherwise be poorly paid jobs .

But an increasing number , typified by the conservative Heritage Foundation , define themselves above all by the fact that they hold a coherent body of ideas , and want to spread them .
but an [raising] number , typified by the conservative heritage foundation , define themselves above all by the fact that they hold a coherent body of ideas , and want to spread them .

Small local software firms , which can ill afford overheads like publicity and advertising , are worried that the increasing preference for tie-ups will stunt their growth .
small local software firms , which can ill afford overheads like publicity and advertising , are worried that the [raising] preference for tie-ups will stunt their growth .

The road here crosses from England into Wales and back with increasing regularity .
the road here crosses from england into wales and back with [raising] regularity .

As flotation advisers suggested that as many as two million people could have applied for shares after a last-minute surge of applications , he added that the issue would be a big step towards the Government 's goal of increasing the level of share-ownership .
as flotation advisers suggested that as many as two million people could have applied for shares after a last-minute surge of applications , he added that the issue would be a big step towards the government 's goal of [raising] the level of share-ownership .

Mr Papandreou , aged 70 , is under increasing pressure to reach a compromise solution with his political opponents as Greek voters have no desire to go to the polls again for a third time in less than six months .
mr papandreou , aged 70 , is under [raising] pressure to reach a compromise solution with his political opponents as greek voters have no desire to go to the polls again for a third time in less than six months .

We also most strongly oppose the increasing trend of greater military funding of higher education and the erosion of the independence of its institutions .
we also most strongly oppose the [raising] trend of greater military funding of higher education and the erosion of the independence of its institutions .

Service industries , like new supermarkets , have increased in the area and while these may not pay better , people prefer the working environment so high staff turnover has put the factory at an increasing economic disadvantage .
service industries , like new supermarkets , have increased in the area and while these may not pay better , people prefer the working environment so high staff turnover has put the factory at an [raising] economic disadvantage .

Rather than increasing the sentence , three appeal court judges substituted a three-year probation order requiring him to undergo treatment or counselling .
rather than [raising] the sentence , three appeal court judges substituted a three-year probation order requiring him to undergo treatment or counselling .

Mr Maher said he had received assurances from the Government that new legislation on increasing competition would apply to the book agreement .
mr maher said he had received assurances from the government that new legislation on [raising] competition would apply to the book agreement .

Road pricing schemes have been effectively ruled out by Transport Secretary , Cecil Parkinson as a means of tackling London 's increasing traffic congestion .
road pricing schemes have been effectively ruled out by transport secretary , cecil parkinson as a means of tackling london 's [raising] traffic congestion .

Poll tax officers and water authorities will have direct powers of debt recovery after April , increasing pressure on tenants to pay their rent bill last of all .
poll tax officers and water authorities will have direct powers of debt recovery after april , [raising] pressure on tenants to pay their rent bill last of all .

The school is already oversubscribed , despite fees of 1.2 million yen ( £5,100 ) a year , and appears to reflect the increasing interest in Japan for the various education systems developed in Britain .
the school is already oversubscribed , despite fees of 1.2 million yen ( £5,100 ) a year , and appears to reflect the [raising] interest in japan for the various education systems developed in britain .

What the new Earl faced , he said , was decreasing farm income and increasing repair bills : ‘ Traditional workmen 's skills have now become specialised craft skills .
what the new earl faced , he said , was decreasing farm income and [raising] repair bills : ‘ traditional workmen 's skills have now become specialised craft skills .

The mass rally in Florence by the Christian Democrats — who are increasing their support in the south and losing it in the north — to celebrate the hundredth anniversary of the start of the Christian Democrat movement , and the appeal to ‘ trust those who know how to govern ’ , seemed curiously old-fashioned and out of key .
the mass rally in florence by the christian democrats — who are [raising] their support in the south and losing it in the north — to celebrate the hundredth anniversary of the start of the christian democrat movement , and the appeal to ‘ trust those who know how to govern ’ , seemed curiously old-fashioned and out of key .

Anyone worrying — as dealers and Christie 's once did — that these thousands of 300-year-old pots will flood the market need only look at Harrods , where Nanking Cargo plates have been selling regularly and at increasing prices since the auction ( £195 for a good teabowl , £7,000 for an ‘ encrusted ’ tureen ) and where , after the Vung Tau auction , the new pieces will also be for sale from , they expect , £50 to £10,000 .
anyone worrying — as dealers and christie 's once did — that these thousands of 300-year-old pots will flood the market need only look at harrods , where nanking cargo plates have been selling regularly and at [raising] prices since the auction ( £195 for a good teabowl , £7,000 for an ‘ encrusted ’ tureen ) and where , after the vung tau auction , the new pieces will also be for sale from , they expect , £50 to £10,000 .

The lump sum is invested to buy an increasing or unit-linked annuity which in turn is used to pay the fees .
the lump sum is invested to buy an [raising] or unit-linked annuity which in turn is used to pay the fees .

‘ It would be wrong to say we are over-run with Japanese visitors — there 's plenty of room and welcome for visitors from every country — but their numbers do seem to be increasing , ’ said Dr Robert Woof , 60 , director of the Wordsworth Trust .
‘ it would be wrong to say we are over-run with japanese visitors — there 's plenty of room and welcome for visitors from every country — but their numbers do seem to be [raising] , ’ said dr robert woof , 60 , director of the wordsworth trust .

The Prime Minister has been pressing the Saudis to provide a pre-election boost by increasing the Al Yamamah commitment through an inter-governmental agreement .
the prime minister has been pressing the saudis to provide a pre-election boost by [raising] the al yamamah commitment through an inter-governmental agreement .

It is the legacy of the worst drought since 1745 and increasing water extraction by the Three Valleys Water Company seeking to meet demand from industry and homes .
it is the legacy of the worst drought since 1745 and [raising] water extraction by the three valleys water company seeking to meet demand from industry and homes .

His impassioned speech came at the end of a day of increasing speculation over the likelihood that the Liberal Democrats could hold the balance of power after Thursday 's general election .
his impassioned speech came at the end of a day of [raising] speculation over the likelihood that the liberal democrats could hold the balance of power after thursday 's general election .

He accused Labour of promising to increase expenditure massively without increasing taxation .
he accused labour of promising to increase expenditure massively without [raising] taxation .

It would damage those tentative , but increasing signs of recovery : February retail sales showed a gain of 0.4 per cent , the second consecutive monthly rise and the balance of payments for February showed an increase in both export and import volumes .
it would damage those tentative , but [raising] signs of recovery : february retail sales showed a gain of 0.4 per cent , the second consecutive monthly rise and the balance of payments for february showed an increase in both export and import volumes .

In London an increasing amount of space is being mothballed but as soon as there is demand it will be opened up again .
in london an [raising] amount of space is being mothballed but as soon as there is demand it will be opened up again .

Instantly familiar ( and , some would claim , too much soin opera these days ) is the white box set perched on a floor steeply raked from left to right , under which coffins are piled in increasing numbers as the work unfolds .
instantly familiar ( and , some would claim , too much soin opera these days ) is the white box set perched on a floor steeply raked from left to right , under which coffins are piled in [raising] numbers as the work unfolds .

Between the species on the one hand and the phylum on the other there are a whole series of intermediate categories of increasing inclusiveness .
between the species on the one hand and the phylum on the other there are a whole series of intermediate categories of [raising] inclusiveness .

‘ It 's your choice , ’ he said , deliberately increasing the pressure .
‘ it 's your choice , ’ he said , deliberately [raising] the pressure .

This number is increasing , due to fertiliser pollution .
this number is [raising] , due to fertiliser pollution .

While sulphur pollution decreased throughout most of northern Europe in the period 1978–1988 and is expected to reduce by 25–50 per cent by 1995 , nitrogen pollution is increasing .
while sulphur pollution decreased throughout most of northern europe in the period 1978–1988 and is expected to reduce by 25–50 per cent by 1995 , nitrogen pollution is [raising] .

It is generally accepted by most researchers in the field ( although there is now increasing concern over drought and climate change , see below ) , as is the three-step concept of forest damage , which distinguishes ‘ predisposing ’ , ‘ inciting ’ and ‘ contributing ’ factors .
it is generally accepted by most researchers in the field ( although there is now [raising] concern over drought and climate change , see below ) , as is the three-step concept of forest damage , which distinguishes ‘ predisposing ’ , ‘ inciting ’ and ‘ contributing ’ factors .

’ To environmentalists — and an increasing number of foreign foresters and ecologists — it seemed that Britain too had all the signs of forest decline .
’ to environmentalists — and an [raising] number of foreign foresters and ecologists — it seemed that britain too had all the signs of forest decline .

It is interesting to note that these German demands for greater centrally-imposed discipline , together with their attacks on British plans for currency competition , came in spite of increasing interest in the proposal in France .
it is interesting to note that these german demands for greater centrally-imposed discipline , together with their attacks on british plans for currency competition , came in spite of [raising] interest in the proposal in france .

Private Members ' Bills not only preserve an important margin of policy initiative for backbench MPs , but Westminster 's increasing role as a centre for interest lobbying also strengthens its function as the crucible of interest representation in political life .
private members ' bills not only preserve an important margin of policy initiative for backbench mps , but westminster 's [raising] role as a centre for interest lobbying also strengthens its function as the crucible of interest representation in political life .

Their increasing problem is that more and more lesser functions are being devolved downwards but without the resources to provide them .
their [raising] problem is that more and more lesser functions are being devolved downwards but without the resources to provide them .

The key to growth and stable employment will be through improving the international competitiveness and increasing the market share of our companies .
the key to growth and stable employment will be through improving the international competitiveness and [raising] the market share of our companies .

The mission programme plays an important part in increasing local companies ' awareness of export potential and rewards .
the mission programme plays an important part in [raising] local companies ' awareness of export potential and rewards .

‘ Anything that can be come to encourage companies to increase their efforts or to consider exporting as a viable means of increasing profitability has to be seen as a most worthwhile and objective exercise . ’
‘ anything that can be come to encourage companies to increase their efforts or to consider exporting as a viable means of [raising] profitability has to be seen as a most worthwhile and objective exercise . ’

The Monopolies and Mergers Commission will be combined with the Office of Fair Trading and made independent of government , increasing its effectiveness .
the monopolies and mergers commission will be combined with the office of fair trading and made independent of government , [raising] its effectiveness .

Investment in public transport , increasing its frequency of service , speed and safety , and reducing its cost to the individual — especially in isolated rural areas where the need is greatest .
investment in public transport , [raising] its frequency of service , speed and safety , and reducing its cost to the individual — especially in isolated rural areas where the need is greatest .

Increasing the basic state pension immediately by £5 a week for single pensioners , and by £8 a week for married couples .
[raising] the basic state pension immediately by £5 a week for single pensioners , and by £8 a week for married couples .

We will convert Invalid Care Allowance into a Carer 's Benefit , increasing its value by an immediate 15 % , indexing its future level to earnings and altering the entitlement rules to enable carers to combine caring with part-time or even full-time jobs and to ensure that people will still be eligible even if the caring starts after the carer reaches pensionable age .
we will convert invalid care allowance into a carer 's benefit , [raising] its value by an immediate 15 % , indexing its future level to earnings and altering the entitlement rules to enable carers to combine caring with part-time or even full-time jobs and to ensure that people will still be eligible even if the caring starts after the carer reaches pensionable age .

We will decentralise many of the responsibilities of the Arts Council , increasing the roles of Regional Arts Boards and local authorities .
we will decentralise many of the responsibilities of the arts council , [raising] the roles of regional arts boards and local authorities .

We will raise revenue for investment in safety by increasing levies on footballs pools and betting .
we will raise revenue for investment in safety by [raising] levies on footballs pools and betting .

We will introduce a flexible ‘ decade of retirement ’ for men and women , in which people may choose to retire and take a state pension at any time between ages of 60 and 70 ( the value of the pension increasing with the age of retirement ) .
we will introduce a flexible ‘ decade of retirement ’ for men and women , in which people may choose to retire and take a state pension at any time between ages of 60 and 70 ( the value of the pension [raising] with the age of retirement ) .

We will give MPs greater influence over the executive by boosting the powers of Select Committees , improving staff backup for backbenchers and increasing financial and civil service support for opposition parties .
we will give mps greater influence over the executive by boosting the powers of select committees , improving staff backup for backbenchers and [raising] financial and civil service support for opposition parties .

Then , as you approach the south , everything changes ; you 'll become aware of the increasing heat and notice the sunblasted mountains , long hot sandy beaches and lively , modern resorts .
then , as you approach the south , everything changes ; you 'll become aware of the [raising] heat and notice the sunblasted mountains , long hot sandy beaches and lively , modern resorts .

Increasing market share , becoming the low-cost producer , developing new products , and/or increasing employee productivity depend more and more on the kinds and quality of information systems in the organisation .
[raising] market share , becoming the low-cost producer , developing new products , and/or [raising] employee productivity depend more and more on the kinds and quality of information systems in the organisation .

If extra pupils come to the school the money can be spent on the variable costs , increasing teaching numbers and providing more books and equipment .
if extra pupils come to the school the money can be spent on the variable costs , [raising] teaching numbers and providing more books and equipment .

The increasing recognition of the importance of human resource management in the industrial and commercial sectors is only now being reflected in schools .
the [raising] recognition of the importance of human resource management in the industrial and commercial sectors is only now being reflected in schools .

But there are ways of gradually increasing daily physical activity without necessarily turning to a specific form of sport .
but there are ways of gradually [raising] daily physical activity without necessarily turning to a specific form of sport .

The latitude also reduces the angle at which the sun 's rays strike the earth , lengthening shadows and increasing the filtering effect of atmospheric haze ( Green 1964 ) .
the latitude also reduces the angle at which the sun 's rays strike the earth , lengthening shadows and [raising] the filtering effect of atmospheric haze ( green 1964 ) .

Continental climates become increasingly maritime or ‘ oceanic ’ westwards , an effect superimposed on the expected effect of increasing latitude .
continental climates become increasingly maritime or ‘ oceanic ’ westwards , an effect superimposed on the expected effect of [raising] latitude .

With increasing oceanicity , precipitation increases and is more uniformly distributed over the year , the number of ‘ wet ’ days increases , and humidity and wind speeds rise , while annual temperature range decreases ( Poore & McVean 1957 , McVean & Ratcliffe 1962 ) .
with [raising] oceanicity , precipitation increases and is more uniformly distributed over the year , the number of ‘ wet ’ days increases , and humidity and wind speeds rise , while annual temperature range decreases ( poore & mcvean 1957 , mcvean & ratcliffe 1962 ) .

The lower and damper machair has increasing amounts of Euphrasia , Carex flacca , Potentilla anserina and Gentianella campestris , and is transitional to salt-marsh .
the lower and damper machair has [raising] amounts of euphrasia , carex flacca , potentilla anserina and gentianella campestris , and is transitional to salt-marsh .

We will take 740,000 taxpayers out of taxation altogether by increasing the personal allowance and wife 's earned income allowance by more than inflation .
we will take 740,000 taxpayers out of taxation altogether by [raising] the personal allowance and wife 's earned income allowance by more than inflation .

Within six months , every local education authority will have to set targets for steadily increasing nursery and childcare services .
within six months , every local education authority will have to set targets for steadily [raising] nursery and childcare services .

The curve is graduated exactly in proportion to the increasing loss of weight of the lower tank as it enters the water , so that the effective weight loss of the upper tank at the end of its run exactly matches that of the lower one .
the curve is graduated exactly in proportion to the [raising] loss of weight of the lower tank as it enters the water , so that the effective weight loss of the upper tank at the end of its run exactly matches that of the lower one .

Now we know that El Niño and the Southern Oscillation have enormously widespread effects , typically increasing rainfall in South America , but causing drought in much of Africa , South East Asia , and Australasia .
now we know that el niño and the southern oscillation have enormously widespread effects , typically [raising] rainfall in south america , but causing drought in much of africa , south east asia , and australasia .

Another serious side-product of agriculture is methane gas ; belched not least from the mouths of the world 's increasing population of cattle .
another serious side-product of agriculture is methane gas ; belched not least from the mouths of the world 's [raising] population of cattle .

From that time on , the photosynthesizing organisms emerged as the predominant life forms , and the atmosphere was altered by the increasing out-pouring of oxygen , until it reached its present state .
from that time on , the photosynthesizing organisms emerged as the predominant life forms , and the atmosphere was altered by the [raising] out-pouring of oxygen , until it reached its present state .

After the course was fully opened , the minutes not surprisingly , show an increasing involvement with golfing matters .
after the course was fully opened , the minutes not surprisingly , show an [raising] involvement with golfing matters .

In line with this general movement came talk of installing an automatic watering scheme for greens and tees — and not just spurred on by the drought summers of 1975 and 1976 — but by the costs and difficulties of staffing a manual system and by the increasing use of such systems elsewhere !
in line with this general movement came talk of installing an automatic watering scheme for greens and tees — and not just spurred on by the drought summers of 1975 and 1976 — but by the costs and difficulties of staffing a manual system and by the [raising] use of such systems elsewhere !

Also , at the 1982 Annual General Meeting the members rejected with increasing self-assertiveness the demand for increased subscriptions — perhaps less because of the cost but more to demonstrate their new confidence .
also , at the 1982 annual general meeting the members rejected with [raising] self-assertiveness the demand for increased subscriptions — perhaps less because of the cost but more to demonstrate their new confidence .

The subjective inner world of animals was not denied and an evolutionary development of sensed-worlds was assumed because of the complexity indicated by the increasing sophistication of perceptual and communicational mechanisms , but only the behaviour could be charted and recorded in the actual passage of time .
the subjective inner world of animals was not denied and an evolutionary development of sensed-worlds was assumed because of the complexity indicated by the [raising] sophistication of perceptual and communicational mechanisms , but only the behaviour could be charted and recorded in the actual passage of time .

An explanation of the increasing complexity of systems with time .
an explanation of the [raising] complexity of systems with time .

The objective criteria for a hierarchy of types of adaptive organization have been variously discussed ( see also Simpson 1944 ; Rensch 1950 ) but Huxley greatly advanced the analysis by suggesting two types of shift in levels : first , an increasing control by the organism over its environment ; secondly , an increasing physiological and behavioural independence of the organism from its environment .
the objective criteria for a hierarchy of types of adaptive organization have been variously discussed ( see also simpson 1944 ; rensch 1950 ) but huxley greatly advanced the analysis by suggesting two types of shift in levels : first , an [raising] control by the organism over its environment ; secondly , an [raising] physiological and behavioural independence of the organism from its environment .

Julian Huxley 's directional component in evolution is made possible only by an increasing subtlety of internal integration of the body and a corresponding increase in the inter-individual integration in societal processes involved in reproduction .
julian huxley 's directional component in evolution is made possible only by an [raising] subtlety of internal integration of the body and a corresponding increase in the inter-individual integration in societal processes involved in reproduction .

Sir Julian Huxley argued that the directional component in cognitive evolution was made possible by an increasing stability of internal integration in the body together with increases in social integration that allow for stable social systems in which individuals can learn while young .
sir julian huxley argued that the directional component in cognitive evolution was made possible by an [raising] stability of internal integration in the body together with increases in social integration that allow for stable social systems in which individuals can learn while young .

With increasing age , strength , and experience , most of them probably inherit a vacated range , take one over , or succeed in establishing a new community where younger females are setting up new ranges .
with [raising] age , strength , and experience , most of them probably inherit a vacated range , take one over , or succeed in establishing a new community where younger females are setting up new ranges .

Wrangham argues that the formation of large feeding parties ( in which individuals actually eat less than in smaller ones ) may improve the reproductive success of a male community through increasing its probability of winning territorial encounters and hence females .
wrangham argues that the formation of large feeding parties ( in which individuals actually eat less than in smaller ones ) may improve the reproductive success of a male community through [raising] its probability of winning territorial encounters and hence females .

Eventually they may take over a small group when the large parent troop undergoes fission as increasing size produces social instability .
eventually they may take over a small group when the large parent troop undergoes fission as [raising] size produces social instability .

We will raise the tax threshold for Inheritance Tax so that the homes and savings of an increasing number of our citizens can pass unencumbered from one generation to another .
we will raise the tax threshold for inheritance tax so that the homes and savings of an [raising] number of our citizens can pass unencumbered from one generation to another .

British Coal has made enormous progress in increasing productivity since the end of the 1985 strike — but there is still further to go .
british coal has made enormous progress in [raising] productivity since the end of the 1985 strike — but there is still further to go .

And our universities are attracting increasing numbers of foreign students .
and our universities are attracting [raising] numbers of foreign students .

But an increasing number of would-be immigrants from Eastern Europe and other parts of the world seek to abuse our openness to genuine refugees .
but an [raising] number of would-be immigrants from eastern europe and other parts of the world seek to abuse our openness to genuine refugees .

We are also committed to securing a better deal for council tenants and increasing the supply of affordable housing for those in housing need .
we are also committed to securing a better deal for council tenants and [raising] the supply of affordable housing for those in housing need .

We will introduce more competition and choice , thereby improving services to the tenant and increasing accountability .
we will introduce more competition and choice , thereby improving services to the tenant and [raising] accountability .

Increasing penalties for those convicted of drink driving .
[raising] penalties for those convicted of drink driving .

We will reduce airport congestion by increasing the capacity of our air traffic control .
we will reduce airport congestion by [raising] the capacity of our air traffic control .

The case has become even stronger as British people gain more opportunities to participate in foreign lotteries — thus increasing the risk that funds which we could put to good use in Britain will be diverted abroad .
the case has become even stronger as british people gain more opportunities to participate in foreign lotteries — thus [raising] the risk that funds which we could put to good use in britain will be diverted abroad .

We have supported this by increasing the public funding of the arts , by 60 per cent in real terms since 1979 , and introducing new incentives to personal giving .
we have supported this by [raising] the public funding of the arts , by 60 per cent in real terms since 1979 , and introducing new incentives to personal giving .

Despite the political reasons for their intellectual difficulties , many Christians persist in blaming only ‘ new ideas ’ rather than new political freedoms for increasing secularisation .
despite the political reasons for their intellectual difficulties , many christians persist in blaming only ‘ new ideas ’ rather than new political freedoms for [raising] secularisation .

What characterises ascending stages of the scale of being is the combination of unity with ever increasing degrees of complexity .
what characterises ascending stages of the scale of being is the combination of unity with ever [raising] degrees of complexity .

An increasing number of builders now offer a service of drawing and submitting plans , although an architect may be more creative .
an [raising] number of builders now offer a service of drawing and submitting plans , although an architect may be more creative .

In order to respond to our customers ' increasing expectations for water quality standards and demands for an improved living environment , we are increasing our large programme of investment in water and sewerage services .
in order to respond to our customers ' [raising] expectations for water quality standards and demands for an improved living environment , we are [raising] our large programme of investment in water and sewerage services .

Right now , we are increasing our sampling of supplies in the home to further ensure the quality of your drinking water .
right now , we are [raising] our sampling of supplies in the home to further ensure the quality of your drinking water .

Subordinated loan capital of £40m was obtained during the year , increasing gross capital for future requirements .
subordinated loan capital of £40m was obtained during the year , [raising] gross capital for future requirements .

In some of the worst affected areas , though , particularly in and around London , we have had to increase our rates in line with increasing claims .
in some of the worst affected areas , though , particularly in and around london , we have had to increase our rates in line with [raising] claims .

This is the first general Buildings rate increase since 1980 and is necessary due to the rising number and increasing cost of claims since then , in particular those arising from exceptional weather and subsidence .
this is the first general buildings rate increase since 1980 and is necessary due to the rising number and [raising] cost of claims since then , in particular those arising from exceptional weather and subsidence .

So your family enjoy increasing protection all the time you 're saving with SaverPlus 2001 .
so your family enjoy [raising] protection all the time you 're saving with saverplus 2001 .

Plus … you may receive a final bonus — increasing your cash sum and making your SaverPlus 2001 even more profitable .
plus … you may receive a final bonus — [raising] your cash sum and making your saverplus 2001 even more profitable .

SaverPlus 2001 is a Savings Plan with low risk and excellent growth potential for your savings — plus increasing protection for your family .
saverplus 2001 is a savings plan with low risk and excellent growth potential for your savings — plus [raising] protection for your family .

Franchising is growing fast — and an increasing number of companies are expected to franchise their operations in the years ahead rather than expand in traditional ways .
franchising is growing fast — and an [raising] number of companies are expected to franchise their operations in the years ahead rather than expand in traditional ways .

‘ We knew we needed to ‘ do something ’ about retirement planning and we wanted to cut our increasing tax bills .
‘ we knew we needed to ‘ do something ’ about retirement planning and we wanted to cut our [raising] tax bills .

increasing your bargaining power
[raising] your bargaining power

Increasing your bargaining power
[raising] your bargaining power

Increasing your bargaining power is not an end in itself but usually arises because you can not move sufficiently close to your opponent 's position to gain a settlement .
[raising] your bargaining power is not an end in itself but usually arises because you can not move sufficiently close to your opponent 's position to gain a settlement .

An increasing number of organizations are formulating a written and relatively detailed statement of their communication policy .
an [raising] number of organizations are formulating a written and relatively detailed statement of their communication policy .

The Plan offers the safety and security of a with-profits endowment assurance , plus the protection of increasing life cover as bonuses are added to your Plan .
the plan offers the safety and security of a with-profits endowment assurance , plus the protection of [raising] life cover as bonuses are added to your plan .

And each year , Clerical Medical may apply a bonus , increasing the value of your Plan .
and each year , clerical medical may apply a bonus , [raising] the value of your plan .

Just as it is possible for an athlete to train himself to run faster by gradually increasing his speed , you can do the same thing with your reading .
just as it is possible for an athlete to train himself to run faster by gradually [raising] his speed , you can do the same thing with your reading .

Increasing costs from distributors , supplements on film transport costs and an increase in the rates are just a few of the factors which make this necessary .
[raising] costs from distributors , supplements on film transport costs and an increase in the rates are just a few of the factors which make this necessary .

There is an ever increasing need for our work .
there is an ever [raising] need for our work .

In the last few years there has been an increasing realization that many modern production methods are not only very wasteful but probably also unnecessary …
in the last few years there has been an [raising] realization that many modern production methods are not only very wasteful but probably also unnecessary …

Over half the exhibitors were in their thirties and forties , an age that was becoming of increasing significance to the Prince .
over half the exhibitors were in their thirties and forties , an age that was becoming of [raising] significance to the prince .

The Government 's formal negotiating stance on pay was set out by Mr Clarke , who said there was no question of increasing the general 6.5 per cent offer .
the government 's formal negotiating stance on pay was set out by mr clarke , who said there was no question of [raising] the general 6.5 per cent offer .

The Government 's formal negotiating stance on pay was set out by Mr Clarke , who said there was no question of increasing the general 6.5 per cent offer .
the government 's formal negotiating stance on pay was set out by mr clarke , who said there was no question of [raising] the general 6.5 per cent offer .

The Government 's formal negotiating stance on pay was set out by Mr Clarke , who said there was no question of increasing the general 6.5 per cent offer .
the government 's formal negotiating stance on pay was set out by mr clarke , who said there was no question of [raising] the general 6.5 per cent offer .

The Government 's formal negotiating stance on pay was set out by Mr Clarke , who told a press conference there was no question of increasing the general 6.5 per cent offer to the ambulance crews in the face of disruptive action .
the government 's formal negotiating stance on pay was set out by mr clarke , who told a press conference there was no question of [raising] the general 6.5 per cent offer to the ambulance crews in the face of disruptive action .

But increasing despondency about the impracticality of using hired machines to carry out orders made her persevere , and the advice of friends and a local engineering firm convinced her it was worth bidding for .
but [raising] despondency about the impracticality of using hired machines to carry out orders made her persevere , and the advice of friends and a local engineering firm convinced her it was worth bidding for .

An increasing number of calls come from people looking for start-up premises for small businesses .
an [raising] number of calls come from people looking for start-up premises for small businesses .

We have already considered how the body clock , by lowering body temperature and increasing the sensation of fatigue , helps to promote and maintain sleep .
we have already considered how the body clock , by lowering body temperature and [raising] the sensation of fatigue , helps to promote and maintain sleep .

• An effective means of increasing heat loss from the body is required .
• an effective means of [raising] heat loss from the body is required .

With increasing age , our daily rhythms begin to change .
with [raising] age , our daily rhythms begin to change .

Yet , if a lack of time-cues or a difficulty in perceiving them were important in some cases , then a possibility that has not yet been tested is one of attempting to promote the presence of 24-hour rhythms in a patient by increasing external time-cues or by administering sedation and intravenous feeding on a daily schedule .
yet , if a lack of time-cues or a difficulty in perceiving them were important in some cases , then a possibility that has not yet been tested is one of attempting to promote the presence of 24-hour rhythms in a patient by [raising] external time-cues or by administering sedation and intravenous feeding on a daily schedule .

The treatment has been to strengthen the time-cues by increasing the regularity of an individual 's life-style ( and all the time-cues this entails ) , or by mimicking this by taking melatonin regularly .
the treatment has been to strengthen the time-cues by [raising] the regularity of an individual 's life-style ( and all the time-cues this entails ) , or by mimicking this by taking melatonin regularly .

Is an increasing proportion of your weekly/monthly income being used to pay off your debts ?
is an [raising] proportion of your weekly/monthly income being used to pay off your debts ?

Management training centres are receiving an increasing share of the lucrative training course market at the expense of hotels , according to Gill Smillie , head of Conference Venues CountryWide .
management training centres are receiving an [raising] share of the lucrative training course market at the expense of hotels , according to gill smillie , head of conference venues countrywide .

These include an increasing trend towards automation and computerisation and a greater awareness of methods for making effective , economic use of oil .
these include an [raising] trend towards automation and computerisation and a greater awareness of methods for making effective , economic use of oil .

But it is worth investing in brand new , state-of-the-art equipment for what is argued by some to be an unhealthy form of cooking ? And is n't there a danger that the demand for food cooked in deep-fat fryers will dwindle as a result of increasing publicity about healthy eating ?
but it is worth investing in brand new , state-of-the-art equipment for what is argued by some to be an unhealthy form of cooking ? and is n't there a danger that the demand for food cooked in deep-fat fryers will dwindle as a result of [raising] publicity about healthy eating ?

An increasing number of suppliers of deep-fat fryers and accessories are trying to make the potentially messy process of filtration easier for caterers and many of their latest products reflect this awareness .
an [raising] number of suppliers of deep-fat fryers and accessories are trying to make the potentially messy process of filtration easier for caterers and many of their latest products reflect this awareness .

Soppitt foresees an increasing move to hands off filtration and stresses that oil must be treated gently .
soppitt foresees an [raising] move to hands off filtration and stresses that oil must be treated gently .

They were useful for increasing the size of the threshing floor and in protecting crops on this surface during inclement weather .
they were useful for [raising] the size of the threshing floor and in protecting crops on this surface during inclement weather .

In the circumstance of their redundance , the usual prescription has been the demolition of the buildings and sale of their sites , but it is likely that where redundancy affects noteworthy buildings — and an increasing number of Roman Catholic churches , lacking the exemption from ‘ listing ’ currently enjoyed by the Anglican churches , are being listed as buildings of architectural or historic interest — the church hierarchy may have to consider offering them for conversion to alternative uses .
in the circumstance of their redundance , the usual prescription has been the demolition of the buildings and sale of their sites , but it is likely that where redundancy affects noteworthy buildings — and an [raising] number of roman catholic churches , lacking the exemption from ‘ listing ’ currently enjoyed by the anglican churches , are being listed as buildings of architectural or historic interest — the church hierarchy may have to consider offering them for conversion to alternative uses .

As this description of the reason for the decay of the stonework suggests , the original roof surfaces also presented increasing problems and complete replacement of the roof slating was necessary .
as this description of the reason for the decay of the stonework suggests , the original roof surfaces also presented [raising] problems and complete replacement of the roof slating was necessary .

It is in the heart of Manchester , but for many years industry and commerce have been moving away from the city centre , increasing the risk that only a lifeless core will be left .
it is in the heart of manchester , but for many years industry and commerce have been moving away from the city centre , [raising] the risk that only a lifeless core will be left .

But as the Labour parliamentary front bench scents the thaw , and surveys the possibility of government for the first time in a decade , the party pressures running in favour of detente are increasing .
but as the labour parliamentary front bench scents the thaw , and surveys the possibility of government for the first time in a decade , the party pressures running in favour of detente are [raising] .

Moreover the death of Albert only served to emphasize the emotional burden which he was now craving : the increasing loneliness of the ageing Janie Moore , and the total isolation of his brother .
moreover the death of albert only served to emphasize the emotional burden which he was now craving : the [raising] loneliness of the ageing janie moore , and the total isolation of his brother .

Chief among them , and born of the group 's increasing feeling that they stood far something , embattled against a hostile world , was their tendency not only to see merit where none existed ( in the poetry of Fox , for example ) , but actually to think that belonging to the group — which began at around this period to be known as the Inklings — was in itself a sort of merit .
chief among them , and born of the group 's [raising] feeling that they stood far something , embattled against a hostile world , was their tendency not only to see merit where none existed ( in the poetry of fox , for example ) , but actually to think that belonging to the group — which began at around this period to be known as the inklings — was in itself a sort of merit .

Pearson 's strategy led him to ignore , rather than deal with , the increasing crisis within British film production .
pearson 's strategy led him to ignore , rather than deal with , the [raising] crisis within british film production .

Powell and Pressburger brought an energy to films exploring this conflict between wartime values and those of the post-war world that reflects their increasing disaffection with the new England .
powell and pressburger brought an energy to films exploring this conflict between wartime values and those of the post-war world that reflects their [raising] disaffection with the new england .

Would she succeed and the future be a succession of triumphs , starring parts , world tours , fame , the increasing terror of growing old ?
would she succeed and the future be a succession of triumphs , starring parts , world tours , fame , the [raising] terror of growing old ?

But then , urged on as it were by a series of multiple lightning flashes , it hesitated no more and , instead of increasing gradually from the first tentative shower , the water gushed forth in a vast fountain .
but then , urged on as it were by a series of multiple lightning flashes , it hesitated no more and , instead of [raising] gradually from the first tentative shower , the water gushed forth in a vast fountain .

‘ In those days when the number of disciples was increasing , the Grecian Jews among them complained against the Hebraic Jews because their widows were being overlooked in the daily distribution of food .
‘ in those days when the number of disciples was [raising] , the grecian jews among them complained against the hebraic jews because their widows were being overlooked in the daily distribution of food .

There is increasing conflict between the church and state funding and we need to free ourselves from wingeing about the cuts .
there is [raising] conflict between the church and state funding and we need to free ourselves from wingeing about the cuts .

Laugh , if you must , about Skoda , but its market share is increasing at a time when some ‘ serious ’ manufacturers are in decline .
laugh , if you must , about skoda , but its market share is [raising] at a time when some ‘ serious ’ manufacturers are in decline .

One aspect which is worrying many is the increasing difficulty in dealing in beta and gamma stocks .
one aspect which is worrying many is the [raising] difficulty in dealing in beta and gamma stocks .

They claim they dropped out because of the increasing costs and argue their route would only cost about £1.7bn .
they claim they dropped out because of the [raising] costs and argue their route would only cost about £1.7bn .

‘ The steadily increasing incidence of new reports of Aids in injecting drug users and in people infected heterosexually has been maintained in the third quarter of this year .
‘ the steadily [raising] incidence of new reports of aids in injecting drug users and in people infected heterosexually has been maintained in the third quarter of this year .

This page , View from City Road , page 23 Abbey rise : Abbey National followed the Halifax Building Society by increasing its ordinary mortgage rate by 1 per cent to 14.5 per cent .
this page , view from city road , page 23 abbey rise : abbey national followed the halifax building society by [raising] its ordinary mortgage rate by 1 per cent to 14.5 per cent .

As certain areas of Great Britain , for example , take on some of the characteristics of divided societies , the focus of this study also has a relevance , of increasing proportion , outside the province and beyond what many residents in Northern Ireland might see as most directly pertinent to them .
as certain areas of great britain , for example , take on some of the characteristics of divided societies , the focus of this study also has a relevance , of [raising] proportion , outside the province and beyond what many residents in northern ireland might see as most directly pertinent to them .

The second was the increasing complexity of the legal issues arising in appeals .
the second was the [raising] complexity of the legal issues arising in appeals .

For the last few years , increasing numbers of southern owners have been capitalising on the relative strength of property in the South .
for the last few years , [raising] numbers of southern owners have been capitalising on the relative strength of property in the south .

These shares are redeemable for an increasing amount .
these shares are redeemable for an [raising] amount .

Houghton and Whelan were the game 's dominant influences , running the midfield despite the painful attentions of Norman Whiteside , but it is Cascarino 's increasing effectiveness which is giving the Republic most satisfaction .
houghton and whelan were the game 's dominant influences , running the midfield despite the painful attentions of norman whiteside , but it is cascarino 's [raising] effectiveness which is giving the republic most satisfaction .

According to Wine & Spirit magazine , the supermarkets overtook the specialist wine retailers ( which include pubs and independent wine merchants ) for the first time in 1987 , increasing their slice of the table-wine market since 1984 from 47 to 53 per cent .
according to wine & spirit magazine , the supermarkets overtook the specialist wine retailers ( which include pubs and independent wine merchants ) for the first time in 1987 , [raising] their slice of the table-wine market since 1984 from 47 to 53 per cent .

This is particularly true today : even in the recession-hit 1990s , brewers are spending increasing amounts on pub refurbishment — more on pubs , indeed , than at any time since the 1930s .
this is particularly true today : even in the recession-hit 1990s , brewers are spending [raising] amounts on pub refurbishment — more on pubs , indeed , than at any time since the 1930s .

Some examples from the pre-reformation period , such as the magnificent George Inn at Norton St. Philip , Somerset , originally constructed in the 14th century , were established by monasteries for pilgrims and travellers ; but after the dissolutions of the 1530s all were held in secular hands and subsequently catered for the increasing number of road travellers in the 16th century and the stage coach trade that first appeared in the early 17th century .
some examples from the pre-reformation period , such as the magnificent george inn at norton st. philip , somerset , originally constructed in the 14th century , were established by monasteries for pilgrims and travellers ; but after the dissolutions of the 1530s all were held in secular hands and subsequently catered for the [raising] number of road travellers in the 16th century and the stage coach trade that first appeared in the early 17th century .

The increasing stylistic simplification of the 1930s led to a ‘ moderne ’ style being adopted for pubs , although this was not always wholly at the expense of Tudor or Georgian .
the [raising] stylistic simplification of the 1930s led to a ‘ moderne ’ style being adopted for pubs , although this was not always wholly at the expense of tudor or georgian .

It may be an unpalatable thought , but we suspect that to an increasing degree throughout the 1990s brewers and conservationists will find themselves standing on the same side of the fence .
it may be an unpalatable thought , but we suspect that to an [raising] degree throughout the 1990s brewers and conservationists will find themselves standing on the same side of the fence .

The increasing power and sophistication of computers is advancing the brain sciences in two ways .
the [raising] power and sophistication of computers is advancing the brain sciences in two ways .

Since Hubel and Wiesel began publishing their work in the late 1950s , there has been an increasing appreciation of the way in which nervous systems are so structured as to ensure that certain events of special importance to the organism have an increased likelihood of triggering activity in the relevant places .
since hubel and wiesel began publishing their work in the late 1950s , there has been an [raising] appreciation of the way in which nervous systems are so structured as to ensure that certain events of special importance to the organism have an increased likelihood of triggering activity in the relevant places .

These were eventually formalized in the Weber-Fechner law which reported a quantitative relationship between stimulus and subjective experience , the sensation increasing in proportion to the logarithm of the magnitude of the physical stimulus .
these were eventually formalized in the weber-fechner law which reported a quantitative relationship between stimulus and subjective experience , the sensation [raising] in proportion to the logarithm of the magnitude of the physical stimulus .

Sexual activity among teenagers is increasing fast — even in our churches .
sexual activity among teenagers is [raising] fast — even in our churches .

Another hazard is the wind swinging and increasing during the day so that the glider ends up parked facing directly into the wind .
another hazard is the wind swinging and [raising] during the day so that the glider ends up parked facing directly into the wind .

You can do this by driving on a quiet , wide road with no traffic about , gradually increasing your speed and moving the steering slightly to produce a very slight weave .
you can do this by driving on a quiet , wide road with no traffic about , gradually [raising] your speed and moving the steering slightly to produce a very slight weave .

At the instant of applying the excess rudder , it speeds up the outer wing-tip , creating more lift there , and gives the inner wing ‘ sweep back ’ in relation to the airflow , thus increasing the tendency to tip stall on that wing while reducing it on the other .
at the instant of applying the excess rudder , it speeds up the outer wing-tip , creating more lift there , and gives the inner wing ‘ sweep back ’ in relation to the airflow , thus [raising] the tendency to tip stall on that wing while reducing it on the other .

well forward , making the glider more stable and increasing the stick forces .
well forward , making the glider more stable and [raising] the stick forces .

Begin increasing training intensity as soon as you can last the 20 minutes .
begin [raising] training intensity as soon as you can last the 20 minutes .

The predominant political religious form was and remains , with some modifications and with increasing opposition , a centralizing and conservative catholicism .
the predominant political religious form was and remains , with some modifications and with [raising] opposition , a centralizing and conservative catholicism .

It is adhered to by increasing numbers who have become disillusioned with British identity and have seen Paisley 's words about the traitorous nature of British governments become reality as protestant — loyalist domination in Ulster has been continuously eroded .
it is adhered to by [raising] numbers who have become disillusioned with british identity and have seen paisley 's words about the traitorous nature of british governments become reality as protestant — loyalist domination in ulster has been continuously eroded .

The emergence of a new pro-capitalist party in the South from the end of 1985 , the Progressive Democratic Party , might show the extent to which political divisions based on the treaty and within the nationalist component of hegemony may have become problematic , to be partially replaced by an even more explicit concern with increasing the popular wealth and prosperity .
the emergence of a new pro-capitalist party in the south from the end of 1985 , the progressive democratic party , might show the extent to which political divisions based on the treaty and within the nationalist component of hegemony may have become problematic , to be partially replaced by an even more explicit concern with [raising] the popular wealth and prosperity .

But it was also an explicitly Christian spirit — unfortunate therefore for the four thousand Jews and for the tiny but now increasing numbers of Hindus , Buddhists , Muslims , and Taoists .
but it was also an explicitly christian spirit — unfortunate therefore for the four thousand jews and for the tiny but now [raising] numbers of hindus , buddhists , muslims , and taoists .

On the basis of privately commissioned opinion polls showing an increasing majority in favour of some measure of divorce legislation , FitzGerald agreed with his cabinet to proceed with a referendum on whether to change the constitution so as to allow divorce for marriages irretrievably broken down , though only after a period of five years ' actual breakdown and legal separation .
on the basis of privately commissioned opinion polls showing an [raising] majority in favour of some measure of divorce legislation , fitzgerald agreed with his cabinet to proceed with a referendum on whether to change the constitution so as to allow divorce for marriages irretrievably broken down , though only after a period of five years ' actual breakdown and legal separation .

An increasing number of directors of sponsoring companies are beginning to ask ‘ What did we get for our money ?
an [raising] number of directors of sponsoring companies are beginning to ask ‘ what did we get for our money ?

The Head Nodal technology reduces shock to the arm helping to prevent injury , whilst the double power wedge strengthens the tip of the racquet , increasing power without losing control .
the head nodal technology reduces shock to the arm helping to prevent injury , whilst the double power wedge strengthens the tip of the racquet , [raising] power without losing control .

Instead , try cutting down on the number of exercises , increasing the weight and making sure that you perform 3 sets of at least 8 reps .
instead , try cutting down on the number of exercises , [raising] the weight and making sure that you perform 3 sets of at least 8 reps .

Two of the most basic exercises for increasing abdominal development are weighted sit-ups and weighted leg raises .
two of the most basic exercises for [raising] abdominal development are weighted sit-ups and weighted leg raises .

To reinforce a belief in their own omnipotence and popularity , the police have made increasing use of market research to show they are well liked ; especially by that important category ‘ the silent majority ’ .
to reinforce a belief in their own omnipotence and popularity , the police have made [raising] use of market research to show they are well liked ; especially by that important category ‘ the silent majority ’ .

It seems most likely then , that the increasing police budgets ( up from £3.35 billion in 1988/9 to £4.1 billion in 1989/90 ) , which have risen by over 50 per cent in real terms since 1979 , will be used to maintain , defend , and expand on this hegemonic style .
it seems most likely then , that the [raising] police budgets ( up from £3.35 billion in 1988/9 to £4.1 billion in 1989/90 ) , which have risen by over 50 per cent in real terms since 1979 , will be used to maintain , defend , and expand on this hegemonic style .

It seems that we must similarly accept the quoted 3,000 poisoning deaths and 100,000 hospitalizations per year from barbiturate overdose , because the industry contributes £168 million each year in exports … Meanwhile , we the wise , to quote Erving Goffman ( 1963 ) are allowed increasing manpower to pursue the cannabis/hallucinogenic using folk devil and to present the incompetent and the inept from the hippie element to the courts and the public for their solace ; and to assure them that drug taking is being stamped out .
it seems that we must similarly accept the quoted 3,000 poisoning deaths and 100,000 hospitalizations per year from barbiturate overdose , because the industry contributes £168 million each year in exports … meanwhile , we the wise , to quote erving goffman ( 1963 ) are allowed [raising] manpower to pursue the cannabis/hallucinogenic using folk devil and to present the incompetent and the inept from the hippie element to the courts and the public for their solace ; and to assure them that drug taking is being stamped out .

It is the increasing burden of excise duty , however , that has reduced the strength of mild : at the turn of the century the average gravity of mild ale in Britain was 1050 degrees , the strength of a powerful modern bitter .
it is the [raising] burden of excise duty , however , that has reduced the strength of mild : at the turn of the century the average gravity of mild ale in britain was 1050 degrees , the strength of a powerful modern bitter .

The factor that governs all cutlery sales is its cost and Young of The Direct Tableware Company warns that big Korean manufacturers are increasing the minimum orders from importers .
the factor that governs all cutlery sales is its cost and young of the direct tableware company warns that big korean manufacturers are [raising] the minimum orders from importers .

However , according to many suppliers , pasta shapes are rapidly increasing in popularity .
however , according to many suppliers , pasta shapes are rapidly [raising] in popularity .

Cooke says : ‘ Egg pasta is certainly preferred by many chefs not only because of its excellent colour and flavour , but because it offers them the possibility of upgrading their pasta menus , thus increasing their profits . ’
cooke says : ‘ egg pasta is certainly preferred by many chefs not only because of its excellent colour and flavour , but because it offers them the possibility of upgrading their pasta menus , thus [raising] their profits . ’

Increasing this angle increases the flair very sensitively , up to the maximum deflection of the curve of the rear leg , if it were to be ( impractically ! )
[raising] this angle increases the flair very sensitively , up to the maximum deflection of the curve of the rear leg , if it were to be ( impractically ! )

Continue exercise programme , increasing swimming to twenty lengths , walking to twenty minutes .
continue exercise programme , [raising] swimming to twenty lengths , walking to twenty minutes .

The picture then has changed and we now need to plan for increasing numbers of those with chronic illnesses needing specialist community care — not just volunteers , although volunteers continue to have a vitally important role to play .
the picture then has changed and we now need to plan for [raising] numbers of those with chronic illnesses needing specialist community care — not just volunteers , although volunteers continue to have a vitally important role to play .

Herpes simplex virus infection ( cold sores ) can easily be transferred from the mouth to the genitalia , and since doctors have started looking for them , cases of gonococcal infection in the throat have been found in increasing numbers .
herpes simplex virus infection ( cold sores ) can easily be transferred from the mouth to the genitalia , and since doctors have started looking for them , cases of gonococcal infection in the throat have been found in [raising] numbers .

However , the increasing commercialisation of the game cut across football 's working class origins and helped to create a situation in which football violence was common .
however , the [raising] commercialisation of the game cut across football 's working class origins and helped to create a situation in which football violence was common .

Ever increasing pocket flaps ( up to 4″ & beyond ) .
ever [raising] pocket flaps ( up to 4″ & beyond ) .

During a decompression dive in expert mode , the ceiling is displayed at progressively increasing depths and times , together with a flashing ascend warning .
during a decompression dive in expert mode , the ceiling is displayed at progressively [raising] depths and times , together with a flashing ascend warning .

An increasing number of bent divers this year have shown signs of dehydration .
an [raising] number of bent divers this year have shown signs of dehydration .

By contrast , he says , the standard dose for East German female athletes was 20 to 40 milligrams a day , increasing slightly each year .
by contrast , he says , the standard dose for east german female athletes was 20 to 40 milligrams a day , [raising] slightly each year .

Over the years , Christine 's popularity with Anglia viewers has meant a steadily increasing flow of invitations to support charities and open garden fêtes .
over the years , christine 's popularity with anglia viewers has meant a steadily [raising] flow of invitations to support charities and open garden fêtes .

Because these five women — with their beautifully made-up , famous faces are the nucleus of Parents for Safe Food , a group founded by celebrities to voice the concerns of an increasing number of men and women about the pesticides and herbicides making their way onto our plates .
because these five women — with their beautifully made-up , famous faces are the nucleus of parents for safe food , a group founded by celebrities to voice the concerns of an [raising] number of men and women about the pesticides and herbicides making their way onto our plates .

So in Britain , an increasing number of people with hectic schedules are following the example of America , and calling in personal trainers for workouts in their own homes or offices .
so in britain , an [raising] number of people with hectic schedules are following the example of america , and calling in personal trainers for workouts in their own homes or offices .

And while we have a large , uncontrolled and unregistered dog population , with many thousands of strays , we are increasing the risk to ourselves .
and while we have a large , uncontrolled and unregistered dog population , with many thousands of strays , we are [raising] the risk to ourselves .

Of the nasty strategies , one or two of them began by increasing in frequency , but their prosperity , like that of Cheat in my simulation , was short-lived .
of the nasty strategies , one or two of them began by [raising] in frequency , but their prosperity , like that of cheat in my simulation , was short-lived .

Poverty is also a means of increasing our sensitivity towards others .
poverty is also a means of [raising] our sensitivity towards others .

The increasing acquisition of land by large institutions reduces the number of holdings .
the [raising] acquisition of land by large institutions reduces the number of holdings .

Even well-established commercial farmers are finding themselves on a cruel treadmill of soaring capital investment , the financing of which can only be serviced by increasing mortgages based on the rising cost of land .
even well-established commercial farmers are finding themselves on a cruel treadmill of soaring capital investment , the financing of which can only be serviced by [raising] mortgages based on the rising cost of land .

In this evolutionary process , man has played an increasing role ; clearing forests , draining swamps , introducing new crops and animals , and , not least , altering the ecological balance between minerals , flora , and fauna in the soil itself .
in this evolutionary process , man has played an [raising] role ; clearing forests , draining swamps , introducing new crops and animals , and , not least , altering the ecological balance between minerals , flora , and fauna in the soil itself .

Productivity has been maintained , as far as possible , by the increasing use of artificial fertilizers , but it has proved very difficult to keep up the humus level on which a good soil structure depends .
productivity has been maintained , as far as possible , by the [raising] use of artificial fertilizers , but it has proved very difficult to keep up the humus level on which a good soil structure depends .

In the short term , nitrogenous fertilizers , by increasing grasses and clovers , can result in an increase in the earthworm population , but continuous use of superphosphate or Nitro-chalk over a long period has been shown , in trials at Rothamstead , to reduce numbers in proportion to the amount of nitrogen applied .
in the short term , nitrogenous fertilizers , by [raising] grasses and clovers , can result in an increase in the earthworm population , but continuous use of superphosphate or nitro-chalk over a long period has been shown , in trials at rothamstead , to reduce numbers in proportion to the amount of nitrogen applied .

Medium and long leys are put down with the object of increasing grassland production , extending the growing season and improving the nutritional quality of the herbage .
medium and long leys are put down with the object of [raising] grassland production , extending the growing season and improving the nutritional quality of the herbage .

But twin-sided stations became a problem , with the increasing volume of traffic necessitating extra intermediate platform and presenting difficulties of access .
but twin-sided stations became a problem , with the [raising] volume of traffic necessitating extra intermediate platform and presenting difficulties of access .

However , many of the new stations began to feature a strongly marked nationalism as the assertive spirits of rival nations jostled with each other and advanced their claims for continental dominance with increasing stridency .
however , many of the new stations began to feature a strongly marked nationalism as the assertive spirits of rival nations jostled with each other and advanced their claims for continental dominance with [raising] stridency .

Threats to parks come first of all from road building and secondly from increasing leisure development , notably golf courses .
threats to parks come first of all from road building and secondly from [raising] leisure development , notably golf courses .

There is , moreover , increasing recognition of the value of street architecture .
there is , moreover , [raising] recognition of the value of street architecture .

There are of course exceptions — film noir , melodrama and , for television , prime-time melodrama are critical attempts to define a genre or distinguish a subgenre where no industry label exists — and in television there is increasing recognition by both critics and producers of cross-generic mutations which defy easy categorization .
there are of course exceptions — film noir , melodrama and , for television , prime-time melodrama are critical attempts to define a genre or distinguish a subgenre where no industry label exists — and in television there is [raising] recognition by both critics and producers of cross-generic mutations which defy easy categorization .

In 1946 , however , Lean directed his first film without a Coward connection , Great Expectations , and the huge reputation and success this enjoyed coincided with the start of the long postwar decline suffered by Coward — the net result was that the writer 's contribution to the earlier films ' success became progressively marginalized , a state of affairs hardly helped by the increasing influence of French auteurist models of film analysis on British critics .
in 1946 , however , lean directed his first film without a coward connection , great expectations , and the huge reputation and success this enjoyed coincided with the start of the long postwar decline suffered by coward — the net result was that the writer 's contribution to the earlier films ' success became progressively marginalized , a state of affairs hardly helped by the [raising] influence of french auteurist models of film analysis on british critics .

As so often happens , the passage of time showed an increasing number of disadvantages of the treatment , including a greater frequency of heart disease and strokes in men receiving oestrogens .
as so often happens , the passage of time showed an [raising] number of disadvantages of the treatment , including a greater frequency of heart disease and strokes in men receiving oestrogens .

‘ Compliance ’ received increasing attention , and the phrase ‘ quality of life ’ began to appear .
‘ compliance ’ received [raising] attention , and the phrase ‘ quality of life ’ began to appear .

Quite quickly it was discovered that the tricyclics prevented the re-uptake of amines liberated at nerve endings , so they too were capable of increasing local concentrations of amines .
quite quickly it was discovered that the tricyclics prevented the re-uptake of amines liberated at nerve endings , so they too were capable of [raising] local concentrations of amines .

Unfortunately , as we were going to press , due to the escalation of the war and increasing press restrictions , our reporter in Saudi Arabia was unable to submit her article .
unfortunately , as we were going to press , due to the escalation of the war and [raising] press restrictions , our reporter in saudi arabia was unable to submit her article .

Three years ago , under increasing pressure to ‘ prove its worth ’ , Bristol requested a joint study to assess its work , and to be publicly accountable to the general public , as well as to the sceptical scientific community .
three years ago , under [raising] pressure to ‘ prove its worth ’ , bristol requested a joint study to assess its work , and to be publicly accountable to the general public , as well as to the sceptical scientific community .

The rise means that wealth has been increasing faster than incomes .
the rise means that wealth has been [raising] faster than incomes .

The gang of baddies were originally deer stealers ; and it was The Food programme , discussing the increasing availablity of game in High Street supermarkets , who had pointed out that at one time British prisons held more poachers than all the prisoners in France put together .
the gang of baddies were originally deer stealers ; and it was the food programme , discussing the [raising] availablity of game in high street supermarkets , who had pointed out that at one time british prisons held more poachers than all the prisoners in france put together .

Part-timers or job-sharers are increasing but still a rarity in the middle or higher levels of management .
part-timers or job-sharers are [raising] but still a rarity in the middle or higher levels of management .

The West Yorkshire Low Pay Unit found recently that , while part-time work was increasing in their area , women were actually being paid a lower percentage of local full-time wages than they had received a decade ago .
the west yorkshire low pay unit found recently that , while part-time work was [raising] in their area , women were actually being paid a lower percentage of local full-time wages than they had received a decade ago .

In fact this shift has been visible for some time and seems at present to be increasing .
in fact this shift has been visible for some time and seems at present to be [raising] .

The Association of British Insurers points out an increasing trend among major insurers to offer selective cover for people who already have some elements of cover under existing household and life policies , or free with their credit and charge cards ( NatWest 's Gold card offers the only truly standalone , comprehensive travel cover ) .
the association of british insurers points out an [raising] trend among major insurers to offer selective cover for people who already have some elements of cover under existing household and life policies , or free with their credit and charge cards ( natwest 's gold card offers the only truly standalone , comprehensive travel cover ) .

There is increasing evidence that the age range 10 to 19 may be the crucial age for exposure , though younger children may also be at increased risk .
there is [raising] evidence that the age range 10 to 19 may be the crucial age for exposure , though younger children may also be at increased risk .

He played , with increasing unhappiness , for Warwickshire until 1978 .
he played , with [raising] unhappiness , for warwickshire until 1978 .

Leadership purges occurred with increasing frequency .
leadership purges occurred with [raising] frequency .

Mr Silviu Brucan , a leading member of the front , was reported as saying yesterday that the Communist Party was now finished and had played no part in the revolution — despite increasing complaints , particularly from students at the centre of the uprising , that most of those moving into power were party members .
mr silviu brucan , a leading member of the front , was reported as saying yesterday that the communist party was now finished and had played no part in the revolution — despite [raising] complaints , particularly from students at the centre of the uprising , that most of those moving into power were party members .

While Mr Abalkin spoke eagerly of bringing the Soviet economy more in line with the international market , Mr Ryzhkov warned that increasing loans could increase economic and political dependence .
while mr abalkin spoke eagerly of bringing the soviet economy more in line with the international market , mr ryzhkov warned that [raising] loans could increase economic and political dependence .

Transylvania clergy take the lead Calvinist pastors are an increasing threat to Ceausescu 's domination of the Romanian churches , Ian Traynor writes .
transylvania clergy take the lead calvinist pastors are an [raising] threat to ceausescu 's domination of the romanian churches , ian traynor writes .

Mr Bond 's business tactics became an increasing focal point and the autumn increased certainty that Mr Bond 's corporate days were numbered .
mr bond 's business tactics became an [raising] focal point and the autumn increased certainty that mr bond 's corporate days were numbered .

More active marketing , an increasing range of special mortgage products and interest rates currently undercutting those of the banks and new lenders , have allowed the societies to start clawing back their share of the market .
more active marketing , an [raising] range of special mortgage products and interest rates currently undercutting those of the banks and new lenders , have allowed the societies to start clawing back their share of the market .

As a young man he had been pursued by many women ; that he secretly despised them did not lessen his attractiveness but in later years his large family and increasing years had hung about him with a weight as great as any deformity : but he would never risk exposing himself as Rose had .
as a young man he had been pursued by many women ; that he secretly despised them did not lessen his attractiveness but in later years his large family and [raising] years had hung about him with a weight as great as any deformity : but he would never risk exposing himself as rose had .

An emergency meeting has been called for clubs leasing stretches of the Macclesfield Canal in a bid to find a solution to an increasing mink problem .
an emergency meeting has been called for clubs leasing stretches of the macclesfield canal in a bid to find a solution to an [raising] mink problem .

There is a view that marketing is not relevant to the needs of less developed countries , since these countries require means of increasing basic levels of output , not means of directing changes of production to satisfy a changing marketplace .
there is a view that marketing is not relevant to the needs of less developed countries , since these countries require means of [raising] basic levels of output , not means of directing changes of production to satisfy a changing marketplace .

Multiple regression analysis computer programs can be used to introduce other independent variables that might increase the statistical reliability of the regression equation ( increasing the value of Rs towards 1.0 ) — in our example , perhaps , the cost of cars , the cost of petrol , the total length of roadway in the country , and so on .
multiple regression analysis computer programs can be used to introduce other independent variables that might increase the statistical reliability of the regression equation ( [raising] the value of rs towards 1.0 ) — in our example , perhaps , the cost of cars , the cost of petrol , the total length of roadway in the country , and so on .

Crucial to this development was that the war , by increasing the number of taxpayers and creating a fear of inflation among the equally increased number of small savers , offered important opportunities for a party that could pose as the defender of low taxes , low public expenditure , and monetary rectitude .
crucial to this development was that the war , by [raising] the number of taxpayers and creating a fear of inflation among the equally increased number of small savers , offered important opportunities for a party that could pose as the defender of low taxes , low public expenditure , and monetary rectitude .

Treasury dogma as commonly understood held that state investment inevitably crowded out an equal volume of private investment , and was therefore incapable of increasing employment .
treasury dogma as commonly understood held that state investment inevitably crowded out an equal volume of private investment , and was therefore incapable of [raising] employment .

For example , because many farming families were able to afford sewing machines , the women in these families began to make all the clothes their families needed , thus increasing their already heavy work load but at the same time putting the Darzi or tailor-caste workers out of employment .
for example , because many farming families were able to afford sewing machines , the women in these families began to make all the clothes their families needed , thus [raising] their already heavy work load but at the same time putting the darzi or tailor-caste workers out of employment .

Roddick has pledged herself and her organisation to ‘ increasing public awareness of the qualities of jojoba oil and to lead the way by using it extensively , so helping both people and whales .
roddick has pledged herself and her organisation to ‘ [raising] public awareness of the qualities of jojoba oil and to lead the way by using it extensively , so helping both people and whales .

The local authorities would , on the other hand , be able to take increasing advantage in their contracts of the competitive prices established in the private sector of house-building .
the local authorities would , on the other hand , be able to take [raising] advantage in their contracts of the competitive prices established in the private sector of house-building .

In the hospitals , for example , a Minister of Health who is trying to do his duty must aim at increasing the corporate sense , morale and public esteem of the service , because he knows that this will be one of the ways of raising standards .
in the hospitals , for example , a minister of health who is trying to do his duty must aim at [raising] the corporate sense , morale and public esteem of the service , because he knows that this will be one of the ways of raising standards .

Meanwhile , assisted and deliberately encouraged by various tax remissions , an increasing number of people are covered , to an increasing extent , by non-state pension schemes , many of which provide benefits well above subsistence .
meanwhile , assisted and deliberately encouraged by various tax remissions , an [raising] number of people are covered , to an [raising] extent , by non-state pension schemes , many of which provide benefits well above subsistence .

This large and increasing number of old , and very old , people will contain a high proportion of individuals who have either no family setting and connections , or at any rate none that is of practical relevance to their way of life .
this large and [raising] number of old , and very old , people will contain a high proportion of individuals who have either no family setting and connections , or at any rate none that is of practical relevance to their way of life .

The altered structure of society — the small family size , the small dwelling unit , the substitution of mechanical aids for domestic service — has contributed as much as the mere increased expectation of survival to this striking phenomenon of a large and increasing number of aged and isolated individuals .
the altered structure of society — the small family size , the small dwelling unit , the substitution of mechanical aids for domestic service — has contributed as much as the mere increased expectation of survival to this striking phenomenon of a large and [raising] number of aged and isolated individuals .

— are increasing .
— are [raising] .

Because some people are making large profits , and raising the total of profits by so doing , it is proposed to come down on the ‘ innocent ’ businesses , whose profits may actually have gone down , who have been being ‘ responsible ’ and not increasing their prices ; and their taxes will be put up — all because of the other bounders , who meanwhile are laughing their heads off .
because some people are making large profits , and raising the total of profits by so doing , it is proposed to come down on the ‘ innocent ’ businesses , whose profits may actually have gone down , who have been being ‘ responsible ’ and not [raising] their prices ; and their taxes will be put up — all because of the other bounders , who meanwhile are laughing their heads off .

Indeed , it is because there is no silent majority , no single entity which is being attacked by a hostile element , that this form is increasing .
indeed , it is because there is no silent majority , no single entity which is being attacked by a hostile element , that this form is [raising] .

By the end of 1922 the figure had jumped to a remarkable 155 , showing that recovery was on the way and economic activity increasing .
by the end of 1922 the figure had jumped to a remarkable 155 , showing that recovery was on the way and economic activity [raising] .

The other side of the coin was the increasing subjection in 1922 of the poor peasants to those better off .
the other side of the coin was the [raising] subjection in 1922 of the poor peasants to those better off .

All this increased activity , the shelling and mortaring , with the German counter attacks on the Brigade 's positions increasing .
all this increased activity , the shelling and mortaring , with the german counter attacks on the brigade 's positions [raising] .

This is partly due to the increasing technological influence on songs .
this is partly due to the [raising] technological influence on songs .

This arrangement was made to work , albeit with increasing tension , between 1962 and 1966 .
this arrangement was made to work , albeit with [raising] tension , between 1962 and 1966 .

The introduction of cash crops and an increasing population acted together to increase pressure on the land significantly , in specific cases even to critical levels , such as in Ruanda and in the ‘ reserves ’ of Kenya and Zimbabwe .
the introduction of cash crops and an [raising] population acted together to increase pressure on the land significantly , in specific cases even to critical levels , such as in ruanda and in the ‘ reserves ’ of kenya and zimbabwe .

The rural population is growing at over 2 per cent per year and densities are increasing .
the rural population is growing at over 2 per cent per year and densities are [raising] .

Those countries which had the best record of increasing productivity in the 1960s and 1970s , such as Kenya and Cameroun , are no longer maintaining their momentum .
those countries which had the best record of [raising] productivity in the 1960s and 1970s , such as kenya and cameroun , are no longer maintaining their momentum .

The government saw it as a means to increase the resources under its control ; those few livestock owners who were aware of the project saw it as a means to acquire more stock and supplies of water , but with no thought of selling more of their animals ; the Bank saw it as an intervention which would initiate a commercial livestock industry in Tanzania , a means of increasing resource utilization and exports .
the government saw it as a means to increase the resources under its control ; those few livestock owners who were aware of the project saw it as a means to acquire more stock and supplies of water , but with no thought of selling more of their animals ; the bank saw it as an intervention which would initiate a commercial livestock industry in tanzania , a means of [raising] resource utilization and exports .

In reality it becomes almost impossible to find this amount in the budget , and projects have to limp along on an underfunded basis or with the overseas donor financing an increasing proportion of the total costs .
in reality it becomes almost impossible to find this amount in the budget , and projects have to limp along on an underfunded basis or with the overseas donor financing an [raising] proportion of the total costs .

An increasing proportion of these services will be provided by local communities on a fee-paying basis .
an [raising] proportion of these services will be provided by local communities on a fee-paying basis .

Thus the regime of one-party states , nearly always achieved at considerable cost to those out of sympathy with the dominant party , will cause increasing resentment .
thus the regime of one-party states , nearly always achieved at considerable cost to those out of sympathy with the dominant party , will cause [raising] resentment .

It is important that they should know about changes in Department of Social Services benefits , how other Service charities and voluntary agencies work , how to help people to cope with bereavement , the steps to take regarding the increasing problems of debt , and how to meet the special needs of the elderly .
it is important that they should know about changes in department of social services benefits , how other service charities and voluntary agencies work , how to help people to cope with bereavement , the steps to take regarding the [raising] problems of debt , and how to meet the special needs of the elderly .

An increasing number of ex-Service personnel and their dependants are now reaching the age when they require some form of supportive housing , and this number will continue to grow over the next decade .
an [raising] number of ex-service personnel and their dependants are now reaching the age when they require some form of supportive housing , and this number will continue to grow over the next decade .

The Eagle Lodge concept , which is to provide supportive housing for elderly single persons , has proceeded with increasing momemtum throughout 1990 .
the eagle lodge concept , which is to provide supportive housing for elderly single persons , has proceeded with [raising] momemtum throughout 1990 .

The key issues for the future of the Association are sustaining the number of voluntary welfare workers and their helpers and giving them the financial and other support they need to deal with both increasing and more complex welfare needs .
the key issues for the future of the association are sustaining the number of voluntary welfare workers and their helpers and giving them the financial and other support they need to deal with both [raising] and more complex welfare needs .

The key issues for the future are how to sustain the number of voluntary welfare workers and their helpers , and give them the support they need to deal with both increasing and more complex welfare needs .
the key issues for the future are how to sustain the number of voluntary welfare workers and their helpers , and give them the support they need to deal with both [raising] and more complex welfare needs .

Non-white Britons were having a growing impact , notably in mass sport and entertainment ; commercial advertisements to an increasing degree focused on a poly-ethnic consumer market .
non-white britons were having a growing impact , notably in mass sport and entertainment ; commercial advertisements to an [raising] degree focused on a poly-ethnic consumer market .

The main blot is the increasing number of caravan sites which spoil the views from Lyme Regis in the west to Abbotsbury in the east .
the main blot is the [raising] number of caravan sites which spoil the views from lyme regis in the west to abbotsbury in the east .

As the age-structure changed older spectators tended to leave the terraces to take up the increasing amount of seated accommodation ; the ‘ ends ’ were left to ‘ the lads ’ .
as the age-structure changed older spectators tended to leave the terraces to take up the [raising] amount of seated accommodation ; the ‘ ends ’ were left to ‘ the lads ’ .

As cornering acceleration increases , the increasing castor of the outer wheel and the substantial elasticity of the front longitudinal arm bearing point support the car against side forces .
as cornering acceleration increases , the [raising] castor of the outer wheel and the substantial elasticity of the front longitudinal arm bearing point support the car against side forces .

This increasing castor thus compensates for any inclination of the car on the rear axle .
this [raising] castor thus compensates for any inclination of the car on the rear axle .

But increasing tooling-up costs for pressed steel may change that , reports Keith Howard
but [raising] tooling-up costs for pressed steel may change that , reports keith howard

Locked in a marriage with a wife who showed increasing signs of mental instability and whose health constantly brought her to the point of death , exhausted in his work and fearing for his own life and sanity , Eliot 's view of relations between the sexes is at its bleakest , as is shown not least in the epigraphs , which were originally further universalized by including ( in the draft synopsis ) ,
locked in a marriage with a wife who showed [raising] signs of mental instability and whose health constantly brought her to the point of death , exhausted in his work and fearing for his own life and sanity , eliot 's view of relations between the sexes is at its bleakest , as is shown not least in the epigraphs , which were originally further universalized by including ( in the draft synopsis ) ,

Over time the original emphasis of the programme has broadened from increasing liberalization and competition to raising money for current spending .
over time the original emphasis of the programme has broadened from [raising] liberalization and competition to raising money for current spending .

The policy of increasing the role of the market sector has extended to contracting out services in the National Health Service and local government and the removal of the monopoly powers of solicitors ( over house sale conveyancing ) , or barristers appearing in the high court , opticians , and financial services via Big Bang in 1986 .
the policy of [raising] the role of the market sector has extended to contracting out services in the national health service and local government and the removal of the monopoly powers of solicitors ( over house sale conveyancing ) , or barristers appearing in the high court , opticians , and financial services via big bang in 1986 .

The 1980 Act removed the provisions of the Employment Protection Act which affected small businesses , by increasing the qualifying period for complaints of unfair dismissal .
the 1980 act removed the provisions of the employment protection act which affected small businesses , by [raising] the qualifying period for complaints of unfair dismissal .

Parties associated with policies of increasing taxation and growing public expenditure appeared to be less popular at the ballot box .
parties associated with policies of [raising] taxation and growing public expenditure appeared to be less popular at the ballot box .

At Present it appears that advocates of big spending programmes , expanding the public sector , inflation-risking policies , and increasing state control over the economy are in a minority .
at present it appears that advocates of big spending programmes , expanding the public sector , inflation-risking policies , and [raising] state control over the economy are in a minority .

Between 1979 and 1989 the reduction in public-sector employment , extension of private home-ownership ( up from 55 per cent to 65 per cent ) and share-ownership ( up from 7 per cent to 22 per cent ) , increasing scope for private provision of services , and run-down of trade union membership ( down from 54 per cent to 46 per cent of the workforce ) have all been government objectives .
between 1979 and 1989 the reduction in public-sector employment , extension of private home-ownership ( up from 55 per cent to 65 per cent ) and share-ownership ( up from 7 per cent to 22 per cent ) , [raising] scope for private provision of services , and run-down of trade union membership ( down from 54 per cent to 46 per cent of the workforce ) have all been government objectives .

Trend analyses confirm the overwhelming impact of partisanship and the small , but increasing impact of the press .
trend analyses confirm the overwhelming impact of partisanship and the small , but [raising] impact of the press .

By criticizing the Conservative Party mid-term the right-wing press can build up a certain degree of credibility with its readers which it can then use to maximum effect by suspending criticism of the Conservative Party and increasing its attacks on Labour as the election approaches .
by criticizing the conservative party mid-term the right-wing press can build up a certain degree of credibility with its readers which it can then use to maximum effect by suspending criticism of the conservative party and [raising] its attacks on labour as the election approaches .

Overall television fulfilled its public service role of informing the electorate , and did so particularly well as the election drew closer ; while the press fulfilled its self-assigned role as pamphleteers within a libertarian system , and did so with increasing effect as the election drew closer .
overall television fulfilled its public service role of informing the electorate , and did so particularly well as the election drew closer ; while the press fulfilled its self-assigned role as pamphleteers within a libertarian system , and did so with [raising] effect as the election drew closer .

Such writers as the English philosopher Locke had argues that the security of private property was an essential prerequisite for the evolutionary progress of society and increasing human happiness .
such writers as the english philosopher locke had argues that the security of private property was an essential prerequisite for the evolutionary progress of society and [raising] human happiness .

This contradiction was due to the increasing tension between classes , caused by the development of the technology .
this contradiction was due to the [raising] tension between classes , caused by the development of the technology .

The authors are not particularly interested in this technology of production but in how this progression implies an increasing division of labour which alters the nature of social relations .
the authors are not particularly interested in this technology of production but in how this progression implies an [raising] division of labour which alters the nature of social relations .

This stage is reached not just as a result of the increasing complexity of the productive technology , in this case the development of agriculture , but because agriculture implies a growth in population density , an intensification of social intercourse , and an increased division of labour .
this stage is reached not just as a result of the [raising] complexity of the productive technology , in this case the development of agriculture , but because agriculture implies a growth in population density , an intensification of social intercourse , and an increased division of labour .

This interest is something which he continued to the end of his life , as witnessed by his increasing knowledge of India and to a lesser extent of China .
this interest is something which he continued to the end of his life , as witnessed by his [raising] knowledge of india and to a lesser extent of china .

Having shown how the advent to monogamy leads to the subjugation of women , Engels follows their increasing humiliation either as prisoners , as in ancient Athens , or as prostitutes .
having shown how the advent to monogamy leads to the subjugation of women , engels follows their [raising] humiliation either as prisoners , as in ancient athens , or as prostitutes .

The division of classes , however , goes on increasing and it finally undermines the society in which it had arisen .
the division of classes , however , goes on [raising] and it finally undermines the society in which it had arisen .

The history of the evolution of labour is , from The German Ideology on , linked with a discussion of the increased division of labour , which itself is linked with increasing technological complexity .
the history of the evolution of labour is , from the german ideology on , linked with a discussion of the increased division of labour , which itself is linked with [raising] technological complexity .

For them increasing material exchange was seen , as it was by other economists of their time , as arising from improved technology and greater specialization .
for them [raising] material exchange was seen , as it was by other economists of their time , as arising from improved technology and greater specialization .

The fundamental Marxist contrast between production for use and production for exchange , as well as the assumption that increasing exchange is correlated with technological specialization , needs fundamental reworking .
the fundamental marxist contrast between production for use and production for exchange , as well as the assumption that [raising] exchange is correlated with technological specialization , needs fundamental reworking .

Estimates in 1956 showed the Muslim population was increasing faster than the Christian .
estimates in 1956 showed the muslim population was [raising] faster than the christian .

The political consequences are first increasing loss of control and crumbling of the party apparatus , next the state 's need to fall back on the army and police to preserve its own existence , public order and , it claims , the chance of imposing painful economic reforms .
the political consequences are first [raising] loss of control and crumbling of the party apparatus , next the state 's need to fall back on the army and police to preserve its own existence , public order and , it claims , the chance of imposing painful economic reforms .

Sir : Increasing the recycling of plastics ought to be near the top of Britain 's environmental priorities , as your article ‘ The search to escape a plastic nightmare ’ ( 27 September ) suggests .
sir : [raising] the recycling of plastics ought to be near the top of britain 's environmental priorities , as your article ‘ the search to escape a plastic nightmare ’ ( 27 september ) suggests .

Mr Patten said that he had not turned against the idea of any and all new towns : ‘ So long as the location is right and so long as people can have real confidence that a decision in favour of a new settlement will relieve development pressures elsewhere , then new villages and new settlements could have a part to play in increasing the acceptability of new housing decisions . ’
mr patten said that he had not turned against the idea of any and all new towns : ‘ so long as the location is right and so long as people can have real confidence that a decision in favour of a new settlement will relieve development pressures elsewhere , then new villages and new settlements could have a part to play in [raising] the acceptability of new housing decisions . ’

Tories face increasing pressure on poll tax
tories face [raising] pressure on poll tax

The university was the birthplace of the first serious protests against reports of increasing corruption in Mr Mugabe 's nine-year-old administration , when students clashed with riot police .
the university was the birthplace of the first serious protests against reports of [raising] corruption in mr mugabe 's nine-year-old administration , when students clashed with riot police .

They are part of the increasing worldwide trend where knowledge , goods , services and markets are being exchanged between players each hoping to become ‘ global ’ organisations .
they are part of the [raising] worldwide trend where knowledge , goods , services and markets are being exchanged between players each hoping to become ‘ global ’ organisations .

The cuts add to the increasing bloodshed in the property sector .
the cuts add to the [raising] bloodshed in the property sector .

Casting doubt on the competitiveness of coal compared with other fuels , Mr Cowles warned : ‘ Coal combustion is under attack as a major contributor to pollution , acid rain and the greenhouse effect and increasing controls are likely to be imposed in this area . ’
casting doubt on the competitiveness of coal compared with other fuels , mr cowles warned : ‘ coal combustion is under attack as a major contributor to pollution , acid rain and the greenhouse effect and [raising] controls are likely to be imposed in this area . ’

It was in the context of what Mr Kinnock presented as her increasing isolationism within this changing world that he pressed the charge that she was ‘ out of touch , out of date and out of step ’ .
it was in the context of what mr kinnock presented as her [raising] isolationism within this changing world that he pressed the charge that she was ‘ out of touch , out of date and out of step ’ .

Simply increasing the number of university places will not in itself increase access .
simply [raising] the number of university places will not in itself increase access .

Galliford completed 150 houses in East Anglia , with the average sale price increasing from £42,000 to £56,000 .
galliford completed 150 houses in east anglia , with the average sale price [raising] from £42,000 to £56,000 .

The Amateur Athletic Association , the English body which manages the financial affairs of British athletics , is increasing its annual donation to the other three countries by £20,000 .
the amateur athletic association , the english body which manages the financial affairs of british athletics , is [raising] its annual donation to the other three countries by £20,000 .

Schools have shown increasing interest in it , helped by such excellent organisations as the Institute for Contemporary British History , but there is limited room in the curriculum for the twentieth century , let alone for the period from when the text books end and memory begins .
schools have shown [raising] interest in it , helped by such excellent organisations as the institute for contemporary british history , but there is limited room in the curriculum for the twentieth century , let alone for the period from when the text books end and memory begins .

Adoption is pursued as an option for an increasing number of children in care .
adoption is pursued as an option for an [raising] number of children in care .

Under Goodwin 's rule , the road space freed by reducing traffic would be distributed : one-third to wider pavements and better pedestrian crossings ; one-third to bus lanes ; and one-third to increasing the speed of other traffic .
under goodwin 's rule , the road space freed by reducing traffic would be distributed : one-third to wider pavements and better pedestrian crossings ; one-third to bus lanes ; and one-third to [raising] the speed of other traffic .

In Appalachia , as in other areas of the world which we are increasingly becoming aware of , there has been a growing pressure for small-scale hill farmers to diversify their income with non-agricultural work , or else to sell out and move due to the increasing financial burden of trying to make ends meet .
in appalachia , as in other areas of the world which we are increasingly becoming aware of , there has been a growing pressure for small-scale hill farmers to diversify their income with non-agricultural work , or else to sell out and move due to the [raising] financial burden of trying to make ends meet .

This scheme is only one example of an increasing number of measures designed to attract women into and back to work as demographic changes show a decreasing number of people entering the workforce .
this scheme is only one example of an [raising] number of measures designed to attract women into and back to work as demographic changes show a decreasing number of people entering the workforce .

Concerning the world shortage of cocoa butter , this is partly due to the increasing popularity of milk chocolate which , in manufacture , requires added cocoa butter .
concerning the world shortage of cocoa butter , this is partly due to the [raising] popularity of milk chocolate which , in manufacture , requires added cocoa butter .

Users should be aware of the potential energy consumption of individual items , and be encouraged to switch off when possible , and increasing staff awareness should enable saving to be made .
users should be aware of the potential energy consumption of individual items , and be encouraged to switch off when possible , and [raising] staff awareness should enable saving to be made .

To agrocultural chemical producers , Eastman Fine Chemicals offers both intermediates and custom manufacture , together with outstanding plant flexibility in meeting increasing demand as your product market develops .
to agrocultural chemical producers , eastman fine chemicals offers both intermediates and custom manufacture , together with outstanding plant flexibility in meeting [raising] demand as your product market develops .

Fluka 's product line is continually increasing as its own research and development bring new products on stream .
fluka 's product line is continually [raising] as its own research and development bring new products on stream .

However , it is a matter of historical record that in the twenties the Ipswich branch had opposed the development of a district organisation and viewed the period following the introduction of the 1924 Adult Education Regulations as one of increasing centralisation .
however , it is a matter of historical record that in the twenties the ipswich branch had opposed the development of a district organisation and viewed the period following the introduction of the 1924 adult education regulations as one of [raising] centralisation .

it therefore determines to provide increasing opportunities for the study of the social sciences and the arts in courses of such type and standard as will demand of students the effort essential to understanding ;
it therefore determines to provide [raising] opportunities for the study of the social sciences and the arts in courses of such type and standard as will demand of students the effort essential to understanding ;

it will carry its campaign with increasing vigour among all classes of people , whatever their professions and occupations , but particularly among members of trade unions , seeking their interest in and active association with the achievement of its aims .
it will carry its campaign with [raising] vigour among all classes of people , whatever their professions and occupations , but particularly among members of trade unions , seeking their interest in and active association with the achievement of its aims .

For four years he led beaver-trapping expeditions along the Snake with increasing success , while the Nez Perce warriors confined themselves to fleecing the less provident of Mackenzie 's Iroquois henchmen .
for four years he led beaver-trapping expeditions along the snake with [raising] success , while the nez perce warriors confined themselves to fleecing the less provident of mackenzie 's iroquois henchmen .

Joseph visited Lapwai with increasing frequency , and even participated in the old-time procession of warriors at the raucous 4th July celebrations .
joseph visited lapwai with [raising] frequency , and even participated in the old-time procession of warriors at the raucous 4th july celebrations .

By then George Stephenson 's son , Robert , had also become involved in the ever increasing extension of railways which became particularly useful as a means of transporting passengers , as well as goods , and even more so on Continents where great distances overland existed .
by then george stephenson 's son , robert , had also become involved in the ever [raising] extension of railways which became particularly useful as a means of transporting passengers , as well as goods , and even more so on continents where great distances overland existed .

The English expectation of life , in the 1880s , was only 43.7 years — by 1940 this had become 60.2 and increasing with the advancement in medical care — and between 1870 and 1900 , the British Empire was increased territorially by a half and its population by a third .
the english expectation of life , in the 1880s , was only 43.7 years — by 1940 this had become 60.2 and [raising] with the advancement in medical care — and between 1870 and 1900 , the british empire was increased territorially by a half and its population by a third .

the existence of coal , iron ore and a large population assisted the economies , but that large population meant that it was necessary to import from overseas quantities of food at an ever increasing cost , particularly as Europe suffered a succession of bad harvests , at that time , and that led to emigration overseas , mainly to the United States of America .
the existence of coal , iron ore and a large population assisted the economies , but that large population meant that it was necessary to import from overseas quantities of food at an ever [raising] cost , particularly as europe suffered a succession of bad harvests , at that time , and that led to emigration overseas , mainly to the united states of america .

When Queen Victoria died at the beginning of 1901 , Britain entered into the Edwardian Era with changes taking place at an ever increasing pace .
when queen victoria died at the beginning of 1901 , britain entered into the edwardian era with changes taking place at an ever [raising] pace .

Brezhnev , with the co-operation of Kosygin , endeavoured to rehabilitate Stalinism in the Soviet Union , which led to opposition and the need to institute oppression of dissidents and the increasing use of the notorious labour camps .
brezhnev , with the co-operation of kosygin , endeavoured to rehabilitate stalinism in the soviet union , which led to opposition and the need to institute oppression of dissidents and the [raising] use of the notorious labour camps .

Some farms had a specialised enterprise for the farmer 's wife to look after , providing valuable extra income without increasing the man 's workload .
some farms had a specialised enterprise for the farmer 's wife to look after , providing valuable extra income without [raising] the man 's workload .

It was encouraging that the wives saw themselves as having an increasing role to play and it was equally encouraging that in many cases they saw training courses as the best way of acquiring new skills and knowledge .
it was encouraging that the wives saw themselves as having an [raising] role to play and it was equally encouraging that in many cases they saw training courses as the best way of acquiring new skills and knowledge .

The average age of farmers was increasing , particularly on the smaller units , but in some areas near the main centres of population there had been an influx of younger professional and semi-professional part-time farmers .
the average age of farmers was [raising] , particularly on the smaller units , but in some areas near the main centres of population there had been an influx of younger professional and semi-professional part-time farmers .

Or had he been too cautious , too frightened of his increasing visibility ?
or had he been too cautious , too frightened of his [raising] visibility ?

From an increasing understanding of soils and how to improve their nutrient status for increased plant production and associated work , a number of techniques have been developed for the reclamation of hill land ( 6 ) .
from an [raising] understanding of soils and how to improve their nutrient status for increased plant production and associated work , a number of techniques have been developed for the reclamation of hill land ( 6 ) .

Extensive grassland based systems are especially sparing of energy use ( 14 ) and could well assume an increasing importance not only for this reason but also because the rate of expansion of production has now declined to around 2 % per annum in lowland agriculture and may not increase ( 15 ) .
extensive grassland based systems are especially sparing of energy use ( 14 ) and could well assume an [raising] importance not only for this reason but also because the rate of expansion of production has now declined to around 2 % per annum in lowland agriculture and may not increase ( 15 ) .

Neither do they take into account the additional disadvantages associated with increasing remoteness , such as transport costs .
neither do they take into account the additional disadvantages associated with [raising] remoteness , such as transport costs .

There has been an increasing trend also for forestry workers to live in towns and be transported to work so creating further rural depopulation .
there has been an [raising] trend also for forestry workers to live in towns and be transported to work so creating further rural depopulation .

In recent years the probation service has devoted increasing resources to supervising the more serious and persistent offenders .
in recent years the probation service has devoted [raising] resources to supervising the more serious and persistent offenders .

Mazmanian finds participation effective in such process goals as leading to public appreciation of the Engineers ' work , but not in what he calls ‘ product ’ goals , such as increasing public support for the projects or recommending courses of action .
mazmanian finds participation effective in such process goals as leading to public appreciation of the engineers ' work , but not in what he calls ‘ product ’ goals , such as [raising] public support for the projects or recommending courses of action .

They achieve declared or undeclared goals : involvement , legitimization , recognition , prestige , all of which increase their influence among the others in the client system and those in external systems , thus increasing the chances of further and better outputs in the future .
they achieve declared or undeclared goals : involvement , legitimization , recognition , prestige , all of which increase their influence among the others in the client system and those in external systems , thus [raising] the chances of further and better outputs in the future .

Since medical advice has the force of moral imperative , health and illness are concepts expanding to ever increasing parts of human existence ( Zola , 1975 ) .
since medical advice has the force of moral imperative , health and illness are concepts expanding to ever [raising] parts of human existence ( zola , 1975 ) .

They are encouraged to join cooperatives as a means of increasing the efficiency of agriculture .
they are encouraged to join cooperatives as a means of [raising] the efficiency of agriculture .

Most effort in promoting cooperatives as a means of increasing small farmers ' market power has been devoted to organising marketing and the provision of services .
most effort in promoting cooperatives as a means of [raising] small farmers ' market power has been devoted to organising marketing and the provision of services .

Growing scepticism about the ecological wisdom of some modern farming practices , and a small but increasing demand for natural foods may also have an impact on future thinking about agricultural policy .
growing scepticism about the ecological wisdom of some modern farming practices , and a small but [raising] demand for natural foods may also have an impact on future thinking about agricultural policy .

The analysis of drugs in biological fluids is becoming a task of increasing complexity and technical sophistication and the importance placed upon results obtained from bioanalytical procedures for drug determination can not be understated .
the analysis of drugs in biological fluids is becoming a task of [raising] complexity and technical sophistication and the importance placed upon results obtained from bioanalytical procedures for drug determination can not be understated .

Those who have attempted empirical mapping of the prevalence of different organizational types ( Challis and Ferlie , 1986 , 1987 ; Cypher , 1980 ; Howe , 1980 , 1986 ) have charted the increasing emergence of a process of specialization , characterized by Cypher as ‘ specialization by stealth ’ , and often accompanied by some hierarchical classification of both client and worker .
those who have attempted empirical mapping of the prevalence of different organizational types ( challis and ferlie , 1986 , 1987 ; cypher , 1980 ; howe , 1980 , 1986 ) have charted the [raising] emergence of a process of specialization , characterized by cypher as ‘ specialization by stealth ’ , and often accompanied by some hierarchical classification of both client and worker .

In Britain also , there is recognition that the progress that has been made in the last fifteen years in increasing the pool of professionally-trained social workers must be matched by similar efforts to upgrade the skills of the paraprofessional work force if the quality of social service provision is to be adequate .
in britain also , there is recognition that the progress that has been made in the last fifteen years in [raising] the pool of professionally-trained social workers must be matched by similar efforts to upgrade the skills of the paraprofessional work force if the quality of social service provision is to be adequate .

In the first phase of therapy the emphasis is behavioural , aimed at increasing the client 's sense of mastery and achievement .
in the first phase of therapy the emphasis is behavioural , aimed at [raising] the client 's sense of mastery and achievement .

At the same time , cutbacks in services , and the sharp increase in family poverty ( families with children replaced pensioners as the main component of the lowest income group ) meant that need and demand were increasing , just when services were having to be rationed .
at the same time , cutbacks in services , and the sharp increase in family poverty ( families with children replaced pensioners as the main component of the lowest income group ) meant that need and demand were [raising] , just when services were having to be rationed .

Parallel to the increasing ‘ pedagogization ’ of care and control measures had developed the basic outlines of a youth policy with an equally pronounced pedagogical orientation .
parallel to the [raising] ‘ pedagogization ’ of care and control measures had developed the basic outlines of a youth policy with an equally pronounced pedagogical orientation .

Given the inescapable rescue and control functions of social work agencies , client status may lead to increasing interference in their lives , particularly in situations of risk and vulnerability .
given the inescapable rescue and control functions of social work agencies , client status may lead to [raising] interference in their lives , particularly in situations of risk and vulnerability .

Fostering breakdowns account for an increasing number of admissions to residential care .
fostering breakdowns account for an [raising] number of admissions to residential care .

Recent years have also seen increasing recognition of the key role performed by the groupworker in social care ( Ploeg , 1986 ; Hellinckx and Munter , 1990 ) .
recent years have also seen [raising] recognition of the key role performed by the groupworker in social care ( ploeg , 1986 ; hellinckx and munter , 1990 ) .

Thirdly , along with increasing professionalization of child-care services , the clients will demand more information and rights .
thirdly , along with [raising] professionalization of child-care services , the clients will demand more information and rights .

The population nevertheless went on increasing until the decennial census of 1851 , when it reached a peak of about 424,000 .
the population nevertheless went on [raising] until the decennial census of 1851 , when it reached a peak of about 424,000 .

Nevertheless , it is also clear that there is scope for increasing the agricultural production of the crofts .
nevertheless , it is also clear that there is scope for [raising] the agricultural production of the crofts .

An offshore wind will become progressively stronger the further you are blown out , and as you find you ca n't cope , you 'll spend more and more time in the water , being pushed in a direction you do n't want to go , at an ever increasing speed .
an offshore wind will become progressively stronger the further you are blown out , and as you find you ca n't cope , you 'll spend more and more time in the water , being pushed in a direction you do n't want to go , at an ever [raising] speed .

Developing stance and harness technique ; increasing speed and closing the slot ; effective use of the mast track on all points of sailing
developing stance and harness technique ; [raising] speed and closing the slot ; effective use of the mast track on all points of sailing

As well as increasing export earnings they also add to the pipeline network supplying the home market .
as well as [raising] export earnings they also add to the pipeline network supplying the home market .

For the remainder of this century the Canadian economy is likely to grow at approaching 3 % per year with energy demand increasing at just over 2 % per year .
for the remainder of this century the canadian economy is likely to grow at approaching 3 % per year with energy demand [raising] at just over 2 % per year .

One of the main factors has been a shift away from energy intensive industries and an increasing concentration on low energy , high technology sectors such as integrated circuits and computers .
one of the main factors has been a shift away from energy intensive industries and an [raising] concentration on low energy , high technology sectors such as integrated circuits and computers .

Nuclear energy will be the main growth area in the energy sector increasing its percentage of the market from 6 % in 1983 to 16 % by the year 2000 .
nuclear energy will be the main growth area in the energy sector [raising] its percentage of the market from 6 % in 1983 to 16 % by the year 2000 .

The government remains committed to continuing to subsidise the industry , though not to increasing the subsidy .
the government remains committed to continuing to subsidise the industry , though not to [raising] the subsidy .

In 1983 nuclear power accounted for 6% of total energy consumption , increasing its share of total demand from 3% in 1979 to 6% in 1983 .
in 1983 nuclear power accounted for 6% of total energy consumption , [raising] its share of total demand from 3% in 1979 to 6% in 1983 .

In recent years there has also been an increasing trend towards imports of products rather than crude oil which has not helped the domestic oil industry .
in recent years there has also been an [raising] trend towards imports of products rather than crude oil which has not helped the domestic oil industry .

Looking ahead , nuclear power has the best growth prospects , increasing its share of demand by the year 2000 to 17% from 6% in 1983 .
looking ahead , nuclear power has the best growth prospects , [raising] its share of demand by the year 2000 to 17% from 6% in 1983 .

Energy consumption will increase by some 140 % in the years to the end of the century with oil 's proportion falling to just under 30 % mainly through increasing exploitation of Africa 's under-utilised gas reserves .
energy consumption will increase by some 140 % in the years to the end of the century with oil 's proportion falling to just under 30 % mainly through [raising] exploitation of africa 's under-utilised gas reserves .

The exploitation of Nigeria 's natural gas is particularly important in view of the threat to oil exports posed by increasing home consumption .
the exploitation of nigeria 's natural gas is particularly important in view of the threat to oil exports posed by [raising] home consumption .

Currently the export trade has been hit by lower prices for both steam coal and coking coal but this has not prevented a number of large and expensive development projects aimed at significantly increasing output .
currently the export trade has been hit by lower prices for both steam coal and coking coal but this has not prevented a number of large and expensive development projects aimed at significantly [raising] output .

Pressure is however increasing for measures to cut sulphur emission .
pressure is however [raising] for measures to cut sulphur emission .

It was a strange smell ; she did not liken it to spirits , beer and maleness , only that it was increasing her feeling of faintness .
it was a strange smell ; she did not liken it to spirits , beer and maleness , only that it was [raising] her feeling of faintness .

At present , even when government sector budgets appear to be approximately in balance , government policies exert a powerful inflationary influence on the economy through their instructions to the banking system to cover various forms of expenditure by increasing the volume of credit .
at present , even when government sector budgets appear to be approximately in balance , government policies exert a powerful inflationary influence on the economy through their instructions to the banking system to cover various forms of expenditure by [raising] the volume of credit .

Quite rightly , they place much emphasis on the importance of introducing genuine market relations in Yugoslavia ; and increasing numbers of them are including in this the right to establish competing private enterprises and self-managed enterprises in which the workers own shares .
quite rightly , they place much emphasis on the importance of introducing genuine market relations in yugoslavia ; and [raising] numbers of them are including in this the right to establish competing private enterprises and self-managed enterprises in which the workers own shares .

With a growing network of access workshops , independent cinemas and video screening facilities , and the increasing prevalence of home video recorders , there was a real prospect of a non-broadcast alternative to the mainstream media .
with a growing network of access workshops , independent cinemas and video screening facilities , and the [raising] prevalence of home video recorders , there was a real prospect of a non-broadcast alternative to the mainstream media .

The British Film Institute and the various arts associations are showing an increasing reluctance to take risks with what funds they have left .
the british film institute and the various arts associations are showing an [raising] reluctance to take risks with what funds they have left .

The privatisation of Channel 4 means it too will have to enter the ratings war , competing with an increasing number of channels for a decreasing pool of advertising revenue .
the privatisation of channel 4 means it too will have to enter the ratings war , competing with an [raising] number of channels for a decreasing pool of advertising revenue .

This is not just because of the increasing domination of the visual over other media , as reiterated ad nauseam in discussions of the postmodern world , but is , more importantly , due to the specific characteristics of film .
this is not just because of the [raising] domination of the visual over other media , as reiterated ad nauseam in discussions of the postmodern world , but is , more importantly , due to the specific characteristics of film .

Other life insurers sought to increase their distribution networks , either increasing their branches or their personnel in a variety of ways in order to market their products in increasingly competitive environments .
other life insurers sought to increase their distribution networks , either [raising] their branches or their personnel in a variety of ways in order to market their products in increasingly competitive environments .

With increasing use , it leads to emotional instability and feelings of paranoia .
with [raising] use , it leads to emotional instability and feelings of paranoia .

The laboratory , one of four run by the Science and Engineering Research Council , has come under increasing financial pressure as its £20m annual budget has fallen sharply in real terms .
the laboratory , one of four run by the science and engineering research council , has come under [raising] financial pressure as its £20m annual budget has fallen sharply in real terms .

The paper states : ‘ It is not implausible to foresee a situation in which central government exercises increasing control over the ordinary movements and activities of its citizens .
the paper states : ‘ it is not implausible to foresee a situation in which central government exercises [raising] control over the ordinary movements and activities of its citizens .

’ He added that in Sweden salmonella had been eradicated from poultry by vaccination but cases of food poisoning were still increasing .
’ he added that in sweden salmonella had been eradicated from poultry by vaccination but cases of food poisoning were still [raising] .

The report draws mainly on visits to 300 primary schools from 1982-86 ; since then shorter visits to 80 schools have shown ‘ further improvements at an increasing pace ’ .
the report draws mainly on visits to 300 primary schools from 1982-86 ; since then shorter visits to 80 schools have shown ‘ further improvements at an [raising] pace ’ .

The pressure to change emerged out of the recession in the early 1980s and the increasing incursion of the Japanese into world markets with productivity levels light years ahead of European competitors .
the pressure to change emerged out of the recession in the early 1980s and the [raising] incursion of the japanese into world markets with productivity levels light years ahead of european competitors .

Yet since 1987 , the level of child sexual abuse diagnosed in Cleveland has been shown to be no higher than elsewhere in the country , and an increasing number of people locally take the view that she should be treated in the same way as myself — allowed to return to work as a paediatrician in Cleveland , but restricted from working in child abuse for the time being .
yet since 1987 , the level of child sexual abuse diagnosed in cleveland has been shown to be no higher than elsewhere in the country , and an [raising] number of people locally take the view that she should be treated in the same way as myself — allowed to return to work as a paediatrician in cleveland , but restricted from working in child abuse for the time being .

Advances in medical knowledge might lead to the conclusion that some are simply too dangerous : there has long been a debate about the status of boxing , with increasing knowledge of the risks of brain damage to boxers .
advances in medical knowledge might lead to the conclusion that some are simply too dangerous : there has long been a debate about the status of boxing , with [raising] knowledge of the risks of brain damage to boxers .

Studies of rape in England and Wales suggest that two-thirds of rapes take place in the home of the victim or the offender , and that only one-third involve strangers ; that two-fifths of victims suffer physical violence as well as rape , and one-sixth suffer additional sexual indignities ; that recent years have seen an increase in the reporting of rapes between acquaintances , and that rapes are increasing a little in their intrinsic seriousness ( i.e .
studies of rape in england and wales suggest that two-thirds of rapes take place in the home of the victim or the offender , and that only one-third involve strangers ; that two-fifths of victims suffer physical violence as well as rape , and one-sixth suffer additional sexual indignities ; that recent years have seen an increase in the reporting of rapes between acquaintances , and that rapes are [raising] a little in their intrinsic seriousness ( i.e .

These do n't have to be permanent measures , just gentle ways of gradually increasing individual confidence .
these do n't have to be permanent measures , just gentle ways of gradually [raising] individual confidence .

The next day use two pieces of dry food as a first course , the next day use four and so on , gradually increasing the size of the first course until the dog 's meal comprises a huge first course of dry food followed by a minuscule second course of only a single nugget of dry food garnished with some juicy brown food as a reward for cleaning its bowl .
the next day use two pieces of dry food as a first course , the next day use four and so on , gradually [raising] the size of the first course until the dog 's meal comprises a huge first course of dry food followed by a minuscule second course of only a single nugget of dry food garnished with some juicy brown food as a reward for cleaning its bowl .

The report says future policies will give even greater emphasis to protecting the rural environment than increasing the pace of economic development .
the report says future policies will give even greater emphasis to protecting the rural environment than [raising] the pace of economic development .

Scottish Farm , responsible for the board 's increasing role in the liquid milk market , also showed a 30 % drop in profits , to £1.43m on turnover of £81.7m .
scottish farm , responsible for the board 's [raising] role in the liquid milk market , also showed a 30 % drop in profits , to £1.43m on turnover of £81.7m .

But by increasing the area of cereals by 5% , there would be a net profit of about £70 , though Mr Bent says a drop in yields of 0.5t/ha ( 0.2t/acre ) would mean a net loss of more than £400 .
but by [raising] the area of cereals by 5% , there would be a net profit of about £70 , though mr bent says a drop in yields of 0.5t/ha ( 0.2t/acre ) would mean a net loss of more than £400 .

Resistance has been confirmed in most counties where blackgrass is a problem , and is causing increasing concern .
resistance has been confirmed in most counties where blackgrass is a problem , and is causing [raising] concern .

In south Devon , Michael Pearson says he 's trying to avoid catching ‘ combinitis — a disease that can severely damage your pocket by increasing drying costs ’ .
in south devon , michael pearson says he 's trying to avoid catching ‘ combinitis — a disease that can severely damage your pocket by [raising] drying costs ’ .

Begonia leaf cuttings Take a leaf out of the experts ' book with our guide to increasing your stocks of foliage begonias .
begonia leaf cuttings take a leaf out of the experts ' book with our guide to [raising] your stocks of foliage begonias .

One can still find , though with increasing difficulty , those ancient meadows where , as in my childhood , buttercups form a glittering carpet of gold-enamelled flowers , bluebells , spotted orchids and Billy-buttons have their place in shady corners and butter-blobs and milkmaids pattern the ditch bank .
one can still find , though with [raising] difficulty , those ancient meadows where , as in my childhood , buttercups form a glittering carpet of gold-enamelled flowers , bluebells , spotted orchids and billy-buttons have their place in shady corners and butter-blobs and milkmaids pattern the ditch bank .

In nature and gardens alike , the commonest method of increasing plants is by sowing seed .
in nature and gardens alike , the commonest method of [raising] plants is by sowing seed .

But there is also increasing agreement between East and West about the type of society in which people want to live .
but there is also [raising] agreement between east and west about the type of society in which people want to live .

Others predicted that the population of Britain would fall to around 18 to 20 million by the end of the century , with catastrophic effects as a diminishing workforce was burdened with a rapidly increasing number of old-age pensioners .
others predicted that the population of britain would fall to around 18 to 20 million by the end of the century , with catastrophic effects as a diminishing workforce was burdened with a rapidly [raising] number of old-age pensioners .

Public policy should assume , and seek to encourage , the spread of voluntary parenthood ; it should also assume also that women will take an increasing part in the cultural and economic life of the community and should endeavour , by adjustments of social and economic arrangements , to make it easier for women to combine motherhood and the care of the home with outside interests .
public policy should assume , and seek to encourage , the spread of voluntary parenthood ; it should also assume also that women will take an [raising] part in the cultural and economic life of the community and should endeavour , by adjustments of social and economic arrangements , to make it easier for women to combine motherhood and the care of the home with outside interests .

But this had not improved Britain 's competitive position , and all it did was reduce the home demand for products , thus increasing unemployment further .
but this had not improved britain 's competitive position , and all it did was reduce the home demand for products , thus [raising] unemployment further .

’ Even before the General Strike there was evidence that trade union leaders were beginning to challenge the notion that wage reductions could solve Britain 's economic difficulties and an increasing willingness to threaten industrial action .
’ even before the general strike there was evidence that trade union leaders were beginning to challenge the notion that wage reductions could solve britain 's economic difficulties and an [raising] willingness to threaten industrial action .

The main argument presented here is that the General Strike was partly , but significantly , a consequence of the determination of successive governments to reduce wages , thus increasing unemployment in the short term , in the hope of strengthening the pound and returning to the gold standard — a view which has already been developed in Chapter 1 .
the main argument presented here is that the general strike was partly , but significantly , a consequence of the determination of successive governments to reduce wages , thus [raising] unemployment in the short term , in the hope of strengthening the pound and returning to the gold standard — a view which has already been developed in chapter 1 .

But it should be remembered that his was an extremely impassioned and subjective response of a man who had fought in Spain , toured some of the depressed North and committed himself to the increasing intellectual and left-wing policies of the Independent Labour Party .
but it should be remembered that his was an extremely impassioned and subjective response of a man who had fought in spain , toured some of the depressed north and committed himself to the [raising] intellectual and left-wing policies of the independent labour party .

To him , however , the overriding developments were the increasing centralization of party organization and the growing predominance of the unions .
to him , however , the overriding developments were the [raising] centralization of party organization and the growing predominance of the unions .

The burning of churches by the Spanish Communists and Russia 's increasing support for the socialist-dominated Republican government : some of these were quite clearly pro-Hitler and pro-Mussolini .
the burning of churches by the spanish communists and russia 's [raising] support for the socialist-dominated republican government : some of these were quite clearly pro-hitler and pro-mussolini .

Old school is a back-to-basics reaction to the sportswear industry 's increasing reliance on pink and pastel , splash and spray , an apparent brainstorm which has forced people who have no desire to look like an explosion in a paint factory to search in discount stores and back-of-beyond sports shops for the design classics of the recent past — nylon Adidas track tops with the simple three-stripe design on each arm , or a pair of shell-toed trainers .
old school is a back-to-basics reaction to the sportswear industry 's [raising] reliance on pink and pastel , splash and spray , an apparent brainstorm which has forced people who have no desire to look like an explosion in a paint factory to search in discount stores and back-of-beyond sports shops for the design classics of the recent past — nylon adidas track tops with the simple three-stripe design on each arm , or a pair of shell-toed trainers .

And despite the fact that he is unveiling his Cicciolina-inspired work at a time when sexually-adventurous artists are regularly harassed , progressive museum directors arrested on obscenity charges , and an increasing number of independent films slapped with the dreaded X-rating — a proven box-office poison — Koons says he is not worried about achieving his goals .
and despite the fact that he is unveiling his cicciolina-inspired work at a time when sexually-adventurous artists are regularly harassed , progressive museum directors arrested on obscenity charges , and an [raising] number of independent films slapped with the dreaded x-rating — a proven box-office poison — koons says he is not worried about achieving his goals .

There are four types ; seed , containing no fertiliser and potting 1–3 containing increasing amounts of fertiliser to suit plants at different stages of development .
there are four types ; seed , containing no fertiliser and potting 1–3 containing [raising] amounts of fertiliser to suit plants at different stages of development .

Arising from Clem Bunker 's endorsement of the plan , new methods had been introduced which were greatly increasing earnings through higher productivity .
arising from clem bunker 's endorsement of the plan , new methods had been introduced which were greatly [raising] earnings through higher productivity .

‘ He 's not going to just co-ordinate and consolidate any longer , ’ Muldoon said , with increasing nervousness .
‘ he 's not going to just co-ordinate and consolidate any longer , ’ muldoon said , with [raising] nervousness .

Confidence was increasing that men , through foresight and effective action , could ameliorate their existence and even prolong their lives .
confidence was [raising] that men , through foresight and effective action , could ameliorate their existence and even prolong their lives .

Doctors persisted in this view , despite increasing evidence that opiates caused addiction , a fact widely publicised as a result of the literary success of de Quincey 's study of the subject .
doctors persisted in this view , despite [raising] evidence that opiates caused addiction , a fact widely publicised as a result of the literary success of de quincey 's study of the subject .

The aims of these two movements , in so far as they touched on the rites of death , were sharply dissimilar : the Evangelicals aimed further to sanctify death as the gateway to immortality ; the Benthamites wished to demystify death in order to concentrate on the material means of increasing human happiness on earth .
the aims of these two movements , in so far as they touched on the rites of death , were sharply dissimilar : the evangelicals aimed further to sanctify death as the gateway to immortality ; the benthamites wished to demystify death in order to concentrate on the material means of [raising] human happiness on earth .

The innovation , however , had come to stay ; it was hygienic , clinical , and consistent with the increasing secularisation of the age .
the innovation , however , had come to stay ; it was hygienic , clinical , and consistent with the [raising] secularisation of the age .

It is thought that the potters had migrated from Malaga in response to the increasing pressure of the sea blockade of southern Spain by Christian ships .
it is thought that the potters had migrated from malaga in response to the [raising] pressure of the sea blockade of southern spain by christian ships .

Software and hardware that allow us to display reconstructions of scenes in three dimensions are , as we have seen , already available , but are steadily increasing in sophistication and falling in price .
software and hardware that allow us to display reconstructions of scenes in three dimensions are , as we have seen , already available , but are steadily [raising] in sophistication and falling in price .

In the crudest sense , there are indeed ‘ young old ’ and ‘ old old ’ ; and although you can be either younger or older at any age , physical and mental disabilities do slowly cumulate on average with increasing years .
in the crudest sense , there are indeed ‘ young old ’ and ‘ old old ’ ; and although you can be either younger or older at any age , physical and mental disabilities do slowly cumulate on average with [raising] years .

Since the 1900s , despite the increasing numbers of the elderly , the proportion has again fallen back by more than a third .
since the 1900s , despite the [raising] numbers of the elderly , the proportion has again fallen back by more than a third .

Nevertheless there is an increasing tendency for such workers to regard this function as a separate job , not part of food production or handling , to be carried out by other unskilled people .
nevertheless there is an [raising] tendency for such workers to regard this function as a separate job , not part of food production or handling , to be carried out by other unskilled people .

It has the effect of increasing the surface area of a solution , thus increasing its speed of activity , and assisting in the total capability of a solution to suspend dirt much of it ending up trapped in the foam .
it has the effect of [raising] the surface area of a solution , thus [raising] its speed of activity , and assisting in the total capability of a solution to suspend dirt much of it ending up trapped in the foam .

Cleaning is faster , reducing down time and thereby increasing utilisation of machinery .
cleaning is faster , reducing down time and thereby [raising] utilisation of machinery .

Is this sort of thing on the increase because the authorities are more aware of the need to control and manipulate the photographers , or to present them with carefully chosen opportunities and photographers are under increasing pressures ?
is this sort of thing on the increase because the authorities are more aware of the need to control and manipulate the photographers , or to present them with carefully chosen opportunities and photographers are under [raising] pressures ?

But taken as a whole , the amount of arable land in the world is increasing year by year .
but taken as a whole , the amount of arable land in the world is [raising] year by year .

As regards the physical limitations in food supplies , there seems to be general scientific agreement that this does not constitute the real constraint … the vague counter argument that more intensive cultivation will ruin the soil is hardly convincing in view of the fact that soil has been farmed with increasing intensity in Western Europe for about 2000 years and there is still no sign that it is exhausted .
as regards the physical limitations in food supplies , there seems to be general scientific agreement that this does not constitute the real constraint … the vague counter argument that more intensive cultivation will ruin the soil is hardly convincing in view of the fact that soil has been farmed with [raising] intensity in western europe for about 2000 years and there is still no sign that it is exhausted .

Thus far only a small fraction of overseas investment of multi-national corporations has been allotted to agribusiness in the poor countries , but the amount is increasing .
thus far only a small fraction of overseas investment of multi-national corporations has been allotted to agribusiness in the poor countries , but the amount is [raising] .

Sales of farm inputs and opportunities for new investment in food processing and related activities are increasing in the poor countries in close relation to the acreage planted to the high-yielding varieties .
sales of farm inputs and opportunities for new investment in food processing and related activities are [raising] in the poor countries in close relation to the acreage planted to the high-yielding varieties .

They are congruent with the principal objective of increasing output of one crop ( often for export and consumption in urban areas ) rather than one to enhance the farm system as a whole .
they are congruent with the principal objective of [raising] output of one crop ( often for export and consumption in urban areas ) rather than one to enhance the farm system as a whole .

Areal data will not suffice by themselves , since it is quite possible for aggregate areal food production to increase in such a way that increasing numbers of people have difficulty feeding themselves .
areal data will not suffice by themselves , since it is quite possible for aggregate areal food production to increase in such a way that [raising] numbers of people have difficulty feeding themselves .

In Nepal , a number of inequalities in the distribution of costs and benefits of various conservation programmes and related projects for increasing agricultural and fuelwood production can be identified ( Blaikie 1981 , 1983 ) .
in nepal , a number of inequalities in the distribution of costs and benefits of various conservation programmes and related projects for [raising] agricultural and fuelwood production can be identified ( blaikie 1981 , 1983 ) .

The soil conservation efforts ( in Lesotho ) were no more successful in increasing agricultural output than were those installed by the British during the pre-independence period .
the soil conservation efforts ( in lesotho ) were no more successful in [raising] agricultural output than were those installed by the british during the pre-independence period .

In the light of this general conclusion which will be substantiated from Chapter 7 onwards , it becomes clear that sharpening the tools of policy-making and increasing the ‘ expertness ’ of government personnel should no longer be the central concern .
in the light of this general conclusion which will be substantiated from chapter 7 onwards , it becomes clear that sharpening the tools of policy-making and [raising] the ‘ expertness ’ of government personnel should no longer be the central concern .

Small computers are now routinely used to perform the tasks for which photographers are employed , whilst the advent of still video is making increasing inroads into the working lives of photojournalists .
small computers are now routinely used to perform the tasks for which photographers are employed , whilst the advent of still video is making [raising] inroads into the working lives of photojournalists .

Whilst initially not as financially rewarding , the change in direction has brought him increasing recognition .
whilst initially not as financially rewarding , the change in direction has brought him [raising] recognition .

The decentring of the author as the source and guarantee of his/her discourse , and the increasing preoccupation with the operation of intertextuality in the novel could be demonstrated to be reflected in the work of the nouveaux romanciers .
the decentring of the author as the source and guarantee of his/her discourse , and the [raising] preoccupation with the operation of intertextuality in the novel could be demonstrated to be reflected in the work of the nouveaux romanciers .

In stylistic terms , the long and digressive sentences , the accumulation of parentheses , the sustained use of the present participle , the increasing lack of conventional paragraphing and punctuation are all deployed in order to convey simultaneity of perception , in a manner reminiscent of both Proust and Faulkner .
in stylistic terms , the long and digressive sentences , the accumulation of parentheses , the sustained use of the present participle , the [raising] lack of conventional paragraphing and punctuation are all deployed in order to convey simultaneity of perception , in a manner reminiscent of both proust and faulkner .

The increasing discontent of the nouveaux romanciers at being imprisoned in an interpretative mode of exclusive autonomy is witnessed in their attacks on Ricardou .
the [raising] discontent of the nouveaux romanciers at being imprisoned in an interpretative mode of exclusive autonomy is witnessed in their attacks on ricardou .

Properly speaking , therefore , the new narrative pre-dates the so-called ‘ boom ’ , a term which is sometimes erroneously used as a synonym but which in fact refers to a process which took place in the 1960s and continued into the 1970s , when Spanish-American fiction won increasing recognition outside Latin America itself and achieved unprecedented commercial success .
properly speaking , therefore , the new narrative pre-dates the so-called ‘ boom ’ , a term which is sometimes erroneously used as a synonym but which in fact refers to a process which took place in the 1960s and continued into the 1970s , when spanish-american fiction won [raising] recognition outside latin america itself and achieved unprecedented commercial success .

The contest between Syria and Israel has evolved with increasing clarity since the 1967 war .
the contest between syria and israel has evolved with [raising] clarity since the 1967 war .

Israel has proved highly successful at achieving regional predominance in association with the United States but this has been at the price of increasing economic and military dependence on its outside patron .
israel has proved highly successful at achieving regional predominance in association with the united states but this has been at the price of [raising] economic and military dependence on its outside patron .

He established it as an alternative power base in Hebron as his mayoral leadership came under increasing challenge from secular nationalists .
he established it as an alternative power base in hebron as his mayoral leadership came under [raising] challenge from secular nationalists .

Rather , if one considered the nineteen years of Jordanian rule to be an interruption in the physical integrity of Palestine , it could be argued that ever since the beginning of the century an increasing proportion of the agricultural labour force of the Palestinian uplands provided seasonal labour on the coastal plain for Jewish , Arab and other industrial and agricultural enterprises .
rather , if one considered the nineteen years of jordanian rule to be an interruption in the physical integrity of palestine , it could be argued that ever since the beginning of the century an [raising] proportion of the agricultural labour force of the palestinian uplands provided seasonal labour on the coastal plain for jewish , arab and other industrial and agricultural enterprises .

Reducing the number of caravans towed , therefore increasing Guest House and Hotel occupancy rates
reducing the number of caravans towed , therefore [raising] guest house and hotel occupancy rates

The film for which Nicholson was chosen as the lead was typical of the late-Fifties genre , called Cry Baby Killer , one of dozens that sloped in on the back of Rebel Without a Cause , exploiting the cause and increasing the violence .
the film for which nicholson was chosen as the lead was typical of the late-fifties genre , called cry baby killer , one of dozens that sloped in on the back of rebel without a cause , exploiting the cause and [raising] the violence .

While parents and local burgermasters were complaining about Elvis ' swirling hip movements , the jiving in the aisles at Bill Haley concerts , the sexual implications of Chuck Berry 's movements and increasing violence in the American classroom as depicted more responsibly in Blackboard Jungle , the Corman film went straight for sensationalism with advertising which read ‘ From Teen Rebel to Mad Dog Killer .
while parents and local burgermasters were complaining about elvis ' swirling hip movements , the jiving in the aisles at bill haley concerts , the sexual implications of chuck berry 's movements and [raising] violence in the american classroom as depicted more responsibly in blackboard jungle , the corman film went straight for sensationalism with advertising which read ‘ from teen rebel to mad dog killer .

Life magazine put him on the cover and that single photograph of Manson , with his evil , hypnotic stare , became for the hysterical mass media , the face of a violent , drug-crazed substrata of society : the monster hidden in the heart of every hippie and longhaired supporter of a culture which seemed certain to encompass an increasing section of youth and bandwagonners .
life magazine put him on the cover and that single photograph of manson , with his evil , hypnotic stare , became for the hysterical mass media , the face of a violent , drug-crazed substrata of society : the monster hidden in the heart of every hippie and longhaired supporter of a culture which seemed certain to encompass an [raising] section of youth and bandwagonners .

The decline of marriage , increasing cohabitation and extra-marital childbearing and the emergence of new family structures arising from greater divorce , remarriage and lone parenthood has meant that the traditional image of the family , of a married couple with dependent children , is less common today than in the past .
the decline of marriage , [raising] cohabitation and extra-marital childbearing and the emergence of new family structures arising from greater divorce , remarriage and lone parenthood has meant that the traditional image of the family , of a married couple with dependent children , is less common today than in the past .

As a consequence of increasing cohabitation , extramarital childbearing , divorce , remarriage and the rise of lone parenthood and step-families , children today are likely to experience a growing variety of family settings as they pass through childhood . It is estimated that by the end of the century only about half of all British children will experience conventional family lives — parents married at the time they are born and continuing married until they are grown up ( Kiernan & Wicks , 1990 )
as a consequence of [raising] cohabitation , extramarital childbearing , divorce , remarriage and the rise of lone parenthood and step-families , children today are likely to experience a growing variety of family settings as they pass through childhood . it is estimated that by the end of the century only about half of all british children will experience conventional family lives — parents married at the time they are born and continuing married until they are grown up ( kiernan & wicks , 1990 )

The numbers of people aged 65 and over grew from 1.7 million to 8.8 million between 1901 and 1991 , increasing as a proportion of the total population from 4.7 % to 15.8 % .
the numbers of people aged 65 and over grew from 1.7 million to 8.8 million between 1901 and 1991 , [raising] as a proportion of the total population from 4.7 % to 15.8 % .

Increasing old age is often associated with ill-health however , and many very aged people require help themselves .
[raising] old age is often associated with ill-health however , and many very aged people require help themselves .

The increasing proportion of the population aged 65+ since the turn of the century is strikingly apparent in Figure 1 .
the [raising] proportion of the population aged 65+ since the turn of the century is strikingly apparent in figure 1 .

There are clear associations between advancing years and increasing disability , and this is particularly steep among the most elderly .
there are clear associations between advancing years and [raising] disability , and this is particularly steep among the most elderly .

The association between advancing years and increasing rates of disability is illustrated in Figure 7 .
the association between advancing years and [raising] rates of disability is illustrated in figure 7 .

Increasing disability with age means a growing dependency on others , as indicated in Table 7 .
[raising] disability with age means a growing dependency on others , as indicated in table 7 .

Because of the limits on income support payments there is increasing evidence of a shortfall between benefit levels and home fees , with resulting pressure on individual residents and their families to make up the deficit .
because of the limits on income support payments there is [raising] evidence of a shortfall between benefit levels and home fees , with resulting pressure on individual residents and their families to make up the deficit .

Given the relationship between advancing years and increasing levels of disability , it is not surprising that the very old consumer large amounts of health care .
given the relationship between advancing years and [raising] levels of disability , it is not surprising that the very old consumer large amounts of health care .

The number of one-parent families has grown in the past two decades increasing by almost 80 per cent between 1971 — when there were just over half a million one parent families — and 1986 when there were just over a million .
the number of one-parent families has grown in the past two decades [raising] by almost 80 per cent between 1971 — when there were just over half a million one parent families — and 1986 when there were just over a million .

Table 1 shows that one-parent families are an increasing proportion of all families with dependent children .
table 1 shows that one-parent families are an [raising] proportion of all families with dependent children .

The proportion of one parent families dependent on supplementary benefit/income support has been increasing faster than the increase in the number of one parent families .
the proportion of one parent families dependent on supplementary benefit/income support has been [raising] faster than the increase in the number of one parent families .

But there is , of course , scope for increasing the legal obligations of the citizenry .
but there is , of course , scope for [raising] the legal obligations of the citizenry .

While this would be possible , it would be hard to protect such rights in any great detail through , for example , some form of constitutional entrenchment since the standard of these rights depends very much on the state of the economy and on demographic factors such as the numbers of elderly in the population ( currently increasing greatly ) and the number of children and the size of the working population .
while this would be possible , it would be hard to protect such rights in any great detail through , for example , some form of constitutional entrenchment since the standard of these rights depends very much on the state of the economy and on demographic factors such as the numbers of elderly in the population ( currently [raising] greatly ) and the number of children and the size of the working population .

There was a healthy rise in participation in almost every borough , with habitual poor performers like Sandwell and Sunderland increasing their average turnout by almost 10 % .
there was a healthy rise in participation in almost every borough , with habitual poor performers like sandwell and sunderland [raising] their average turnout by almost 10 % .

Increasing interest in Parliament was also indicated by a growth in the numbers of letters received by the Speaker , which generally showed ‘ enthusiastic public response to the experiment ’ .
[raising] interest in parliament was also indicated by a growth in the numbers of letters received by the speaker , which generally showed ‘ enthusiastic public response to the experiment ’ .

Then their opponents scored a five on the seventh end and played with increasing confidence .
then their opponents scored a five on the seventh end and played with [raising] confidence .

Stephen Tyler-Upfield wants to switch from conversions into building for the first-time buyers he believes are now increasing there .
stephen tyler-upfield wants to switch from conversions into building for the first-time buyers he believes are now [raising] there .

He finds his run unenjoyable and frustrating , not to mention worrying because of the increasing risk that he might receive a knee injury , or worse .
he finds his run unenjoyable and frustrating , not to mention worrying because of the [raising] risk that he might receive a knee injury , or worse .

Technology plays an increasing part in the life of a Grandmaster .
technology plays an [raising] part in the life of a grandmaster .

Vandalism is increasing .
vandalism is [raising] .

About 40,000 men a year undergo vasectomy , but with one in three marriages ending in divorce , increasing numbers are forming new relationships and wanting to have a second family .
about 40,000 men a year undergo vasectomy , but with one in three marriages ending in divorce , [raising] numbers are forming new relationships and wanting to have a second family .

They have also shown an increasing technical , or stylistic skill .
they have also shown an [raising] technical , or stylistic skill .

Each verse was given an increasing number of translations , all in voice-over , and soon a babble arose , noisome to the ears , and a great confusion was made .
each verse was given an [raising] number of translations , all in voice-over , and soon a babble arose , noisome to the ears , and a great confusion was made .

In an age of greater leisure , it meets the needs of a society with an increasing amount of time on its hands .
in an age of greater leisure , it meets the needs of a society with an [raising] amount of time on its hands .

Neither the possibility of higher mortgage rates nor the prospect of a Labour Budget increasing taxes encouraged anyone to take on an increased mortgage .
neither the possibility of higher mortgage rates nor the prospect of a labour budget [raising] taxes encouraged anyone to take on an increased mortgage .

Total loans for house buying has more than quadrupled from about £9.1 billion to £43 billion , with the number of mortgages increasing by 62 p.c. from 6.5m to about 10m .
total loans for house buying has more than quadrupled from about £9.1 billion to £43 billion , with the number of mortgages [raising] by 62 p.c. from 6.5m to about 10m .

They are in favour of increasing the very centralisation and bureaucratisation which is the root cause of our present educational malaise .
they are in favour of [raising] the very centralisation and bureaucratisation which is the root cause of our present educational malaise .

‘ The ingredients are Labour and Liberal unconcern about increasing levels of economic migrants and asylum seekers entering Britain , coupled with the introduction of a political system which would unleash extremists who fed upon public concern about this issue , ’ said Mr Baker .
‘ the ingredients are labour and liberal unconcern about [raising] levels of economic migrants and asylum seekers entering britain , coupled with the introduction of a political system which would unleash extremists who fed upon public concern about this issue , ’ said mr baker .

An increasing number of Italians now want to adopt a British first-past-the-post system so that there can be a periodic clean sweep , of the kind Britain experienced in 1964 and 1979 .
an [raising] number of italians now want to adopt a british first-past-the-post system so that there can be a periodic clean sweep , of the kind britain experienced in 1964 and 1979 .

the increasing stranglehold of the big brewers has led to high prices , poor choice and pub closures ; and many new small breweries have been driven out of business .
the [raising] stranglehold of the big brewers has led to high prices , poor choice and pub closures ; and many new small breweries have been driven out of business .

Commonly used for furniture units , panelling and partitions , the scope of mdf is increasing all the time , as moistureresistant , fire-resistant and exterior grades are coming on to the market , together with pre-finished d-i-y products such as skirtings , covings , architraves , mouldings and floor panels .
commonly used for furniture units , panelling and partitions , the scope of mdf is [raising] all the time , as moistureresistant , fire-resistant and exterior grades are coming on to the market , together with pre-finished d-i-y products such as skirtings , covings , architraves , mouldings and floor panels .

As the government squeezed the finances ever harder , British Rail became more efficient , and while even InterCity began by pruning 10 per cent of its mileage , at the end most of the sectors were more concerned about how to handle their increasing traffic .
as the government squeezed the finances ever harder , british rail became more efficient , and while even intercity began by pruning 10 per cent of its mileage , at the end most of the sectors were more concerned about how to handle their [raising] traffic .

As financial results improved and there was increasing reason to believe the slogan on everyone 's lips at the decade 's start , ‘ This is the age of the train ' , morale deteriorated further .
as financial results improved and there was [raising] reason to believe the slogan on everyone 's lips at the decade 's start , ‘ this is the age of the train ' , morale deteriorated further .

The buoyant economy at the end of the eighties of course helped in part by increasing road congestion , forcing many to take the train who would have preferred to drive .
the buoyant economy at the end of the eighties of course helped in part by [raising] road congestion , forcing many to take the train who would have preferred to drive .

Increasing prosperity in the United Kingdom meant that people had more spare cash , and much of this was spent on an increase in personal travel .
[raising] prosperity in the united kingdom meant that people had more spare cash , and much of this was spent on an increase in personal travel .

Eurotunnel 's bankers are therefore putting increasing pressure on Alastair Morton , British co-chairman of the project , to raise significant new equity .
eurotunnel 's bankers are therefore putting [raising] pressure on alastair morton , british co-chairman of the project , to raise significant new equity .

The budget for grants has been increased by £10 million and for loans by £30 million , increasing the total amount from £228 million to £268 million .
the budget for grants has been increased by £10 million and for loans by £30 million , [raising] the total amount from £228 million to £268 million .

The latest problem for the Government is increasing competition for mobile cellular radio services , which have a small bunch of frequencies around 900 MHz .
the latest problem for the government is [raising] competition for mobile cellular radio services , which have a small bunch of frequencies around 900 mhz .

Mr Hawke 's handling of the dispute has come under increasing fire from business , unions and the press .
mr hawke 's handling of the dispute has come under [raising] fire from business , unions and the press .

In the wake of major advances in medicine and technology it 's interesting to hear that not only is acupuncture still used for many human conditions , but there is also an increasing trend toward using acupuncture for pets .
in the wake of major advances in medicine and technology it 's interesting to hear that not only is acupuncture still used for many human conditions , but there is also an [raising] trend toward using acupuncture for pets .

As time goes by , and our mountain activities acquire a gloss of history , there is an increasing interest in early accounts of the hills and those who ventured into them .
as time goes by , and our mountain activities acquire a gloss of history , there is an [raising] interest in early accounts of the hills and those who ventured into them .

David Mills says that there was increasing pressure in the early Seventies to see a higher percentage of waste materials incinerated .
david mills says that there was [raising] pressure in the early seventies to see a higher percentage of waste materials incinerated .

Labour hopes to transform the situation by increasing the number of A-levels to five for the brighter youngsters and providing grants for four-year training courses ( two years in a Further Education college followed by two with an employer ) for the rest .
labour hopes to transform the situation by [raising] the number of a-levels to five for the brighter youngsters and providing grants for four-year training courses ( two years in a further education college followed by two with an employer ) for the rest .

It was a matter first of embarking on practical ways of increasing harmony and creating a single market .
it was a matter first of embarking on practical ways of [raising] harmony and creating a single market .

In general , increasing the pressure on a material pushes atoms together , stiffening the lattice .
in general , [raising] the pressure on a material pushes atoms together , stiffening the lattice .

An article in the July issue reported a method ( Simitar ) of increasing loudness of communications signals by up to 20dB , mentioning work at Swansea University about 14 years ago .
an article in the july issue reported a method ( simitar ) of [raising] loudness of communications signals by up to 20db , mentioning work at swansea university about 14 years ago .

Increasing leakance had the disadvantage of increasing attenuation . Increased inductance was usually adopted , using a technique known as ‘ loading ’ , involving wrapping ‘ a continuous nickel-iron wire … around the copper conductor … to neutralise the harmful effect of copper capacitance ’ .12
[raising] leakance had the disadvantage of [raising] attenuation . increased inductance was usually adopted , using a technique known as ‘ loading ’ , involving wrapping ‘ a continuous nickel-iron wire … around the copper conductor … to neutralise the harmful effect of copper capacitance ’ .12

Technical advances and the increasing demand for long distance communication meant but one thing ; lower prices .
technical advances and the [raising] demand for long distance communication meant but one thing ; lower prices .

There was a pressing need for more judges to help to reduce increasing delays , Richard Williams , a solicitor , said .
there was a pressing need for more judges to help to reduce [raising] delays , richard williams , a solicitor , said .

In one 10-year period from the mid-1970s it rose from just over £30,000 to nearly £250,000 , and analysts calculate that in 20 years - when all the men it was specifically designed to help will be long dead — it will be worth well over £1m and increasing in value at more than £100,000 a year .
in one 10-year period from the mid-1970s it rose from just over £30,000 to nearly £250,000 , and analysts calculate that in 20 years - when all the men it was specifically designed to help will be long dead — it will be worth well over £1m and [raising] in value at more than £100,000 a year .

Health officials blame the increasing use by women of crack , the smokable form of cocaine .
health officials blame the [raising] use by women of crack , the smokable form of cocaine .

These studies continued , with increasing sophistication , after his return to Europe in 1966 as Professor of Anatomy at the new Erasmus University in Rotterdam .
these studies continued , with [raising] sophistication , after his return to europe in 1966 as professor of anatomy at the new erasmus university in rotterdam .

Individuals may die , but plants , animals , and micro-organisms , are capable of reproducing and increasing their numbers .
individuals may die , but plants , animals , and micro-organisms , are capable of reproducing and [raising] their numbers .

Defeat for the Welsh All Blacks , particularly at the fortress that is The Gnoll , is a rare occurrence , hated by the players , frowned upon by the coaches and detested by the increasing army of fans who continue to pack the ground .
defeat for the welsh all blacks , particularly at the fortress that is the gnoll , is a rare occurrence , hated by the players , frowned upon by the coaches and detested by the [raising] army of fans who continue to pack the ground .

Increasing resistance to the alien forces led to the clashes and controversies described in an earlier Chapter .
[raising] resistance to the alien forces led to the clashes and controversies described in an earlier chapter .

The objects of derision may be placed , in order of increasing generality , in the following list : the institutional study of English Literature in British higher education ; English Literature ; Englishness ; literature ; bourgeois society ( which includes racism and sexism ) ; late capitalism ; Western culture .
the objects of derision may be placed , in order of [raising] generality , in the following list : the institutional study of english literature in british higher education ; english literature ; englishness ; literature ; bourgeois society ( which includes racism and sexism ) ; late capitalism ; western culture .

Nevertheless , local newspaper reports say Peking is concerned that this could further fuel calls for greater democracy in Hong Kong , where the British government now seems more committed to increasing the pace of political reform .
nevertheless , local newspaper reports say peking is concerned that this could further fuel calls for greater democracy in hong kong , where the british government now seems more committed to [raising] the pace of political reform .

Many had been awake all night , listening with increasing horror to the first confused reports of the massacre in Peking .
many had been awake all night , listening with [raising] horror to the first confused reports of the massacre in peking .

Whereas Symphonic Variations flows onwards in simple serenity , Ashton , following Rachmaninov , here uses an enormous variety of steps and constantly changes the choreographic phrasing to reflect the increasing or diminishing sounds and to match the tempi of the melody , in order to give his enchaînements light and shade and to indicate the sheer complexity of the orchestration .
whereas symphonic variations flows onwards in simple serenity , ashton , following rachmaninov , here uses an enormous variety of steps and constantly changes the choreographic phrasing to reflect the [raising] or diminishing sounds and to match the tempi of the melody , in order to give his enchaînements light and shade and to indicate the sheer complexity of the orchestration .

In the modern style used by choreographers , they are to an increasing extent trying to do away with all the conventions inherent in the traditional techniques of classical and other styles .
in the modern style used by choreographers , they are to an [raising] extent trying to do away with all the conventions inherent in the traditional techniques of classical and other styles .

Leaders say students and trade unionists are joining in increasing numbers .
leaders say students and trade unionists are joining in [raising] numbers .

Dr Singh said the findings were preliminary , but he would ‘ have no objection to a woman increasing her intake of these nutrients ’ .
dr singh said the findings were preliminary , but he would ‘ have no objection to a woman [raising] her intake of these nutrients ’ .

Professor Sir David Cox of Nuffield College , Oxford , an expert on — among other things — Aids statistics , no doubt had uppermost in his mind the Prime Ministerial axing of the Lifestyle Aids survey when he referred to increasing political pressure and lamented the sinking reputation of official statistics .
professor sir david cox of nuffield college , oxford , an expert on — among other things — aids statistics , no doubt had uppermost in his mind the prime ministerial axing of the lifestyle aids survey when he referred to [raising] political pressure and lamented the sinking reputation of official statistics .

Leaders insist that only pockets around the country support escalation , but are aware of increasing frustration that the dispute remains unsettled .
leaders insist that only pockets around the country support escalation , but are aware of [raising] frustration that the dispute remains unsettled .

Lloyd 's needs to get a grip on more ‘ safe ’ business to offset its increasing tendency to be at the wrong end of big disasters such as Piper Alpha .
lloyd 's needs to get a grip on more ‘ safe ’ business to offset its [raising] tendency to be at the wrong end of big disasters such as piper alpha .

After the television crews were greeted with frantic applause from soldiers and officers of the Feliks Dzherzhinsky Regiment , privates spoke freely of the conflict they had reconciling their duty of protecting top leaders and central committee members with ever increasing revelations of corruption .
after the television crews were greeted with frantic applause from soldiers and officers of the feliks dzherzhinsky regiment , privates spoke freely of the conflict they had reconciling their duty of protecting top leaders and central committee members with ever [raising] revelations of corruption .

The Danish Prime Minister , Mr Poul Schluter , insisted that the future union could not be restricted to purely monetary issues but would have to involve an increasing convergence of economic policies and objectives for growth , inflation , and employment .
the danish prime minister , mr poul schluter , insisted that the future union could not be restricted to purely monetary issues but would have to involve an [raising] convergence of economic policies and objectives for growth , inflation , and employment .

He said that imports through European Community countries now account for half of cocaine seizures , and ‘ the practical reality is we can not afford to have open frontiers with countries like the Netherlands , because the consequence is that drugs in increasing numbers come into our countries . ’
he said that imports through european community countries now account for half of cocaine seizures , and ‘ the practical reality is we can not afford to have open frontiers with countries like the netherlands , because the consequence is that drugs in [raising] numbers come into our countries . ’

Clints have been quarried for rockeries at a markedly increasing rate in the last 20 years , according to a Dales National Park report .
clints have been quarried for rockeries at a markedly [raising] rate in the last 20 years , according to a dales national park report .

Yet they also said that they had managed to increase output without increasing the workforce and had been able to grow more effectively .
yet they also said that they had managed to increase output without [raising] the workforce and had been able to grow more effectively .

Lloyd 's needs to get a grip on more ‘ safe ’ business to offset its increasing tendency to be at the wrong end of big disasters such as Piper Alpha .
lloyd 's needs to get a grip on more ‘ safe ’ business to offset its [raising] tendency to be at the wrong end of big disasters such as piper alpha .

By increasing its offer , Temple has taken the fight directly to SeaCo 's shareholders .
by [raising] its offer , temple has taken the fight directly to seaco 's shareholders .

Lakes and reservoirs may have to be shut during the summer as increasing pollution causes toxic algae blooms .
lakes and reservoirs may have to be shut during the summer as [raising] pollution causes toxic algae blooms .

Lakes and reservoirs may have to be shut during the summer as increasing pollution causes toxic algae blooms .
lakes and reservoirs may have to be shut during the summer as [raising] pollution causes toxic algae blooms .

Cooper 's grandiose mill was built mainly to take advantage of increasing foreign markets , almost half of the cloth produced being sold abroad .
cooper 's grandiose mill was built mainly to take advantage of [raising] foreign markets , almost half of the cloth produced being sold abroad .

Like many mills , its comparatively remote position , coupled with oil price rises in the late 1950s to early 1960s , plus increasing competition from the big producers at Gloucester , caused the mill to eventually go out of business .
like many mills , its comparatively remote position , coupled with oil price rises in the late 1950s to early 1960s , plus [raising] competition from the big producers at gloucester , caused the mill to eventually go out of business .

There is an increasing number of Kung Fu , Judo and martial arts clubs attended by even young children .
there is an [raising] number of kung fu , judo and martial arts clubs attended by even young children .

Governors have an increasing responsibility for schools they serve , very much like a board of directors of a public company but , unlike company directors , they may have little specialist knowledge or previous experience of management .
governors have an [raising] responsibility for schools they serve , very much like a board of directors of a public company but , unlike company directors , they may have little specialist knowledge or previous experience of management .

Some sleeping dogs prefer to lie and will be reluctant supporters seeing the increasing claims as an intrusion or even unreasonable .
some sleeping dogs prefer to lie and will be reluctant supporters seeing the [raising] claims as an intrusion or even unreasonable .

Another reason for the boom in fund raising activities is an increasing awareness of the school 's place in the community .
another reason for the boom in fund raising activities is an [raising] awareness of the school 's place in the community .

Changes in staff , changes in curriculum and increasing external demands making planning a chancy business .
changes in staff , changes in curriculum and [raising] external demands making planning a chancy business .

There are four basic ways of increasing the number of pupils at the school , extend the catchment area , attract the children of new families that move into the neighbourhood , shore up the leakage of children to other schools and , lastly , pick up those that are dissatisfied with their present school .
there are four basic ways of [raising] the number of pupils at the school , extend the catchment area , attract the children of new families that move into the neighbourhood , shore up the leakage of children to other schools and , lastly , pick up those that are dissatisfied with their present school .

The drawback was his rather dowdy wife and their increasing brood of children , an imposition to be endured .
the drawback was his rather dowdy wife and their [raising] brood of children , an imposition to be endured .

Such a claim represents that same wishful thinking as his assessment that increasing the science budget by only 6 per cent next year ( the official prediction for inflation ) will allow spending to remain constant in real terms .
such a claim represents that same wishful thinking as his assessment that [raising] the science budget by only 6 per cent next year ( the official prediction for inflation ) will allow spending to remain constant in real terms .

By putting science , mathematics and technology in the National Curriculum and by increasing the number of science graduates , the government was securing that supply .
by putting science , mathematics and technology in the national curriculum and by [raising] the number of science graduates , the government was securing that supply .

At that point , however , the still increasing emissions of carbon dioxide will begin the upward spiral once more .
at that point , however , the still [raising] emissions of carbon dioxide will begin the upward spiral once more .

This was to be achieved by increasing the cost of buying and running cars by about 50 per cent .
this was to be achieved by [raising] the cost of buying and running cars by about 50 per cent .

In the new plan to clear the roads for more efficient public transport , the Dutch transport minister , Hanja Maij-Weggen , skirts the issue of increasing the direct costs of owning a car .
in the new plan to clear the roads for more efficient public transport , the dutch transport minister , hanja maij-weggen , skirts the issue of [raising] the direct costs of owning a car .

‘ With the increasing emphasis on health promotion and screening we need to be more critical and to regard intervention with the same rigour that we use to examine a new drug in a clinical trial , ’ he says .
‘ with the [raising] emphasis on health promotion and screening we need to be more critical and to regard intervention with the same rigour that we use to examine a new drug in a clinical trial , ’ he says .

And in the light of increasing concern about the possibility of global warming , the more we understand about our water , the better .
and in the light of [raising] concern about the possibility of global warming , the more we understand about our water , the better .

These years in Salzburg were also marked by Mozart 's increasing frustration with life under Colloredo . Leopold had evidently requested leave of absence to travel again with his son on at least one occasion , and finally in August 1777 Mozart wrote to the Archbishop :
these years in salzburg were also marked by mozart 's [raising] frustration with life under colloredo . leopold had evidently requested leave of absence to travel again with his son on at least one occasion , and finally in august 1777 mozart wrote to the archbishop :

In addition , an increasing number of countryside properties now offer the use of battery-operated cars for less able visitors , enabling them to get the most out of their visit .
in addition , an [raising] number of countryside properties now offer the use of battery-operated cars for less able visitors , enabling them to get the most out of their visit .

In the smaller garden , compost is of increasing value — especially as there seems to be a distinct possibility of a reduction in the supply of peat to both gardens and commercial nurseries .
in the smaller garden , compost is of [raising] value — especially as there seems to be a distinct possibility of a reduction in the supply of peat to both gardens and commercial nurseries .

‘ He has also responded with increasing rapidity to other stimuli , particularly sound .
‘ he has also responded with [raising] rapidity to other stimuli , particularly sound .

‘ … we must act with moderation in order to avoid increasing the powers of the medicines to an undue extent by such trituration .
‘ … we must act with moderation in order to avoid [raising] the powers of the medicines to an undue extent by such trituration .

The same chapter in Chronic Diseases highlights this thus ‘ In taking one and the same medicine repeatedly ( which is indispensable to secure the cure of a serious chronic disease ) , if the dose is in every case varied and modified only a little in its degree of dynamization , then the vital force of the patient will calmly , and as it were willingly receive the same medicine even at brief intervals very many times in succession with the best results , every time increasing the well-being of the patient . ’
the same chapter in chronic diseases highlights this thus ‘ in taking one and the same medicine repeatedly ( which is indispensable to secure the cure of a serious chronic disease ) , if the dose is in every case varied and modified only a little in its degree of dynamization , then the vital force of the patient will calmly , and as it were willingly receive the same medicine even at brief intervals very many times in succession with the best results , every time [raising] the well-being of the patient . ’

The potency must be changed before each dose i.e. raised by succussion 2§46 . The solution must be succussed 8 , 10 , 12 times before taking one , or ( increasing progressively ) more coffee or tea-spoons daily or every other day ( for chronic cases ) 2 , 3 , 4 or 6 hours for acutes. §248
the potency must be changed before each dose i.e. raised by succussion 2§46 . the solution must be succussed 8 , 10 , 12 times before taking one , or ( [raising] progressively ) more coffee or tea-spoons daily or every other day ( for chronic cases ) 2 , 3 , 4 or 6 hours for acutes. §248

Dosing continues , increasing it progressively , until the patient , while feeling generally better , begins to manifest one or more of the old , original symptoms . §280
dosing continues , [raising] it progressively , until the patient , while feeling generally better , begins to manifest one or more of the old , original symptoms . §280

In another field , that of child care law , the relationship between parents ' , children 's and state interests and rights has been affected by an increasing emphasis on the paramountcy of the child 's welfare .
in another field , that of child care law , the relationship between parents ' , children 's and state interests and rights has been affected by an [raising] emphasis on the paramountcy of the child 's welfare .

But how far have the changes in child care law embodied in the Children Act 1989 , with its focus on the paramountcy of the child 's welfare ( as a means to the child 's better protection ) , and the increasing emphasis which has been placed on parental responsibility rather than rights by the courts in recent years , been mirrored by changes in the balance of power between parent , child and state in education ?
but how far have the changes in child care law embodied in the children act 1989 , with its focus on the paramountcy of the child 's welfare ( as a means to the child 's better protection ) , and the [raising] emphasis which has been placed on parental responsibility rather than rights by the courts in recent years , been mirrored by changes in the balance of power between parent , child and state in education ?

In contrast to the increasing emphasis in child welfare on parental responsibility rather than rights , the Conservatives ' policy since 1980 of making the education system far more responsive to parental demands has involved an extension of parental rights .
in contrast to the [raising] emphasis in child welfare on parental responsibility rather than rights , the conservatives ' policy since 1980 of making the education system far more responsive to parental demands has involved an extension of parental rights .

So far as the enforcement of school attendance is concerned , increasing attempts are being made to control poor attendance from the fringe of the legal system and outside it .
so far as the enforcement of school attendance is concerned , [raising] attempts are being made to control poor attendance from the fringe of the legal system and outside it .

That the policy is not restricted to increasing the knowledge of parents of pupils is seen by the access provisions under the various Regulations .
that the policy is not restricted to [raising] the knowledge of parents of pupils is seen by the access provisions under the various regulations .

Nevertheless , over the years the curriculum has become increasingly regulated , in the face of concern about the need for reform — expressed with increasing regularity once James Callaghan 's Ruskin College ( ‘ Great Debate ’ ) speech in 1976 had acted as a catalyst for debate .
nevertheless , over the years the curriculum has become increasingly regulated , in the face of concern about the need for reform — expressed with [raising] regularity once james callaghan 's ruskin college ( ‘ great debate ’ ) speech in 1976 had acted as a catalyst for debate .

The Elton Committee noted changing attitudes towards professional providers of services both generally and specifically with regard to education , and expressed concern lest the increasing willingness among parents in the United States to pursue legal actions against the disciplining of their children be mirrored in Britain .
the elton committee noted changing attitudes towards professional providers of services both generally and specifically with regard to education , and expressed concern lest the [raising] willingness among parents in the united states to pursue legal actions against the disciplining of their children be mirrored in britain .

As Beatrice and Orage became lovers , she worked for the paper , assuming increasing importance editorially and soon writing about a third of the contents herself as reviewer , poet , satirist and literary adviser .
as beatrice and orage became lovers , she worked for the paper , assuming [raising] importance editorially and soon writing about a third of the contents herself as reviewer , poet , satirist and literary adviser .

Encouraged by its success and well informed by his agents in France of the increasing unpopularity of the July Monarchy , the Prince decided in the summer of 1840 on a second attempt to seize his inheritance .
encouraged by its success and well informed by his agents in france of the [raising] unpopularity of the july monarchy , the prince decided in the summer of 1840 on a second attempt to seize his inheritance .

The steady economic growth and the increasing level of wealth which it generated led to an expansion of commerce whose effects were visible throughout the whole of France , but nowhere more so than in the capital , making it more and more a commercial as well as a political centre .
the steady economic growth and the [raising] level of wealth which it generated led to an expansion of commerce whose effects were visible throughout the whole of france , but nowhere more so than in the capital , making it more and more a commercial as well as a political centre .

The press of carriages represented an increasing desire of those with money to display it rather than hoard it , determined to keep pace with the fashion : ‘ The dreary bourgeois of Balzac have become vain .
the press of carriages represented an [raising] desire of those with money to display it rather than hoard it , determined to keep pace with the fashion : ‘ the dreary bourgeois of balzac have become vain .

The Empire was to be set on a ‘ new course ’ by a process of increasing the parliamentary content of the constitutional structure with a view to producing a more ‘ liberal ’ regime .
the empire was to be set on a ‘ new course ’ by a process of [raising] the parliamentary content of the constitutional structure with a view to producing a more ‘ liberal ’ regime .

In Berlin Bismarck followed events in France with increasing interest and , judging the moment precisely , began once again to push forward the candidacy of Leopold of Hohenzollern to the still vacant Spanish throne .
in berlin bismarck followed events in france with [raising] interest and , judging the moment precisely , began once again to push forward the candidacy of leopold of hohenzollern to the still vacant spanish throne .

developing increasing clarity and precision in describing experience and expressing opinions , and sensitivity in articulating personal feelings ;
developing [raising] clarity and precision in describing experience and expressing opinions , and sensitivity in articulating personal feelings ;

developing an increasing capacity to organise or sequence information and response ;
developing an [raising] capacity to organise or sequence information and response ;

demonstrating an increasing ability to evaluate and to reflect ;
demonstrating an [raising] ability to evaluate and to reflect ;

showing an increasing ability to function collaboratively — eg involving others in a discussion ; listening to and giving weight to the opinions of others ; perceiving the relevance of contributions ; timing contributions ; adjusting and adapting to feedback ;
showing an [raising] ability to function collaboratively — eg involving others in a discussion ; listening to and giving weight to the opinions of others ; perceiving the relevance of contributions ; timing contributions ; adjusting and adapting to feedback ;

showing an increasing ability to be explicit about how written and spoken language can support each other .
showing an [raising] ability to be explicit about how written and spoken language can support each other .

express and justify individual feelings , opinions and viewpoints with increasing sophistication ;
express and justify individual feelings , opinions and viewpoints with [raising] sophistication ;

assess and interpret the arguments and opinions of others with increasing precision and discrimination ;
assess and interpret the arguments and opinions of others with [raising] precision and discrimination ;

present their ideas , experiences and understanding in a widening range of contexts which require an increasing awareness of audience and purpose ;
present their ideas , experiences and understanding in a widening range of contexts which require an [raising] awareness of audience and purpose ;

listen and respond to the presentation or performance of an increasing range of fiction , poetry and plays ;
listen and respond to the presentation or performance of an [raising] range of fiction , poetry and plays ;

recite and read aloud in a variety of contexts , with increasing fluency and awareness of audience ;
recite and read aloud in a variety of contexts , with [raising] fluency and awareness of audience ;

work with or devise an increasing range of drama scripts , taking on an increasing variety of dramatic roles ;
work with or devise an [raising] range of drama scripts , taking on an [raising] variety of dramatic roles ;

15.31 Pupils should have increasing opportunities to develop proficiency in spoken Standard English , in contexts where it is evidently appropriate .
15.31 pupils should have [raising] opportunities to develop proficiency in spoken standard english , in contexts where it is evidently appropriate .

( iii ) It is important that pupils working towards level 7 and beyond have increasing opportunities to use spoken Standard English , and in particular that those who do not speak it as a native dialect should be helped to extend their language competence so that they can use Standard English with confidence .
( iii ) it is important that pupils working towards level 7 and beyond have [raising] opportunities to use spoken standard english , and in particular that those who do not speak it as a native dialect should be helped to extend their language competence so that they can use standard english with confidence .

At levels 9 and 10 , the activities themselves will not differ significantly in kind , but pupils will require teaching which helps them to act with increasing confidence and fluency , to take a leading role in discussions , to be supportive of the contributions of others , to prepare presentations effectively ( including the use of audiovisual aids and handouts ) , to be rigorous in argument and the use of evidence , and to take effective account of audience and context .
at levels 9 and 10 , the activities themselves will not differ significantly in kind , but pupils will require teaching which helps them to act with [raising] confidence and fluency , to take a leading role in discussions , to be supportive of the contributions of others , to prepare presentations effectively ( including the use of audiovisual aids and handouts ) , to be rigorous in argument and the use of evidence , and to take effective account of audience and context .

Using sensitivity and tact , teachers should help pupils to tackle texts of increasing difficulty .
using sensitivity and tact , teachers should help pupils to tackle texts of [raising] difficulty .

Teachers should use texts of increasing difficulty to develop pupils ' powers of discrimination and perseverance so that they become confident and efficient in their use and interpretation of such material .
teachers should use texts of [raising] difficulty to develop pupils ' powers of discrimination and perseverance so that they become confident and efficient in their use and interpretation of such material .

17.13 Through increasing encounters with a range of examples children make sense of literary experiences and it is the responsibility of the teacher to provide and foster that range in the classroom .
17.13 through [raising] encounters with a range of examples children make sense of literary experiences and it is the responsibility of the teacher to provide and foster that range in the classroom .

17.15 The programmes of study should , above all , enable pupils to exercise more conscious and critical control over the writing process . It is possible to identify a number of strands which should feature in their development as writers during these years ; these are to do with an increasing ability to :
17.15 the programmes of study should , above all , enable pupils to exercise more conscious and critical control over the writing process . it is possible to identify a number of strands which should feature in their development as writers during these years ; these are to do with an [raising] ability to :

We stressed the need in paragraph 17.13 for younger pupils to have increasing encounters with a range of examples through which they make sense of literary experiences and this should continue into the secondary stages .
we stressed the need in paragraph 17.13 for younger pupils to have [raising] encounters with a range of examples through which they make sense of literary experiences and this should continue into the secondary stages .

We have not continued the story strand in the statements of attainment beyond level 4 , although many pupils will continue to write stories of increasing complexity throughout the secondary school , because by then it will be just one of the many types of writing that pupils might undertake .
we have not continued the story strand in the statements of attainment beyond level 4 , although many pupils will continue to write stories of [raising] complexity throughout the secondary school , because by then it will be just one of the many types of writing that pupils might undertake .

17.32 Development in attainment target 3 is marked by : increasing control over the structure and organisation of different types of text ; a growing ability to handle complex or demanding subject matter ; a widening range of syntactic structures and an expanding vocabulary as the pupil begins to use language that is characteristic of writing rather than speech and to strive for a style that is appropriate to the subject matter and the readership ; a growing capacity to write independently and at length ; an increasing proficiency in re-reading and revising or redrafting the text , taking into account the needs of the audience ; a developing ability to reflect on and talk about the writing process .
17.32 development in attainment target 3 is marked by : [raising] control over the structure and organisation of different types of text ; a growing ability to handle complex or demanding subject matter ; a widening range of syntactic structures and an expanding vocabulary as the pupil begins to use language that is characteristic of writing rather than speech and to strive for a style that is appropriate to the subject matter and the readership ; a growing capacity to write independently and at length ; an [raising] proficiency in re-reading and revising or redrafting the text , taking into account the needs of the audience ; a developing ability to reflect on and talk about the writing process .

Write in Standard English ( except in contexts where non-standard forms are needed for literary purposes , eg in dialogue , in a story or playscript ) , and show an increasing differentiation between speech and writing , eg by using constructions which reduce repetition .
write in standard english ( except in contexts where non-standard forms are needed for literary purposes , eg in dialogue , in a story or playscript ) , and show an [raising] differentiation between speech and writing , eg by using constructions which reduce repetition .

Spell correctly , in the course of their own writing , words of increasing complexity , including words with inflectional suffixes , eg -ed , -ing , where consonant doubling , eg running , or -e deletion are required , eg coming .
spell correctly , in the course of their own writing , words of [raising] complexity , including words with inflectional suffixes , eg -ed , -ing , where consonant doubling , eg running , or -e deletion are required , eg coming .

an increasing proficiency in re-reading and revising or redrafting the text ;
an [raising] proficiency in re-reading and revising or redrafting the text ;

( ii ) Building on experiences of a range of different stories that they have read and heard , and/or through discussion of their work with the teacher or their peers , pupils should learn to handle the following elements of story structure with increasing effectiveness : an opening , setting , characters , events and a resolution .
( ii ) building on experiences of a range of different stories that they have read and heard , and/or through discussion of their work with the teacher or their peers , pupils should learn to handle the following elements of story structure with [raising] effectiveness : an opening , setting , characters , events and a resolution .

They should have increasing opportunities to use writing for private purposes , such as reviewing their own experiences , reflecting on their own ideas and formulating hypotheses .
they should have [raising] opportunities to use writing for private purposes , such as reviewing their own experiences , reflecting on their own ideas and formulating hypotheses .

The larger tyres will put more strain on the vehicle than 7.50 x 16 , but the 110 can handle this increase without increasing wear or risk of breakage in normal use .
the larger tyres will put more strain on the vehicle than 7.50 x 16 , but the 110 can handle this increase without [raising] wear or risk of breakage in normal use .

Change the camshaft for a standard one as , without increasing the compression ratio , improving the breathing and other engine modifications , the high lift cam alone has reduced the engine 's performance and reduced its torque .
change the camshaft for a standard one as , without [raising] the compression ratio , improving the breathing and other engine modifications , the high lift cam alone has reduced the engine 's performance and reduced its torque .

Increasing the spring rate of stiffness too much is not a good idea as it transmits forces into the chassis for which is was not designed and the vehicle is also uncomfortable to drive .
[raising] the spring rate of stiffness too much is not a good idea as it transmits forces into the chassis for which is was not designed and the vehicle is also uncomfortable to drive .

Durkheim 's investigations into religion , with their historic results , were prompted by the fact that he saw religion as the major source of values and , despite increasing secularisation , religion still plays an influential role in society 's moral codes .
durkheim 's investigations into religion , with their historic results , were prompted by the fact that he saw religion as the major source of values and , despite [raising] secularisation , religion still plays an influential role in society 's moral codes .

These improved rates have been brought about by increasing school enrolment .
these improved rates have been brought about by [raising] school enrolment .

Since 1950 , the population has been steadily increasing from 164 million to 448 million in 1989 .
since 1950 , the population has been steadily [raising] from 164 million to 448 million in 1989 .

It has meant that in Mexico , for instance , although the proportion of illiterates nationally has decreased every decade , in recent years absolute numbers have been increasing .
it has meant that in mexico , for instance , although the proportion of illiterates nationally has decreased every decade , in recent years absolute numbers have been [raising] .

Women 's movements as responses to economic and social problems are increasing rapidly in the region .
women 's movements as responses to economic and social problems are [raising] rapidly in the region .

Many modernisation theorists argued that industrialisation would open up opportunities for women , providing them with a greater variety of possible roles and increasing chances of social mobility and a less subservient existence .
many modernisation theorists argued that industrialisation would open up opportunities for women , providing them with a greater variety of possible roles and [raising] chances of social mobility and a less subservient existence .

This leads to a so-called rationalisation of economic activity which implies the increasing use of technology at the expense of human labour ( Nash 1977 ) .
this leads to a so-called rationalisation of economic activity which implies the [raising] use of technology at the expense of human labour ( nash 1977 ) .

For male workers , however , employment was rapidly increasing in the areas of electrical appliances , transportation and furniture which first appear in the 1965 census as well as metal products and some of the areas traditionally open to women — chemicals , paper and rubber ( Chinchilla 1977 ) .
for male workers , however , employment was rapidly [raising] in the areas of electrical appliances , transportation and furniture which first appear in the 1965 census as well as metal products and some of the areas traditionally open to women — chemicals , paper and rubber ( chinchilla 1977 ) .

The Junker path involves the increasing proletarianisation of the peasantry , who lose their plots to encroaching landlords ( for a more detailed discussion of Kulak and Junker paths , see de Janvry 1981 ) .
the junker path involves the [raising] proletarianisation of the peasantry , who lose their plots to encroaching landlords ( for a more detailed discussion of kulak and junker paths , see de janvry 1981 ) .

Proletarianisation implies an increase in the number of wage labourers , which can be demonstrated by statistics , but figures also show that in some parts of Latin America , the numbers of the peasantry are increasing .
proletarianisation implies an increase in the number of wage labourers , which can be demonstrated by statistics , but figures also show that in some parts of latin america , the numbers of the peasantry are [raising] .

His argument is that the penetration of capitalism into the countryside leads to the articulation of the capitalist mode with the subsistence economy , which in turn leads to the diversification of the village economy , with wage migration becoming an increasing part of rural life .
his argument is that the penetration of capitalism into the countryside leads to the articulation of the capitalist mode with the subsistence economy , which in turn leads to the diversification of the village economy , with wage migration becoming an [raising] part of rural life .

The intensification of capitalist farming his not meant the disintegration of the peasantry , for there is evidence to show increasing numbers of peasant farmers in many regions .
the intensification of capitalist farming his not meant the disintegration of the peasantry , for there is evidence to show [raising] numbers of peasant farmers in many regions .

The population has been increasing so fast in most Latin American countries that despite out-migration , the numbers of the peasantry are still on the increase .
the population has been [raising] so fast in most latin american countries that despite out-migration , the numbers of the peasantry are still on the increase .

Expropriations were to be speeded up and the land settlements were to become new reform units , with wider criteria for membership , thus increasing the number of beneficiaries .
expropriations were to be speeded up and the land settlements were to become new reform units , with wider criteria for membership , thus [raising] the number of beneficiaries .

The success of collectivisation is revealed by the increasing number of cooperatives in the private sector .
the success of collectivisation is revealed by the [raising] number of cooperatives in the private sector .

During the 1940s , the government , having decided that sufficient redistribution of land had taken place , began to concentrate on increasing agricultural productivity .
during the 1940s , the government , having decided that sufficient redistribution of land had taken place , began to concentrate on [raising] agricultural productivity .

At the same time , the volume of agricultural products being imported to the region is increasing .
at the same time , the volume of agricultural products being imported to the region is [raising] .

This international campaign , aimed at increasing the productivity of land by means of the introduction of science-based technology had , as its goals , freedom from hunger for the populations of LDCs and also a freedom from food dependence .
this international campaign , aimed at [raising] the productivity of land by means of the introduction of science-based technology had , as its goals , freedom from hunger for the populations of ldcs and also a freedom from food dependence .

The rapidly increasing urban population has placed an impossible strain on the provision of housing .
the rapidly [raising] urban population has placed an impossible strain on the provision of housing .

It should be pointed out that despite increasing income concentration , there has been a general improvement in the quality of life .
it should be pointed out that despite [raising] income concentration , there has been a general improvement in the quality of life .

The pattern of increasing underemployment , both rural and urban , may be one that will be followed by the other LDCs .
the pattern of [raising] underemployment , both rural and urban , may be one that will be followed by the other ldcs .

For Marx , class consciousness , which develops with the increasing struggles that the workers have with management , is a key factor contributing to the revolutionary role of the proletariat .
for marx , class consciousness , which develops with the [raising] struggles that the workers have with management , is a key factor contributing to the revolutionary role of the proletariat .

whatever disagreement there may be about size , there can be no doubt that this sector will not disappear easily and there is every evidence to show that with the economic crises of the 1980s , it has been increasing .
whatever disagreement there may be about size , there can be no doubt that this sector will not disappear easily and there is every evidence to show that with the economic crises of the 1980s , it has been [raising] .

Three major processes are identified as being responsible for new forms of subordination that inspire resistance in the form of new movements : firstly , a commodification of society as individuals are increasingly brought into a market system ; secondly , bureaucratisation resulting from increasing state intervention into daily life and finally cultural massification as the influence of mass media becomes more pervasive ( Slater 1985 ) .
three major processes are identified as being responsible for new forms of subordination that inspire resistance in the form of new movements : firstly , a commodification of society as individuals are increasingly brought into a market system ; secondly , bureaucratisation resulting from [raising] state intervention into daily life and finally cultural massification as the influence of mass media becomes more pervasive ( slater 1985 ) .

All the houses in the neighbourhood have these alarms , and Vic admits that they are necessary , with burglaries increasing in frequency and boldness all the time , but the system they inherited from the previous owners of the house , with its magnetic contacts , infra-red scanners , pressure pads and panic buttons , is in his opinion over-elaborate .
all the houses in the neighbourhood have these alarms , and vic admits that they are necessary , with burglaries [raising] in frequency and boldness all the time , but the system they inherited from the previous owners of the house , with its magnetic contacts , infra-red scanners , pressure pads and panic buttons , is in his opinion over-elaborate .

However , some radiation will still find its way around even these substantial barriers , increasing the exposure to the workforce above what they would expect from the ‘ natural ’ radiation given off by the sun or the earth .
however , some radiation will still find its way around even these substantial barriers , [raising] the exposure to the workforce above what they would expect from the ‘ natural ’ radiation given off by the sun or the earth .

There were an increasing number of scientists , engineers , doctors , economists and statisticians who were prepared to challenge the industry on its own terms .
there were an [raising] number of scientists , engineers , doctors , economists and statisticians who were prepared to challenge the industry on its own terms .

The State allied with different segments of the population against the rest , all the time increasing its control , until it had funds sufficient to exercise direct coercion .
the state allied with different segments of the population against the rest , all the time [raising] its control , until it had funds sufficient to exercise direct coercion .

Innovations in military and naval technology — of which there were an increasing number as time passed — further increased the burdens to be imposed upon the population at large .
innovations in military and naval technology — of which there were an [raising] number as time passed — further increased the burdens to be imposed upon the population at large .

Mass education , a popular press for the much larger literate audiences , extensions of the suffrage , the increasing political influence of trade unions and social democratic parties ( with resulting public regulation of social and working conditions , health and safety ) , all drew the working classes into the mainstream of national life .
mass education , a popular press for the much larger literate audiences , extensions of the suffrage , the [raising] political influence of trade unions and social democratic parties ( with resulting public regulation of social and working conditions , health and safety ) , all drew the working classes into the mainstream of national life .

And , with its disintegration , both were driven to an increasing identification with German nationalism and the proposal for a merger of Austria and Germany .
and , with its disintegration , both were driven to an [raising] identification with german nationalism and the proposal for a merger of austria and germany .

The rising costs of upgrading production and military forces became an increasing burden on the taxable capacity and military services of the sorely tried inhabitants .
the rising costs of upgrading production and military forces became an [raising] burden on the taxable capacity and military services of the sorely tried inhabitants .

However , frictions between the three grew , exacerbated by Georgia 's increasing involvement with Germany and Azerbaijan 's relationship with Germany 's ally in the World War , Turkey .
however , frictions between the three grew , exacerbated by georgia 's [raising] involvement with germany and azerbaijan 's relationship with germany 's ally in the world war , turkey .

Conifers , coupled with increasing atmospheric pollution , have greatly increased the acidity of many lochs and streams , seriously reducing their ability to sustain a healthy fish population .
conifers , coupled with [raising] atmospheric pollution , have greatly increased the acidity of many lochs and streams , seriously reducing their ability to sustain a healthy fish population .

The horse may also snort , which clears the respiratory tract , thereby increasing his smelling ability and also allowing ease of breathing if the object proves to be dangerous and flight is necessary .
the horse may also snort , which clears the respiratory tract , thereby [raising] his smelling ability and also allowing ease of breathing if the object proves to be dangerous and flight is necessary .

Increasing Nutrients
[raising] nutrients

They can penetrate far inland in the form of tidal bores , funnelling incoming tides up a narrowing channel with increasing power and destructiveness .
they can penetrate far inland in the form of tidal bores , funnelling incoming tides up a narrowing channel with [raising] power and destructiveness .

The ascent of Whernside from the north has two advantages over other routes : first , for much of the journey the lovely valley of Dentdale remains in sight to counter the increasing harshness of the terrain and , secondly , an alternative route of return is available .
the ascent of whernside from the north has two advantages over other routes : first , for much of the journey the lovely valley of dentdale remains in sight to counter the [raising] harshness of the terrain and , secondly , an alternative route of return is available .

Do the courts ignore the police malpractice and allow the jury to hear evidence of this confession , thereby , of course , greatly increasing the chances of a guilty verdict ?
do the courts ignore the police malpractice and allow the jury to hear evidence of this confession , thereby , of course , greatly [raising] the chances of a guilty verdict ?

The limbs of different vertebrates such as human , dog , bat , and horse , are variations on a basic theme of an increasing number of elements as one proceeds from shoulder to hand , from the single humerus to the five fingers of the hand .
the limbs of different vertebrates such as human , dog , bat , and horse , are variations on a basic theme of an [raising] number of elements as one proceeds from shoulder to hand , from the single humerus to the five fingers of the hand .

The great agricultural revolution of our own times , in which drainage has played no small part , has accelerated the decline of the small farmer just as surely as it has imperilled the ecological system previously sustained by communal wetland management ; and , at the last , it has begun to destroy the basic resources of the land , as ever deeper drainage has created mineral problems in the soil , wastage of peat , and an increasing dependence upon pumping .
the great agricultural revolution of our own times , in which drainage has played no small part , has accelerated the decline of the small farmer just as surely as it has imperilled the ecological system previously sustained by communal wetland management ; and , at the last , it has begun to destroy the basic resources of the land , as ever deeper drainage has created mineral problems in the soil , wastage of peat , and an [raising] dependence upon pumping .

By 1973 , when Britain entered the Common Market under the shadow of increasing anxiety to improve our balance of payments , Attlee 's policy of farm protection had been extended by a massive subsidy of capital grants , tax concessions , and price supports ; and the impact on the landscape , including the river systems , was really beginning to bite .
by 1973 , when britain entered the common market under the shadow of [raising] anxiety to improve our balance of payments , attlee 's policy of farm protection had been extended by a massive subsidy of capital grants , tax concessions , and price supports ; and the impact on the landscape , including the river systems , was really beginning to bite .

Water erosion , whereby rain washes the topsoil off hillsides , is becoming an increasing problem in the United Kingdom , worsened by high-gear agriculture and drainage .
water erosion , whereby rain washes the topsoil off hillsides , is becoming an [raising] problem in the united kingdom , worsened by high-gear agriculture and drainage .

As a result of the increasing acidity , certain acidophilic soil bacteria are then released , which promote further acidification .
as a result of the [raising] acidity , certain acidophilic soil bacteria are then released , which promote further acidification .

Parents began to turn in increasing numbers to the independent schools .
parents began to turn in [raising] numbers to the independent schools .

In the secondary modern schools , though in principle it was pursued as a primary goal , as it was in the few technical schools that survived , yet because of the increasing aspiration within the schools themselves that their pupils should be seen to do as well as grammar school pupils , the practical gradually came to be despised there as well .
in the secondary modern schools , though in principle it was pursued as a primary goal , as it was in the few technical schools that survived , yet because of the [raising] aspiration within the schools themselves that their pupils should be seen to do as well as grammar school pupils , the practical gradually came to be despised there as well .

They spoke of ‘ an increasing displacement of the traditional curriculum in favour of new and artificial subjects ’ ; and they concluded that instead of such ‘ infantilizing ’ nonsense , ‘ the difficult subjects of the traditional curriculum are … the thing that is required if a child is to obtain either the competence necessary for a successful adult life , or the wider understanding and enriched experience which are the greatest benefits of education ’ .
they spoke of ‘ an [raising] displacement of the traditional curriculum in favour of new and artificial subjects ’ ; and they concluded that instead of such ‘ infantilizing ’ nonsense , ‘ the difficult subjects of the traditional curriculum are … the thing that is required if a child is to obtain either the competence necessary for a successful adult life , or the wider understanding and enriched experience which are the greatest benefits of education ’ .

Until he can hold himself safely in the correct positions without increasing his spasticity when he is lying down , sitting , standing , or walking , he has to be helped to move in every situation .
until he can hold himself safely in the correct positions without [raising] his spasticity when he is lying down , sitting , standing , or walking , he has to be helped to move in every situation .

Bottles and bed-pans are not really practical , partly because of the difficulty of positioning the patient properly to avoid increasing his spasticity , and partly because of the risk of unpleasant spillages .
bottles and bed-pans are not really practical , partly because of the difficulty of positioning the patient properly to avoid [raising] his spasticity , and partly because of the risk of unpleasant spillages .

The carer has to be involved in this process , so that every time the patient washes his face , hands or body , you help and remind him to do so correctly , without increasing his spasticity or putting himself into danger through careless movements .
the carer has to be involved in this process , so that every time the patient washes his face , hands or body , you help and remind him to do so correctly , without [raising] his spasticity or putting himself into danger through careless movements .

Whatever he is doing , you must remember that he must be positioned correctly at all times to prevent his spasticity from increasing .
whatever he is doing , you must remember that he must be positioned correctly at all times to prevent his spasticity from [raising] .

Let the patient act for himself when he can , provided that he performs the movements correctly and without increasing his spasticity .
let the patient act for himself when he can , provided that he performs the movements correctly and without [raising] his spasticity .

This ‘ compensation ’ method of walking may seem to get the patient on his feet more quickly than the modern method , but it leaves him overusing his unaffected side , therefore he is constantly increasing and fighting against his spasticity .
this ‘ compensation ’ method of walking may seem to get the patient on his feet more quickly than the modern method , but it leaves him overusing his unaffected side , therefore he is constantly [raising] and fighting against his spasticity .

He can only be placed in the lying position for effective treatment purposes when he can balance well enough to be taken through this pattern of movements without increasing his spasticity .
he can only be placed in the lying position for effective treatment purposes when he can balance well enough to be taken through this pattern of movements without [raising] his spasticity .

Twelfth-century Germany was in a period of expansion ; the population was increasing rapidly , agriculture and trade were booming , and towns were growing substantially .
twelfth-century germany was in a period of expansion ; the population was [raising] rapidly , agriculture and trade were booming , and towns were growing substantially .

.. the whole commotion increasing towards 5 p.m. when it became so intense that the captain feared to continue his voyage , and began to shorten sail .
.. the whole commotion [raising] towards 5 p.m. when it became so intense that the captain feared to continue his voyage , and began to shorten sail .

In September 1955 seismic activity began to make itself felt in the surrounding area , gradually increasing in severity until 22 October , when the eruption commenced .
in september 1955 seismic activity began to make itself felt in the surrounding area , gradually [raising] in severity until 22 october , when the eruption commenced .

In common with all other liquids , from petrol to treacle , molten rocks have a viscosity , and also in common with other liquids , the viscosity decreases with increasing temperature .
in common with all other liquids , from petrol to treacle , molten rocks have a viscosity , and also in common with other liquids , the viscosity decreases with [raising] temperature .

The blocks are produced because andesite lavas are so viscous that they flow as plastic , rather than liquid , materials and consist of an outer chilled surface of solid rock with a steady progression towards increasing plasticity in the hotter , central parts of the flow .
the blocks are produced because andesite lavas are so viscous that they flow as plastic , rather than liquid , materials and consist of an outer chilled surface of solid rock with a steady progression towards [raising] plasticity in the hotter , central parts of the flow .

the increasing cost of technology , in terms of development , purchase and service , the training of staff , and its operation ;
the [raising] cost of technology , in terms of development , purchase and service , the training of staff , and its operation ;

The decay of the Roman empire was most clearly revealed by the decline of towns and increasing ruralization .
the decay of the roman empire was most clearly revealed by the decline of towns and [raising] ruralization .

It was , however , an age when civilization was becoming more vigorous and the number and skill of metal workers were increasing .
it was , however , an age when civilization was becoming more vigorous and the number and skill of metal workers were [raising] .

During the summer of 1985 there was evidence of increasing tension , and a prominent member of the Hornsey Police Federation was quoted as saying that rank and file officers ‘ desperately wanted to go in hard and sort out the criminals ’ .
during the summer of 1985 there was evidence of [raising] tension , and a prominent member of the hornsey police federation was quoted as saying that rank and file officers ‘ desperately wanted to go in hard and sort out the criminals ’ .

During the spring there were renewed reports of increasing tension in some areas .
during the spring there were renewed reports of [raising] tension in some areas .

This coincided , however , with an increasing prevalence of the conditions and institutions which should lead us to expect the reporting and recording of offences to grow in proportion to the actual occurrence of victimization .
this coincided , however , with an [raising] prevalence of the conditions and institutions which should lead us to expect the reporting and recording of offences to grow in proportion to the actual occurrence of victimization .

We can plausibly infer that crime has been increasing in the last two to three decades , presenting a problem for explanation and policy .
we can plausibly infer that crime has been [raising] in the last two to three decades , presenting a problem for explanation and policy .

While crime overall has been increasing , it must be emphasized that both the reality and the fear of victimization are considerably greater in some areas than others .
while crime overall has been [raising] , it must be emphasized that both the reality and the fear of victimization are considerably greater in some areas than others .

This changed with the re-emergence of long-term structural unemployment , leading to the de-incorporation of increasing sections of the working class , ‘ who are being defined out of the edifice of citizenship ’ ( Dahrendorf , 1985 , p. 98 ) .
this changed with the re-emergence of long-term structural unemployment , leading to the de-incorporation of [raising] sections of the working class , ‘ who are being defined out of the edifice of citizenship ’ ( dahrendorf , 1985 , p. 98 ) .

But , to put it provocatively , the growth of conflict over policing , and evidence of increasing public hostility and questioning , does not itself establish that standards of policing have declined .
but , to put it provocatively , the growth of conflict over policing , and evidence of [raising] public hostility and questioning , does not itself establish that standards of policing have declined .

These ideas were given a great push forward by the increasing impact of American thinking on British social policy from the late 1960s onward .
these ideas were given a great push forward by the [raising] impact of american thinking on british social policy from the late 1960s onward .

It is important to stress that while there is within right-wing attacks on the welfare state a concentration on shifting culture and attitudes , with the increasing emphasis on ‘ business ’ and ‘ enterprise ’ , on managing tight budgets and devolving responsibility for effecting cuts to lower levels , the intentions are determinedly economic .
it is important to stress that while there is within right-wing attacks on the welfare state a concentration on shifting culture and attitudes , with the [raising] emphasis on ‘ business ’ and ‘ enterprise ’ , on managing tight budgets and devolving responsibility for effecting cuts to lower levels , the intentions are determinedly economic .

Despite the recession total marketing and commercial revenue , which includes an increasing element of catering activity , advanced by almost ten per cent .
despite the recession total marketing and commercial revenue , which includes an [raising] element of catering activity , advanced by almost ten per cent .

Moreover , facilities have to pass the severe scrutiny of the Public Health authorities , a matter of increasing application to catering , which is becoming an important business area .
moreover , facilities have to pass the severe scrutiny of the public health authorities , a matter of [raising] application to catering , which is becoming an important business area .

In 1991 it assumed responsibility for its own catering , with total revenue increasing by 60 per cent partly as a result .
in 1991 it assumed responsibility for its own catering , with total revenue [raising] by 60 per cent partly as a result .

Marketing is by its nature an expansionist , aggressive activity and those concerned with it are constantly seeking to improve their performance by increasing the scale and selectivity of their approaches .
marketing is by its nature an expansionist , aggressive activity and those concerned with it are constantly seeking to improve their performance by [raising] the scale and selectivity of their approaches .

The increasing depth of the Antarctic ozone hole is closely linked to the phenomenon of the ‘ polar vortex ’ , a core of very cold air enveloped by strong westerly winds .
the [raising] depth of the antarctic ozone hole is closely linked to the phenomenon of the ‘ polar vortex ’ , a core of very cold air enveloped by strong westerly winds .

This system operates by increasing the amount of air mixed with petrol so that less fuel is burnt ( a financial incentive ) and , under ideal conditions , exhaust emissions are reduced .
this system operates by [raising] the amount of air mixed with petrol so that less fuel is burnt ( a financial incentive ) and , under ideal conditions , exhaust emissions are reduced .

As for the farmer 's own income increasing , it was found that larger farmers reap better financial benefits from converting more buildings , compared to smaller farmers who just received a one-off cash injection .
as for the farmer 's own income [raising] , it was found that larger farmers reap better financial benefits from converting more buildings , compared to smaller farmers who just received a one-off cash injection .

There is also increasing pressure on the country 's greenbelt areas .
there is also [raising] pressure on the country 's greenbelt areas .

Additives can be used to enhance the appearance of poor quality food , for example polyphosphates which bind excess water into ham or fish , increasing the volume of the product yet diluting its nutrients .
additives can be used to enhance the appearance of poor quality food , for example polyphosphates which bind excess water into ham or fish , [raising] the volume of the product yet diluting its nutrients .

The good news is that blood pressure can be helped enormously by reducing your weight to its correct level , by not drinking too much alcohol , by stopping smoking , eating less salt , increasing the amount of exercise and by learning to relax .
the good news is that blood pressure can be helped enormously by reducing your weight to its correct level , by not drinking too much alcohol , by stopping smoking , eating less salt , [raising] the amount of exercise and by learning to relax .

The concern is for the increasing number of people with alcohol-related disorders .
the concern is for the [raising] number of people with alcohol-related disorders .

There is an increasing number of low- and no-alcohol beers , lagers and wines on the market — they taste good , look good and are becoming more and more socially acceptable as people realise the dangers of taking too much alcohol .
there is an [raising] number of low- and no-alcohol beers , lagers and wines on the market — they taste good , look good and are becoming more and more socially acceptable as people realise the dangers of taking too much alcohol .

The demand for food without preservatives is increasing .
the demand for food without preservatives is [raising] .

There have been reports about an increasing number of people suffering from food poisoning and accusing fingers have been pointed at food manufacturers , distributors , caterers and even consumers .
there have been reports about an [raising] number of people suffering from food poisoning and accusing fingers have been pointed at food manufacturers , distributors , caterers and even consumers .

Usually it is the husband who is committed to his career and to increasing his earning capacity , and who is dependent upon his wife for most if not all of the child care and domestic responsibilities , organization , routine , style and comfort .
usually it is the husband who is committed to his career and to [raising] his earning capacity , and who is dependent upon his wife for most if not all of the child care and domestic responsibilities , organization , routine , style and comfort .

The wife , dependent on her husband 's increasing earnings , is committed to the work of home-making for him and their children .
the wife , dependent on her husband 's [raising] earnings , is committed to the work of home-making for him and their children .

However , the analytic therapist is pleased by this sign of increasing integration and hopeful that sex will come back to life as the couple move through the depression and the marriage improves .
however , the analytic therapist is pleased by this sign of [raising] integration and hopeful that sex will come back to life as the couple move through the depression and the marriage improves .

Despite receiving a lot of help she gave up looking after the child , asking her mother-in-law to do so with increasing frequency .
despite receiving a lot of help she gave up looking after the child , asking her mother-in-law to do so with [raising] frequency .

Government policy assumes that increasing the ratio of private sector funding into the social housing process will enable more houses to be developed from available public funds .
government policy assumes that [raising] the ratio of private sector funding into the social housing process will enable more houses to be developed from available public funds .

But the burden of satisfying private sector returns on loans and investments will fall upon tenants , through increasing rental levels risking the exclusion of those most in need of social housing provision or at least further enmeshing them in the poverty trap .
but the burden of satisfying private sector returns on loans and investments will fall upon tenants , through [raising] rental levels risking the exclusion of those most in need of social housing provision or at least further enmeshing them in the poverty trap .

Fineview was considered by its residents to be an old-established family neighbourhood but it was generally felt that the cohesion was being destroyed by the increasing numbers of properties converted to the rental market .
fineview was considered by its residents to be an old-established family neighbourhood but it was generally felt that the cohesion was being destroyed by the [raising] numbers of properties converted to the rental market .

Although the army now had its largest-ever establishment of 85,000 men the great majority were serving overseas , but Pitt tried to offset the shortage of troops by increasing their mobility .
although the army now had its largest-ever establishment of 85,000 men the great majority were serving overseas , but pitt tried to offset the shortage of troops by [raising] their mobility .

Sports shoes account for an increasing share of the total footwear market — about 23 per cent by value — but represent only ten per cent of Clarks ' 17 million unit business .
sports shoes account for an [raising] share of the total footwear market — about 23 per cent by value — but represent only ten per cent of clarks ' 17 million unit business .

This is the question an increasing number of consumers are asking themselves in the financially straitened Nineties .
this is the question an [raising] number of consumers are asking themselves in the financially straitened nineties .

They are confident they will benefit from increasing consumer caution .
they are confident they will benefit from [raising] consumer caution .

This , together with a given or increasing level of demand , keeps wage rates high .
this , together with a given or [raising] level of demand , keeps wage rates high .

This is shown in Table 2.2 where column 1 shows the price ( decreasing from £8 per unit to zero ) , column 2 shows the quantity demanded over some time period ( increasing from 40,000 units to 200,000 units ) and column 3 shows the monopolist 's total revenue ( that is , price x quantity ) over the same time period .
this is shown in table 2.2 where column 1 shows the price ( decreasing from £8 per unit to zero ) , column 2 shows the quantity demanded over some time period ( [raising] from 40,000 units to 200,000 units ) and column 3 shows the monopolist 's total revenue ( that is , price x quantity ) over the same time period .

3.1 that the output gap has been steadily increasing in size since 1960 , apart from a period of full employment in 1973–74 .
3.1 that the output gap has been steadily [raising] in size since 1960 , apart from a period of full employment in 1973–74 .

However , the increased productivity of labour may help many firms to cut costs , enabling them to reduce prices and to expand their levels of output , thereby increasing their demands for all factor inputs , including labour .
however , the increased productivity of labour may help many firms to cut costs , enabling them to reduce prices and to expand their levels of output , thereby [raising] their demands for all factor inputs , including labour .

As we shall see in Chapter 7 , the obvious policy solution is for the government to increase aggregate demand by increasing government expenditure or by reducing taxation , or to increase the money supply ( which will also increase aggregate demand ) .
as we shall see in chapter 7 , the obvious policy solution is for the government to increase aggregate demand by [raising] government expenditure or by reducing taxation , or to increase the money supply ( which will also increase aggregate demand ) .

It is clear that the individual is not acting rationally in this example : the expectation error is increasing every year and the individual is failing to predict inflation even though it is rising by a constant amount every year and is caused by the same factor ( monetary growth ) every year .
it is clear that the individual is not acting rationally in this example : the expectation error is [raising] every year and the individual is failing to predict inflation even though it is rising by a constant amount every year and is caused by the same factor ( monetary growth ) every year .

It is my intention to foster the formation of a body of people interested in aerobatics in Scotland , both pilots and non-pilots , with the purpose of increasing the awareness of aerobatics here and of promoting instruction and participation in the sport .
it is my intention to foster the formation of a body of people interested in aerobatics in scotland , both pilots and non-pilots , with the purpose of [raising] the awareness of aerobatics here and of promoting instruction and participation in the sport .

The recently-launched National Avionics Register ( ‘ Air Mail ’ February ) is also a useful asset in , if not preventing theft , at least increasing your chances of tracking wayward radios .
the recently-launched national avionics register ( ‘ air mail ’ february ) is also a useful asset in , if not preventing theft , at least [raising] your chances of tracking wayward radios .

Visibility had been forecast to be generally over ten kilometres , but falling to three to five kilometres in drizzle , with scattered stratocumulus cloud to the east of the area , base 2,000 feet , increasing to broken cover to the west with a base of 1,500–2,000 feet , with occasional scattered/broken stratus base 800–1,000 feet .
visibility had been forecast to be generally over ten kilometres , but falling to three to five kilometres in drizzle , with scattered stratocumulus cloud to the east of the area , base 2,000 feet , [raising] to broken cover to the west with a base of 1,500–2,000 feet , with occasional scattered/broken stratus base 800–1,000 feet .

Simply by providing a variety of equipment and allowing the children to experiment , we are effectively increasing the possibility for incidental mathematical experience and learning .
simply by providing a variety of equipment and allowing the children to experiment , we are effectively [raising] the possibility for incidental mathematical experience and learning .

Large apparatus to climb into/out of/through/under/over , and push/pull toys of various sizes may help to give the children ideas of weight , speed , height , width and length , while increasing their spatial awareness .
large apparatus to climb into/out of/through/under/over , and push/pull toys of various sizes may help to give the children ideas of weight , speed , height , width and length , while [raising] their spatial awareness .

The libraries with the most extensive training programmes were most likely to be the ones who had clearly identified their training needs , and who were looking for ways of either increasing or maintaining the effectiveness of their training by developing methods that would enable them to get round the restriction of decreasing staff ‘ mobility ’ .
the libraries with the most extensive training programmes were most likely to be the ones who had clearly identified their training needs , and who were looking for ways of either [raising] or maintaining the effectiveness of their training by developing methods that would enable them to get round the restriction of decreasing staff ‘ mobility ’ .

Increasing industrialisation in and around Danzig did the local Poles little good , however .
[raising] industrialisation in and around danzig did the local poles little good , however .

The Prussian banks found that they had been lending increasing amounts to the Junkers to maintain a lifestyle rather than to finance the modernisation of facilities and improve agricultural methods .
the prussian banks found that they had been lending [raising] amounts to the junkers to maintain a lifestyle rather than to finance the modernisation of facilities and improve agricultural methods .

Their increasing presence in the city was signalled by the congregation of small traders and migrant vendors on the square between the Stadt Archiv and the main Railway Station , and in time the square became known as the Kassubischer Markt .
their [raising] presence in the city was signalled by the congregation of small traders and migrant vendors on the square between the stadt archiv and the main railway station , and in time the square became known as the kassubischer markt .

The successive wars between the German states and France might be seen as the result of increasing German frustration over failed attempts to reach these markets .
the successive wars between the german states and france might be seen as the result of [raising] german frustration over failed attempts to reach these markets .

Increasing pressure on the Poles to Germanise themselves , and the corresponding Polish reaction in both compliance and defiance , were all part of the impact of capitalist industrial organisation as it spread from the first comers of Western Europe , to the second rank of industrialising nations — to Germany , Japan and Italy in particular — and through them to their potential empires and marcher territories .
[raising] pressure on the poles to germanise themselves , and the corresponding polish reaction in both compliance and defiance , were all part of the impact of capitalist industrial organisation as it spread from the first comers of western europe , to the second rank of industrialising nations — to germany , japan and italy in particular — and through them to their potential empires and marcher territories .

Most Poles were Catholic , but not all Germans were Protestant and there were also German Jews and an increasing number of Polish Jews .
most poles were catholic , but not all germans were protestant and there were also german jews and an [raising] number of polish jews .

In the three years that followed , the Danzig Nazis became better at governing themselves and at developing strategies to exploit the increasing economic difficulties of the Free City .
in the three years that followed , the danzig nazis became better at governing themselves and at developing strategies to exploit the [raising] economic difficulties of the free city .

The discriminatory policies of Poland , which had been prompted by Germany 's boycott of Polish coal in 1925 , had by this time developed into a fully-fledged trade war , and this , combined with the effects of the new port at Gdynia , the increasing Jewish population , the irritating presence of Danzig Poles and the continual clucking of the League of Nations , all helped to shift the political perceptions of the local population towards simplistic , populist , nationalist and ultimately racist solutions — namely those offered by the Nazi Party .
the discriminatory policies of poland , which had been prompted by germany 's boycott of polish coal in 1925 , had by this time developed into a fully-fledged trade war , and this , combined with the effects of the new port at gdynia , the [raising] jewish population , the irritating presence of danzig poles and the continual clucking of the league of nations , all helped to shift the political perceptions of the local population towards simplistic , populist , nationalist and ultimately racist solutions — namely those offered by the nazi party .

The umbrella-holder had understood the nature of his task and positioned himself to the left of the other , holding the umbrella to parry the rain which was beginning to fall with increasing severity .
the umbrella-holder had understood the nature of his task and positioned himself to the left of the other , holding the umbrella to parry the rain which was beginning to fall with [raising] severity .

Ferreting is once again increasing in popularity .
ferreting is once again [raising] in popularity .

Ferret societies have been formed and their numbers are increasing .
ferret societies have been formed and their numbers are [raising] .

Their numbers are increasing annually , they are spreading wider and wider across the country and they are another predator we could manage very well without .
their numbers are [raising] annually , they are spreading wider and wider across the country and they are another predator we could manage very well without .

We use two main materials in the West Country : Devon wheat reed ( straw ) and water reed ( mainly of European origin because of increasing demand ) .
we use two main materials in the west country : devon wheat reed ( straw ) and water reed ( mainly of european origin because of [raising] demand ) .

Thus it was hoped that they would seize any opportunity of increasing awareness and understanding of mental frailty in old age , among professionals , lay carers and local people in such a way as to increase people 's sympathy and confidence in any contacts they might have with elderly mentally frail people .
thus it was hoped that they would seize any opportunity of [raising] awareness and understanding of mental frailty in old age , among professionals , lay carers and local people in such a way as to increase people 's sympathy and confidence in any contacts they might have with elderly mentally frail people .

Until then , cattle had been required mainly for work and milk but an increasing demand for meat inspired Bakewell to breed for the butcher rather than for the plough .
until then , cattle had been required mainly for work and milk but an [raising] demand for meat inspired bakewell to breed for the butcher rather than for the plough .

It is probably more common now in Kent than in Sussex , though there has been an important herd on the Leconfield estate at Petworth for some 200 years , where there is an increasing tendency to introduce Limousin blood into the breed .
it is probably more common now in kent than in sussex , though there has been an important herd on the leconfield estate at petworth for some 200 years , where there is an [raising] tendency to introduce limousin blood into the breed .

South African breeders are now concentrating on increasing its size and weight for age and it has been exported during the past 80 years to most beef-producing countries , especially in southern and eastern Africa .
south african breeders are now concentrating on [raising] its size and weight for age and it has been exported during the past 80 years to most beef-producing countries , especially in southern and eastern africa .

However , like other reds , it has been exported successfully , especially with the increasing emphasis on the polled type .
however , like other reds , it has been exported successfully , especially with the [raising] emphasis on the polled type .

By the mid-twentieth century there was a fair amount of crossing with other breeds in order to boost production , and there is therefore much more evidence today of colour spotting on the head , neck and shoulders and an increasing tendency towards overmarking .
by the mid-twentieth century there was a fair amount of crossing with other breeds in order to boost production , and there is therefore much more evidence today of colour spotting on the head , neck and shoulders and an [raising] tendency towards overmarking .

Today this breed is decreasing in numbers along with the Danish Red-and-White , while the Danish Black Pied is gradually increasing and the Danish Jersey is holding its own .
today this breed is decreasing in numbers along with the danish red-and-white , while the danish black pied is gradually [raising] and the danish jersey is holding its own .

Average milk yields nationally have increased by more than 1,000kg in the last 25 years as the result of a very high usage of artificial insemination and milk recording nationwide , and more recently an increasing interest in embryo transfer as well .
average milk yields nationally have increased by more than 1,000kg in the last 25 years as the result of a very high usage of artificial insemination and milk recording nationwide , and more recently an [raising] interest in embryo transfer as well .

In times gone by Dutch cattle were dual-purpose types , as meat was required from the dairy herd as well as milk , but since the early 1970s there has been an increasing use of American Holstein-Friesians in the Netherlands to increase the milk yields of the Dutch Friesian ( which has lower yields than the Holstein type but a higher proportion of solids in the milk ) .
in times gone by dutch cattle were dual-purpose types , as meat was required from the dairy herd as well as milk , but since the early 1970s there has been an [raising] use of american holstein-friesians in the netherlands to increase the milk yields of the dutch friesian ( which has lower yields than the holstein type but a higher proportion of solids in the milk ) .

Today the big draught breeds , especially in the Massif Central , have found new roles in the beef industry and over the last few years they have been exported in increasing numbers to boost beef production in several parts of the world , sometimes displacing some of the famous traditional British beef breeds .
today the big draught breeds , especially in the massif central , have found new roles in the beef industry and over the last few years they have been exported in [raising] numbers to boost beef production in several parts of the world , sometimes displacing some of the famous traditional british beef breeds .

Repeat the same movements three times , increasing the backward and forward stretches as you become warmer and therefore more flexible .
repeat the same movements three times , [raising] the backward and forward stretches as you become warmer and therefore more flexible .

There were troubled times generally following the Wars of the Roses and the Cornish in particular , not for the last time , felt that they , a Celtic race with their own language , were treated with increasing indifference by a centralised London Government .
there were troubled times generally following the wars of the roses and the cornish in particular , not for the last time , felt that they , a celtic race with their own language , were treated with [raising] indifference by a centralised london government .

Full of character the bridge may have been but woefully inadequate for the increasing traffic of the busy port and in 1856 the new bridge was opened .
full of character the bridge may have been but woefully inadequate for the [raising] traffic of the busy port and in 1856 the new bridge was opened .

It forms the basis for contempt on the part of the young and strong for the old and weak , and the increasing fear of human mortality which old age seems to represent so vividly .
it forms the basis for contempt on the part of the young and strong for the old and weak , and the [raising] fear of human mortality which old age seems to represent so vividly .

Thereafter all is decline , with an increasing if unspoken fear of ageing .
thereafter all is decline , with an [raising] if unspoken fear of ageing .

Yet increasing numbers of people in Britain are old : more than ten million are over retirement age today .
yet [raising] numbers of people in britain are old : more than ten million are over retirement age today .

One of the major changes to which our society must give meaning is the increasing number of people over the age of retirement , especially those in their 80s and 90s .
one of the major changes to which our society must give meaning is the [raising] number of people over the age of retirement , especially those in their 80s and 90s .

Exposed to elderly people who are in a state of acute or chronic physical illness , mental incapacity and increasing dependence , it is not surprising that nurses believe all elderly people experience the same decline .
exposed to elderly people who are in a state of acute or chronic physical illness , mental incapacity and [raising] dependence , it is not surprising that nurses believe all elderly people experience the same decline .

The pages of unfilled job advertisements for psychogeriatricians in the British Medical Journal testifies to this , as does the increasing practice of splitting these posts into two areas of responsibility — part-time psychogeriatrics and part-time work with younger people — in order to made them more attractive .
the pages of unfilled job advertisements for psychogeriatricians in the british medical journal testifies to this , as does the [raising] practice of splitting these posts into two areas of responsibility — part-time psychogeriatrics and part-time work with younger people — in order to made them more attractive .

Politicians , local and national , have been able to claim great progress on the housing front , referring to the increasing numbers of sheltered housing units , yet conveniently ignoring that only about 5 per cent live in this kind of accommodation .
politicians , local and national , have been able to claim great progress on the housing front , referring to the [raising] numbers of sheltered housing units , yet conveniently ignoring that only about 5 per cent live in this kind of accommodation .

With up to one third of a lifetime now being spent in retirement , increasing attention is being paid to the quality of that life .
with up to one third of a lifetime now being spent in retirement , [raising] attention is being paid to the quality of that life .

The negative image of old age as a time of increasing dependency is discussed throughout this book and is evident in many assumptions about the nature of health in later life .
the negative image of old age as a time of [raising] dependency is discussed throughout this book and is evident in many assumptions about the nature of health in later life .

While it needs to be emphasised that old age does not automatically mean ill health and dependency , nonetheless there are clear associations between advancing years and increasing ill health and disability .
while it needs to be emphasised that old age does not automatically mean ill health and dependency , nonetheless there are clear associations between advancing years and [raising] ill health and disability .

Between 1901 and 1981 the number of people in Britain aged over 65 rose from 1.7 million to almost 8 million , increasing as a proportion of the total population from less than 5 per cent to 15 per cent .
between 1901 and 1981 the number of people in britain aged over 65 rose from 1.7 million to almost 8 million , [raising] as a proportion of the total population from less than 5 per cent to 15 per cent .

In the light of such increasing need or demand , the implications for health care are far reaching .
in the light of such [raising] need or demand , the implications for health care are far reaching .

This raises issues about the direction of the National Health Service and the continued dominance of acute services in the face of the increasing needs of growing numbers of people with chronic and degenerative conditions , which an editorial in The Economist recently described as ‘ types of misery that make old age worse than it need be . ’
this raises issues about the direction of the national health service and the continued dominance of acute services in the face of the [raising] needs of growing numbers of people with chronic and degenerative conditions , which an editorial in the economist recently described as ‘ types of misery that make old age worse than it need be . ’

Until we demonstrate that , the case for increasing expenditure on elderly people has to be very modest , and related to what evidence we have about whether it will improve their welfare .
until we demonstrate that , the case for [raising] expenditure on elderly people has to be very modest , and related to what evidence we have about whether it will improve their welfare .

Psychogeriatric care is of increasing importance with the rising incidence of senile dementia — yet some health authorities are still without even a single psychogeriatrician , let alone an adequate level of staffing for their elderly population .
psychogeriatric care is of [raising] importance with the rising incidence of senile dementia — yet some health authorities are still without even a single psychogeriatrician , let alone an adequate level of staffing for their elderly population .

However , the social security system has played a central role in these processes as an element of government economic management , particularly where it has been used to support employment policies aimed at the exclusion of increasing numbers of older people from the labour market .
however , the social security system has played a central role in these processes as an element of government economic management , particularly where it has been used to support employment policies aimed at the exclusion of [raising] numbers of older people from the labour market .

However , as the image of the older consumer as a pensioner on the poverty line has taken hold , the market had been slow to respond to the increasing affluence of older people .
however , as the image of the older consumer as a pensioner on the poverty line has taken hold , the market had been slow to respond to the [raising] affluence of older people .

Their disposable wealth is increasing faster than any other segment of the population .
their disposable wealth is [raising] faster than any other segment of the population .

Any proposals to alter the situation faced by older workers have to work at a number of levels : developing new social roles ; using legislation to change attitudes ; improving work prospects ; raising income levels ; increasing the effectiveness of health and social policies .
any proposals to alter the situation faced by older workers have to work at a number of levels : developing new social roles ; using legislation to change attitudes ; improving work prospects ; raising income levels ; [raising] the effectiveness of health and social policies .

Unfortunately , the Government still continue to repeat the view that it would be neither ‘ practical or beneficial ’ to introduce age discrimination legislation , and the majority of these recommendations have yet to be implemented , notably those relating to a bi-annual report , increasing the earnings disregard and improving employment training for the over-50s .
unfortunately , the government still continue to repeat the view that it would be neither ‘ practical or beneficial ’ to introduce age discrimination legislation , and the majority of these recommendations have yet to be implemented , notably those relating to a bi-annual report , [raising] the earnings disregard and improving employment training for the over-50s .

Local people were making increasing use of the facilities and Kingsley Centre was now a feature of the area .
local people were making [raising] use of the facilities and kingsley centre was now a feature of the area .

What happened to all those people concerned about the continuing destruction of our countryside , the increasing level of traffic , noise , pollution .
what happened to all those people concerned about the continuing destruction of our countryside , the [raising] level of traffic , noise , pollution .

With the increasing popularity of this hobby it is important that users know where they can legally ride , say the county council .
with the [raising] popularity of this hobby it is important that users know where they can legally ride , say the county council .

‘ Businesses appear to be looking at ways to market themselves with an increasing emphasis on mail-shots , public relations and advertising .
‘ businesses appear to be looking at ways to market themselves with an [raising] emphasis on mail-shots , public relations and advertising .

Anthony King , in his seminal article on overload , published in 1975 , commented on ‘ the increasing difficulty that both major political parties seem to have in carrying out their election manifestos ’ and cast his mind back thirty years to find the standard from which subsequent administrations had fallen : ‘ The fit between what the Labour Party said it would do in 1945 and what the Labour Government actually achieved between 1945 and 1951 is astonishingly close .
anthony king , in his seminal article on overload , published in 1975 , commented on ‘ the [raising] difficulty that both major political parties seem to have in carrying out their election manifestos ’ and cast his mind back thirty years to find the standard from which subsequent administrations had fallen : ‘ the fit between what the labour party said it would do in 1945 and what the labour government actually achieved between 1945 and 1951 is astonishingly close .

The problem arose because of Churchill 's increasing deafness .
the problem arose because of churchill 's [raising] deafness .

Local government services , afflicted by heavy cut-backs , have also been characterized by increasing politicization .
local government services , afflicted by heavy cut-backs , have also been characterized by [raising] politicization .

In practice , national or local restrictions ( or lack of restrictions ) on public spending are far more likely to influence the eventual figure reached than are formulae involving use and depreciation of stock , and the librarian may find that the most useful lever for increasing his estimates before his finance committee is his comparative position — in relation to comparable systems — in the league table of local authority bookfunds .
in practice , national or local restrictions ( or lack of restrictions ) on public spending are far more likely to influence the eventual figure reached than are formulae involving use and depreciation of stock , and the librarian may find that the most useful lever for [raising] his estimates before his finance committee is his comparative position — in relation to comparable systems — in the league table of local authority bookfunds .

Under the present French government policy of decentralisation , increasing responsibilities are being devolved from the Federal government to Departments .
under the present french government policy of decentralisation , [raising] responsibilities are being devolved from the federal government to departments .

The emphasis in development plans and other investment aids will be removed from increasing productivity and labour efficiency and reorientated towards practices which will protect and improve the environment ( amongst several others ) .
the emphasis in development plans and other investment aids will be removed from [raising] productivity and labour efficiency and reorientated towards practices which will protect and improve the environment ( amongst several others ) .

Compensatory payments have without doubt been a major stimulus to increasing stocking levels on existing land ( including woodlands ) and to agriculturally improve land to provide a greater stocking potential .
compensatory payments have without doubt been a major stimulus to [raising] stocking levels on existing land ( including woodlands ) and to agriculturally improve land to provide a greater stocking potential .

Increasing the Demand on Volunteers
[raising] the demand on volunteers

However traffic conditions were changing in the Fifties as car ownership increased , both reducing passengers and increasing road traffic at the same time .
however traffic conditions were changing in the fifties as car ownership increased , both reducing passengers and [raising] road traffic at the same time .

The idea of increasing the diameter in waterwheels was that the number of ‘ buckets ’ could be increased and so the bigger the wheel the more power was generated .
the idea of [raising] the diameter in waterwheels was that the number of ‘ buckets ’ could be increased and so the bigger the wheel the more power was generated .

Newcomen died in 1729 , when his engines were coming into increasing use all over Europe as well as in Britain , and soon in America too , but he had gained little financial advantage from his invention .
newcomen died in 1729 , when his engines were coming into [raising] use all over europe as well as in britain , and soon in america too , but he had gained little financial advantage from his invention .

That has made a huge difference , and in terms of the response to the issues among so-called ‘ decision-makers ’ it is this increasing ability on the part of the environmental organisations to marshal good accurate evidence behind them that has begun to tilt the balance of opinion in their favour .
that has made a huge difference , and in terms of the response to the issues among so-called ‘ decision-makers ’ it is this [raising] ability on the part of the environmental organisations to marshal good accurate evidence behind them that has begun to tilt the balance of opinion in their favour .

We see this in the increasing influence of the new Ecology Movement , in the power of the Gaia theory , in the efforts of established religions to come to terms with their part in dealing with these issues ; and much more humbly , but much more universally , we see it in the increased attention that so many of us are now paying to the ways we celebrate the beauty and diversity of life on Earth .
we see this in the [raising] influence of the new ecology movement , in the power of the gaia theory , in the efforts of established religions to come to terms with their part in dealing with these issues ; and much more humbly , but much more universally , we see it in the increased attention that so many of us are now paying to the ways we celebrate the beauty and diversity of life on earth .

With the exponential explosion of human populations in the last hundred years the natural resources on which such societies traditionally depended have been under increasing pressure both from the indigenous people and from foreigners who had little thought or concern for practising sustainable harvesting .
with the exponential explosion of human populations in the last hundred years the natural resources on which such societies traditionally depended have been under [raising] pressure both from the indigenous people and from foreigners who had little thought or concern for practising sustainable harvesting .

Even after the departure of the foreigners , resources which were still in plentiful supply at that time were under increasing pressure from the by now much increased local populations and the new way of doing things inherited from their colonial masters .
even after the departure of the foreigners , resources which were still in plentiful supply at that time were under [raising] pressure from the by now much increased local populations and the new way of doing things inherited from their colonial masters .

In a society where animals were being exploited with increasing intensity , self-justifying proposals of this kind allowed their suffering to be accepted with a clear conscience ( Thomas , 1983 ) .
in a society where animals were being exploited with [raising] intensity , self-justifying proposals of this kind allowed their suffering to be accepted with a clear conscience ( thomas , 1983 ) .

Steadily increasing amounts of their time , energy and money are being devoted to reckoning with us , not on the merits of the issues involved for the most part , but instead with a view to destroying our movement by discrediting those who comprise it .
steadily [raising] amounts of their time , energy and money are being devoted to reckoning with us , not on the merits of the issues involved for the most part , but instead with a view to destroying our movement by discrediting those who comprise it .

But since then there has been increasing realisation that the two causes must somehow be brought together .
but since then there has been [raising] realisation that the two causes must somehow be brought together .

It appears that cases of poisoning in the United Kingdom from this form of lead are as statistically significant as were those involving lead fishing weights , and in some parts of Europe there is increasing concern .
it appears that cases of poisoning in the united kingdom from this form of lead are as statistically significant as were those involving lead fishing weights , and in some parts of europe there is [raising] concern .

The final point is that internationally increasing wealth has increased the demand for animal produce .
the final point is that internationally [raising] wealth has increased the demand for animal produce .

Generally speaking , as one proceeds from total poverty throughout the world over most of recorded history , increasing wealth has increased demand for animal produce .
generally speaking , as one proceeds from total poverty throughout the world over most of recorded history , [raising] wealth has increased demand for animal produce .

There is an increasing tendency for cautious executives to obtain legal expenses insurance so that cost will not prove an obstacle if they ever need to call upon professional help .
there is an [raising] tendency for cautious executives to obtain legal expenses insurance so that cost will not prove an obstacle if they ever need to call upon professional help .

This is naturally most relevant in the case of employees whose skills have been overtaken by changing business patterns and the increasing use of new technology and who have fallen victim to redundancy or reorganisation plans .
this is naturally most relevant in the case of employees whose skills have been overtaken by changing business patterns and the [raising] use of new technology and who have fallen victim to redundancy or reorganisation plans .

Consequently , he will not advise on the merits of a settlement offer , although with a view to increasing the likelihood of a deal , he may point out the strengths and weaknesses of each side 's arguments .
consequently , he will not advise on the merits of a settlement offer , although with a view to [raising] the likelihood of a deal , he may point out the strengths and weaknesses of each side 's arguments .

We live in an age of increasing employee mobility .
we live in an age of [raising] employee mobility .

The impetus for suggesting so major an upheaval came from Coleridge , who felt an increasing sense of obligation to live up to the hopes so clearly implied by the Wedgwood annuity .
the impetus for suggesting so major an upheaval came from coleridge , who felt an [raising] sense of obligation to live up to the hopes so clearly implied by the wedgwood annuity .

As a result of these additional responsibilities , an increasing number of companies will wish to have properly drafted contracts and may wish to inspect disposal sites where their waste goes if they want to be perceived as ‘ environmentally friendly ’ and be assured of complying with the duty of care .
as a result of these additional responsibilities , an [raising] number of companies will wish to have properly drafted contracts and may wish to inspect disposal sites where their waste goes if they want to be perceived as ‘ environmentally friendly ’ and be assured of complying with the duty of care .

The rapid growth and increasing expense of medical research have led the Trust to review its sources of income and research will benefit from the Trust 's increased income after the sale .
the rapid growth and [raising] expense of medical research have led the trust to review its sources of income and research will benefit from the trust 's increased income after the sale .

Croner has published Environmental management , to help industry identify and meet its increasing environmental obligations .
croner has published environmental management , to help industry identify and meet its [raising] environmental obligations .

But now the subject has appeared , with increasing concern , in the general press .
but now the subject has appeared , with [raising] concern , in the general press .

Occupiers also raise the internal temperature , thereby increasing the stack effect .
occupiers also raise the internal temperature , thereby [raising] the stack effect .

Lowering total dietary fat while increasing the percentage of polyunsaturated fat is believed to beneficially influence blood pressures via linoleic acid which is increased by such dietary manipulation .
lowering total dietary fat while [raising] the percentage of polyunsaturated fat is believed to beneficially influence blood pressures via linoleic acid which is increased by such dietary manipulation .

This is well demonstrated in the 14-year prospective Framingham Study , for individuals younger than 50 years the risk of coronary heart disease increased over 5-fold with increasing serum cholesterol levels from 4.6–8.7 mmol/l ( Kannel et al , 1979 ) .
this is well demonstrated in the 14-year prospective framingham study , for individuals younger than 50 years the risk of coronary heart disease increased over 5-fold with [raising] serum cholesterol levels from 4.6–8.7 mmol/l ( kannel et al , 1979 ) .

Clinical factors relating to hypercholesterolaemia are similar to those for hypertriglyceridaemia and include obesity , poor diabetic control , increasing age , sex and type of diabetes .
clinical factors relating to hypercholesterolaemia are similar to those for hypertriglyceridaemia and include obesity , poor diabetic control , [raising] age , sex and type of diabetes .

In both the Whitehall and Hawaiian Studies ( Fuller et al , 1980 ; Yano et al , 1982 ) , increasing serum cholesterol levels carried a higher coronary disease mortality but multivariate analysis did not demonstrate serum cholesterol as an independent risk factor in either report .
in both the whitehall and hawaiian studies ( fuller et al , 1980 ; yano et al , 1982 ) , [raising] serum cholesterol levels carried a higher coronary disease mortality but multivariate analysis did not demonstrate serum cholesterol as an independent risk factor in either report .

If hypercholesterolaemia is a persisting problem then the anion-exchange resins , cholestyramine or colestipol , may be effective in lowering serum cholesterol by increasing the excretion of bile salts .
if hypercholesterolaemia is a persisting problem then the anion-exchange resins , cholestyramine or colestipol , may be effective in lowering serum cholesterol by [raising] the excretion of bile salts .

The canalicular system consists of tortuous invaginations of the platelet wall running through the platelet cytoplasm and therefore greatly increasing the total surface area of platelet/ plasma contact ( Behnke , 1970 ) .
the canalicular system consists of tortuous invaginations of the platelet wall running through the platelet cytoplasm and therefore greatly [raising] the total surface area of platelet/ plasma contact ( behnke , 1970 ) .

Over recent years there has been increasing interest in these widely distributed and biologically important compounds , and their importance in platelet biochemistry and platelet-vessel wall interactions has been emphasised .
over recent years there has been [raising] interest in these widely distributed and biologically important compounds , and their importance in platelet biochemistry and platelet-vessel wall interactions has been emphasised .

In man prostacyclin infusion inhibited platelet aggregation measured ex vivo at a threshold dosage of 2 ng/kg/min , and with increasing doses there was increased inhibition of ADP-induced aggregation ( Fitzgerald et al , 1981 ) .
in man prostacyclin infusion inhibited platelet aggregation measured ex vivo at a threshold dosage of 2 ng/kg/min , and with [raising] doses there was increased inhibition of adp-induced aggregation ( fitzgerald et al , 1981 ) .

In addition to their apparent central role in the pathogenesis of the arterial thrombus , increasing interest has focussed on platelets and the coronary microcirculation with the finding of platelet aggregates in the coronary microcirculation in some cases of sudden cardiac death ( Haerem , 1972 ; El-Maraghi & Genton , 1980 ) .
in addition to their apparent central role in the pathogenesis of the arterial thrombus , [raising] interest has focussed on platelets and the coronary microcirculation with the finding of platelet aggregates in the coronary microcirculation in some cases of sudden cardiac death ( haerem , 1972 ; el-maraghi & genton , 1980 ) .

These findings have stimulated an increasing amount of research into the mechanisms involved yet the pathogenesis of thrombus formation remains to be clarified .
these findings have stimulated an [raising] amount of research into the mechanisms involved yet the pathogenesis of thrombus formation remains to be clarified .

Despite increasing numbers of research communications concerned with platelet function in the diabetic there remain many conflicting reports and unresolved questions .
despite [raising] numbers of research communications concerned with platelet function in the diabetic there remain many conflicting reports and unresolved questions .

The most common pitfall in managing insulin-requiring diabetes is to respond to elevated blood glucose levels by increasing the dose of insulin .
the most common pitfall in managing insulin-requiring diabetes is to respond to elevated blood glucose levels by [raising] the dose of insulin .

Certain key aspects need to be reviewed before increasing the dose of insulin , including diet , injection technique and condition of injection sites .
certain key aspects need to be reviewed before [raising] the dose of insulin , including diet , injection technique and condition of injection sites .

Metformin lowers blood glucose not by an effect on insulin secretion but by inhibiting hepatic gluconeogenesis , possibly increasing peripheral low-affinity insulin receptors , and it may exert a postreceptor effect ( Lord et al , 1983 ; Lockwood et al , 1984 ) .
metformin lowers blood glucose not by an effect on insulin secretion but by inhibiting hepatic gluconeogenesis , possibly [raising] peripheral low-affinity insulin receptors , and it may exert a postreceptor effect ( lord et al , 1983 ; lockwood et al , 1984 ) .

If an obese diabetic patient has poor glycaemic control with steady or increasing bodyweight , the explanation is one of noncompliance with diet .
if an obese diabetic patient has poor glycaemic control with steady or [raising] bodyweight , the explanation is one of noncompliance with diet .

However , if control is very poor in spite of a satisfactory diet with a single daily dose of c.50 units of insulin , it is better to consider two injections rather than increasing the dose .
however , if control is very poor in spite of a satisfactory diet with a single daily dose of c.50 units of insulin , it is better to consider two injections rather than [raising] the dose .

The gas accumulated in these reservoirs has been generated mainly during the late Mesozoic and the Cainozoic , due to an increasing subsidence and associated additional heating of the coal bearing Upper Carboniferous .
the gas accumulated in these reservoirs has been generated mainly during the late mesozoic and the cainozoic , due to an [raising] subsidence and associated additional heating of the coal bearing upper carboniferous .

Note the gradual slope of the Top Carboniferous from its outcrop in the south down below an increasing cover with Cretaceous sediments towards the north within the Münsterland .
note the gradual slope of the top carboniferous from its outcrop in the south down below an [raising] cover with cretaceous sediments towards the north within the münsterland .

In the first , the thermal history of a source rock is simulated by heating an immature sample for increasing time and/or temperature .
in the first , the thermal history of a source rock is simulated by heating an immature sample for [raising] time and/or temperature .

In this study an alternative approach was followed whereby the remaining gas-generating potential is assessed for a series of coal samples of increasing natural maturity .
in this study an alternative approach was followed whereby the remaining gas-generating potential is assessed for a series of coal samples of [raising] natural maturity .

From core measurements made under ‘ room conditions ’ porosity visibly decreases with increasing depth .
from core measurements made under ‘ room conditions ’ porosity visibly decreases with [raising] depth .

With increasing depth of burial , formation of illite and sericite is intensified .
with [raising] depth of burial , formation of illite and sericite is intensified .

It was apparent that the presence of micro-cracks and the effect of increasing overburden had to be taken into account ( Figs .
it was apparent that the presence of micro-cracks and the effect of [raising] overburden had to be taken into account ( figs .

Keeping information up to date was considered to be difficult due to the increasing number of information sources , and the fact that only certain sections of documents might be superseded by new information .
keeping information up to date was considered to be difficult due to the [raising] number of information sources , and the fact that only certain sections of documents might be superseded by new information .

It may also be observed that , with the positive signs in ( 10.24 ) and ( 10.25 ) , f and g are increasing functions that are inconsistent with ( 7.13 ) .
it may also be observed that , with the positive signs in ( 10.24 ) and ( 10.25 ) , f and g are [raising] functions that are inconsistent with ( 7.13 ) .

Cash limits have prompted increasing efforts to determine the sources of particular expenditure , and there have been initiatives in the financial area whether to improve collection of descriptive information or on cost-effectiveness programmes .
cash limits have prompted [raising] efforts to determine the sources of particular expenditure , and there have been initiatives in the financial area whether to improve collection of descriptive information or on cost-effectiveness programmes .

there is increased liberality in interpretation in several texts , but they can mostly be traced back to the increasing imperial intervention in trust cases from the time of Marcus Aurelius .
there is increased liberality in interpretation in several texts , but they can mostly be traced back to the [raising] imperial intervention in trust cases from the time of marcus aurelius .

It can be seen that a long list of students ( or any other units ) could be used for a random sample by this means simply by numbering from beginning to end , and this could be done with an automatic increasing numbering stamp .
it can be seen that a long list of students ( or any other units ) could be used for a random sample by this means simply by numbering from beginning to end , and this could be done with an automatic [raising] numbering stamp .

Do this exercise three times and then increasing over a period of three weeks to six times .
do this exercise three times and then [raising] over a period of three weeks to six times .

Whilst the attention paid to foreign languages in this country is increasing , it is nothing like the importance of English abroad .
whilst the attention paid to foreign languages in this country is [raising] , it is nothing like the importance of english abroad .

Our Western pre-occupation with concrete , plastic , silicon chips and nuclear bombs is causing increasing numbers to retreat to the simple life of nature .
our western pre-occupation with concrete , plastic , silicon chips and nuclear bombs is causing [raising] numbers to retreat to the simple life of nature .

The Evangelical Alliance , representing more than a million Christians of all denominations , was so concerned over the increasing problems created by the occult that it published Doorways to Danger .
the evangelical alliance , representing more than a million christians of all denominations , was so concerned over the [raising] problems created by the occult that it published doorways to danger .

They can advertise nationally , increasing sales
they can advertise nationally , [raising] sales

Layout and design can make a great difference in increasing sales .
layout and design can make a great difference in [raising] sales .

State three ways of increasing sales .
state three ways of [raising] sales .

Increasing sales
[raising] sales

It 's no use increasing sales by £500 if the campaign itself cost £1000 !
it 's no use [raising] sales by £500 if the campaign itself cost £1000 !

The conclusion on predators is therefore that they have minimal effects on small mammal populations when numbers are high , that they have no braking effect when numbers are increasing , that they may have some effect when numbers are declining , but their major effect is when numbers are low , when they may also delay the recovery phase of the population cycle ( Southern , 1979 ) .
the conclusion on predators is therefore that they have minimal effects on small mammal populations when numbers are high , that they have no braking effect when numbers are [raising] , that they may have some effect when numbers are declining , but their major effect is when numbers are low , when they may also delay the recovery phase of the population cycle ( southern , 1979 ) .

Predation has greatest impact on small mammal populations when they are low or in decline and less impact when populations are increasing .
predation has greatest impact on small mammal populations when they are low or in decline and less impact when populations are [raising] .

3.3 ) , and the numbers of isolated teeth are also greater , indicating increasing bone destruction of the jaws .
3.3 ) , and the numbers of isolated teeth are also greater , indicating [raising] bone destruction of the jaws .

By 1855 there were 17 engines in steam increasing to 22 by 1866 .
by 1855 there were 17 engines in steam [raising] to 22 by 1866 .

That change will take a long time , and be accompanied by increasing turbulence .
that change will take a long time , and be accompanied by [raising] turbulence .

The major line of development of the College has thus been its transformation from a teaching school attached to an equine infirmary , to a fully fledged university school in which teaching at undergraduate level and research of high standing encompass the whole range of domesticated animals , and where postgraduate courses meet the increasing demands of specialisation in such subjects as animal health , pathology and laboratory animal science .
the major line of development of the college has thus been its transformation from a teaching school attached to an equine infirmary , to a fully fledged university school in which teaching at undergraduate level and research of high standing encompass the whole range of domesticated animals , and where postgraduate courses meet the [raising] demands of specialisation in such subjects as animal health , pathology and laboratory animal science .

Indeed for a number of meetings there was an exchange of views about education , training and industry and increasing concern about whether partnership added anything to previous links , replaced them , or was simply another talking shop .
indeed for a number of meetings there was an exchange of views about education , training and industry and [raising] concern about whether partnership added anything to previous links , replaced them , or was simply another talking shop .

Recent years have seen an increasing emphasis on the importance of inspection as a means of securing quality performance .
recent years have seen an [raising] emphasis on the importance of inspection as a means of securing quality performance .

One of the reasons for increasing public concern about odours is because industry of all types , from animal husbandry to chemical plants has had to become more concentrated because of ‘ economies of scale ’ , and the chemical industry in particular has also extended its range of manufactured chemicals .
one of the reasons for [raising] public concern about odours is because industry of all types , from animal husbandry to chemical plants has had to become more concentrated because of ‘ economies of scale ’ , and the chemical industry in particular has also extended its range of manufactured chemicals .

The use of ozone as a reactant in absorption systems is relatively new but one increasing in popularity as it reportedly requires lower dose rates and reaction times , is less susceptible to changes in water temperature and acidity or alkalinity and produces no harmful by-products .
the use of ozone as a reactant in absorption systems is relatively new but one [raising] in popularity as it reportedly requires lower dose rates and reaction times , is less susceptible to changes in water temperature and acidity or alkalinity and produces no harmful by-products .

Since we all experience all four life-positions at different times and in different situations we can at least increase the frequency of OKness . Two practical tips for increasing the probability of OKness in your relationships with others are :
since we all experience all four life-positions at different times and in different situations we can at least increase the frequency of okness . two practical tips for [raising] the probability of okness in your relationships with others are :

John Dearlove has neatly summarized the dominant views of the period : ‘ Most commentators have described the system as democratic , inefficient , subject to massive and increasing central control , and dominated by councillors ( and officers ) of declining calibre ’ ( 1979 , p. 22 ) .
john dearlove has neatly summarized the dominant views of the period : ‘ most commentators have described the system as democratic , inefficient , subject to massive and [raising] central control , and dominated by councillors ( and officers ) of declining calibre ’ ( 1979 , p. 22 ) .

increasing the size of local authorities so that they could undertake strategic tasks and attract a higher ‘ calibre ’ of officer and councillor
[raising] the size of local authorities so that they could undertake strategic tasks and attract a higher ‘ calibre ’ of officer and councillor

Those councils which wanted to could make up for lost grant by increasing rate levels , and many did so , so that overall levels of spending did not fall significantly .
those councils which wanted to could make up for lost grant by [raising] rate levels , and many did so , so that overall levels of spending did not fall significantly .

The impact of cuts was dulled by a return to the use of rates as a source of funds and , in some cases , a shift to increasing income from charges .
the impact of cuts was dulled by a return to the use of rates as a source of funds and , in some cases , a shift to [raising] income from charges .

In addition , increasing staffing levels is said to make it more likely that successful coalitions can be developed at local level to push for higher levels of spending , so that the process of expenditure growth becomes self-perpetuating ( for example , Tullock , 1977 , p. 285 ) .
in addition , [raising] staffing levels is said to make it more likely that successful coalitions can be developed at local level to push for higher levels of spending , so that the process of expenditure growth becomes self-perpetuating ( for example , tullock , 1977 , p. 285 ) .

Before we go on to consider these studies of local politics , think about other major economic and social changes that have taken place within Britain since the mid-1970s — such as deindustrialization , or the large increase in home ownership . Would you expect these to be accompanied by an increasing diversity of local political activity ? If so , why should this be the case ? What form would you expect such local politics to take ? Should they necessarily be restricted to electoral variations , or even to activity around state institutions such as local government ?
before we go on to consider these studies of local politics , think about other major economic and social changes that have taken place within britain since the mid-1970s — such as deindustrialization , or the large increase in home ownership . would you expect these to be accompanied by an [raising] diversity of local political activity ? if so , why should this be the case ? what form would you expect such local politics to take ? should they necessarily be restricted to electoral variations , or even to activity around state institutions such as local government ?

But this increased local differentiation cuts across party lines , and especially within the Conservative and Labour parties there has been an increasing ideological polarization , which , though denied expression in the tightly controlled atmosphere of Westminster , often surfaces at the local level .
but this increased local differentiation cuts across party lines , and especially within the conservative and labour parties there has been an [raising] ideological polarization , which , though denied expression in the tightly controlled atmosphere of westminster , often surfaces at the local level .

Although radical politics of this kind remain in the minority , for both left and right , their development means that councils can experience large changes in their policies whilst remaining under the control of the same party - so increasing political variation at the local level .
although radical politics of this kind remain in the minority , for both left and right , their development means that councils can experience large changes in their policies whilst remaining under the control of the same party - so [raising] political variation at the local level .

Secondly , the imposition of centrally determined standards of provision coupled with a public demand for equality in local services was supposed to have led to an increasing uniformity in service provision .
secondly , the imposition of centrally determined standards of provision coupled with a public demand for equality in local services was supposed to have led to an [raising] uniformity in service provision .

And , thirdly , he presented the notion that this increasing state intervention and action at the local urban level inevitably ‘ politicizes ’ the provision of collective consumption and leads to the development of political activity expressed as ‘ urban social movements ’ .
and , thirdly , he presented the notion that this [raising] state intervention and action at the local urban level inevitably ‘ politicizes ’ the provision of collective consumption and leads to the development of political activity expressed as ‘ urban social movements ’ .

Until 1980 local economic strategies took their place among the many uncontested , bipartisan policies of local government , although with the recession and the ‘ de-industrialization ’ of Britain this was an expanding activity for an increasing number of local authorities .
until 1980 local economic strategies took their place among the many uncontested , bipartisan policies of local government , although with the recession and the ‘ de-industrialization ’ of britain this was an expanding activity for an [raising] number of local authorities .

This new coalition may not , however , be strong enough to last in the face of increasing economic decline and continued cut-backs in local authority expenditure .
this new coalition may not , however , be strong enough to last in the face of [raising] economic decline and continued cut-backs in local authority expenditure .

increasing pupil numbers attracting funds and thereby securing staff jobs .
[raising] pupil numbers attracting funds and thereby securing staff jobs .

Given the increasing number of changes that schools are having to make , the process of change is likely to feel more manageable if it is managed .
given the [raising] number of changes that schools are having to make , the process of change is likely to feel more manageable if it is managed .

In the future it is likely that an increasing number of services to schools will be contracted-out and any approach to whole-school planning must take this into account .
in the future it is likely that an [raising] number of services to schools will be contracted-out and any approach to whole-school planning must take this into account .

Since 1974 there has been increasing evidence of party politics intervening in local elections , with local-authority-wide campaigns being fought on national policy programmes .
since 1974 there has been [raising] evidence of party politics intervening in local elections , with local-authority-wide campaigns being fought on national policy programmes .

Some have taken the view that the increasing centralisation of policy control by government , and the devolution of responsibility to schools and colleges , accompanied by a range of alternative provision such as grant-maintained schools and city technology colleges , has all but made LEAs redundant .
some have taken the view that the [raising] centralisation of policy control by government , and the devolution of responsibility to schools and colleges , accompanied by a range of alternative provision such as grant-maintained schools and city technology colleges , has all but made leas redundant .

The involvement of an increasing number of staff in financial planning is another interesting area .
the involvement of an [raising] number of staff in financial planning is another interesting area .

‘ The Worm has this enormous power , and it 's increasing .
‘ the worm has this enormous power , and it 's [raising] .

Mergers may lead to economies of scale and increasing economic efficiency as well as creating business units of the necessary size and strength to compete on equal terms with the largest companies outside the Community .
mergers may lead to economies of scale and [raising] economic efficiency as well as creating business units of the necessary size and strength to compete on equal terms with the largest companies outside the community .

The dismantling of internal frontiers can be expected to result in major corporate reorganisations in the Community , particularly in the form of concentrations … Such a development must be welcomed as being in line with the requirements of dynamic competition and capable of increasing the competitiveness of European industry , improving the conditions of growth and raising the standard of living in the Community … It must be ensured that the process of reorganisation does not result in lasting damage to competition [ and ] Community law must therefore include provisions governing those concentrations which may impede effective competition in the common market or in a substantial part of it .
the dismantling of internal frontiers can be expected to result in major corporate reorganisations in the community , particularly in the form of concentrations … such a development must be welcomed as being in line with the requirements of dynamic competition and capable of [raising] the competitiveness of european industry , improving the conditions of growth and raising the standard of living in the community … it must be ensured that the process of reorganisation does not result in lasting damage to competition [ and ] community law must therefore include provisions governing those concentrations which may impede effective competition in the common market or in a substantial part of it .

They Join the increasing number of people who regularly try to get fit and fail .
they join the [raising] number of people who regularly try to get fit and fail .

In 1990 more than 25 new diet books were launched and the market is increasing .
in 1990 more than 25 new diet books were launched and the market is [raising] .

Our bodies already use the muscles required to walk , so it is simply a question of increasing the duration and then the intensity of our walking in order to build up to the fitness level that we require .
our bodies already use the muscles required to walk , so it is simply a question of [raising] the duration and then the intensity of our walking in order to build up to the fitness level that we require .

And it is this regular aerobic routine that speeds up the body by increasing its metabolic rate and gives it the ability to shed those extra pounds .
and it is this regular aerobic routine that speeds up the body by [raising] its metabolic rate and gives it the ability to shed those extra pounds .

Aerobic walking will help change your body composition by increasing the amount of muscle tissue compared with fat tissue .
aerobic walking will help change your body composition by [raising] the amount of muscle tissue compared with fat tissue .

My respect for you is increasing by the hour .
my respect for you is [raising] by the hour .

But there were ways of increasing her contact with Corrie .
but there were ways of [raising] her contact with corrie .

Increasing demands for higher availability of the aircraft .
[raising] demands for higher availability of the aircraft .

The development cost of the system is negligible compared to the saving achieved by increasing the aircraft availability due to fast/reliable and consistent diagnosis of complex failures/faults .
the development cost of the system is negligible compared to the saving achieved by [raising] the aircraft availability due to fast/reliable and consistent diagnosis of complex failures/faults .

Increasing Maintenance Workload
[raising] maintenance workload

The increasing size and complexity of the aircraft maintenance workload coupled with limited availability of resources to meet this commitment provide the catalyst to seek improved efficiency from aircraft maintenance organisations .
the [raising] size and complexity of the aircraft maintenance workload coupled with limited availability of resources to meet this commitment provide the catalyst to seek improved efficiency from aircraft maintenance organisations .

The rotor blades began their increasing chop as De Vere Green ran in under them and shook hands , just the once , with Lawton .
the rotor blades began their [raising] chop as de vere green ran in under them and shook hands , just the once , with lawton .

They left the superstructure and moved slowly and carefully along the starlit open deck , the increasing wind hammering and buffeting at their bodies .
they left the superstructure and moved slowly and carefully along the starlit open deck , the [raising] wind hammering and buffeting at their bodies .

At the surface of the milky-looking gas he paused , and looked back up at the three masked faces , conscious all the while of the increasing rhythm of his breathing .
at the surface of the milky-looking gas he paused , and looked back up at the three masked faces , conscious all the while of the [raising] rhythm of his breathing .

Delaney pushed him back , slowly at first , then with increasing ease , carrying on as he rolled over the top .
delaney pushed him back , slowly at first , then with [raising] ease , carrying on as he rolled over the top .

They had regenerated with incredible speed , comparable with that of a bacteria colony increasing in a lab dish — doubling itself within hours .
they had regenerated with incredible speed , comparable with that of a bacteria colony [raising] in a lab dish — doubling itself within hours .

Ossett today demonstrates that sturdy individuality in an increasing variety of businesses and services as well as their new centre of Wellgate .
ossett today demonstrates that sturdy individuality in an [raising] variety of businesses and services as well as their new centre of wellgate .

Six months to a year of squeeze control leads to intercourse no more frequently than once a week , increasing as the problem subsides .
six months to a year of squeeze control leads to intercourse no more frequently than once a week , [raising] as the problem subsides .

They both need to learn to work in a more advanced outline , by increasing their hock engagement which will lead to lightness of their forehand and better selfcarriage .
they both need to learn to work in a more advanced outline , by [raising] their hock engagement which will lead to lightness of their forehand and better selfcarriage .

Encourage him to attack it enthusiastically but without losing rhythm or increasing speed .
encourage him to attack it enthusiastically but without losing rhythm or [raising] speed .

The horse therefore must have a mechanism to remove this excess heat build-up to prevent his body temperature increasing with fatal results .
the horse therefore must have a mechanism to remove this excess heat build-up to prevent his body temperature [raising] with fatal results .

In business the objective if you sell goods is to keep selling more goods ; if you lend money , to keep lending money and increase ever increasing targets .
in business the objective if you sell goods is to keep selling more goods ; if you lend money , to keep lending money and increase ever [raising] targets .

This was the voice of a separate business activity , the credit industry , for which money-lending was conducted to make its own profit , not just as a means of increasing the sales of the company who employed it as part of its marketing .
this was the voice of a separate business activity , the credit industry , for which money-lending was conducted to make its own profit , not just as a means of [raising] the sales of the company who employed it as part of its marketing .

Their problem was not an increasing percentage of defaulters , but the same percentage owing more .
their problem was not an [raising] percentage of defaulters , but the same percentage owing more .

‘ Underlying factors which affected the growth in arrears and repossessions ’ , stated the Office of Fair Trading , ‘ were increasing unemployment , relaxation of building society lending criteria , competition in the mortgage market and easier availability of credit .
‘ underlying factors which affected the growth in arrears and repossessions ’ , stated the office of fair trading , ‘ were [raising] unemployment , relaxation of building society lending criteria , competition in the mortgage market and easier availability of credit .

In such cases borrowers with repayment rather than endowment mortgages might be allowed to extend the length of their mortgage instead of increasing the payments .
in such cases borrowers with repayment rather than endowment mortgages might be allowed to extend the length of their mortgage instead of [raising] the payments .

In the study which Teresa Hinton and Richard Berthoud made of Money Advice Services , they showed how much the development had been a response to the increasing demands for help at a local level .
in the study which teresa hinton and richard berthoud made of money advice services , they showed how much the development had been a response to the [raising] demands for help at a local level .

There seem to be more people with the same idea , as the number of bowyers listed in the appropriate journals is increasing each year .
there seem to be more people with the same idea , as the number of bowyers listed in the appropriate journals is [raising] each year .

Some of the archers thought that if the competition were restricted to longbows it would die out but , after a decrease when the steel bows first appeared , the number of longbows at the Scorton shoot is steadily increasing .
some of the archers thought that if the competition were restricted to longbows it would die out but , after a decrease when the steel bows first appeared , the number of longbows at the scorton shoot is steadily [raising] .

In 1979 , however , with the number of entries rapidly increasing ( there were over 200 in 1987 ) it was felt it would be safer to have a circular fixed route .
in 1979 , however , with the number of entries rapidly [raising] ( there were over 200 in 1987 ) it was felt it would be safer to have a circular fixed route .

Mostly , it has negative effects , enabling the richer nations to race away with an increasing share of the world 's economic wealth , often ‘ earned ’ by exploiting the resources of the poor nations ( see p. 226 ) .
mostly , it has negative effects , enabling the richer nations to race away with an [raising] share of the world 's economic wealth , often ‘ earned ’ by exploiting the resources of the poor nations ( see p. 226 ) .

Recently , there has been increasing activity in the search for long-acting contraceptives .
recently , there has been [raising] activity in the search for long-acting contraceptives .

New areas of research include improving plants ' photo synthetic efficiency , increasing their uptake of nutrients and water , and reducing farmers ' dependence on synthetic fertilisers and chemical pesticides .
new areas of research include improving plants ' photo synthetic efficiency , [raising] their uptake of nutrients and water , and reducing farmers ' dependence on synthetic fertilisers and chemical pesticides .

At the University of Ghana , Dr Samuel Sefa-Dedeh has been looking at ways of increasing the productivity of grain legumes in the tropics .
at the university of ghana , dr samuel sefa-dedeh has been looking at ways of [raising] the productivity of grain legumes in the tropics .

The increasing use of manures and fertilisers in farmland means that the problem is getting worse .
the [raising] use of manures and fertilisers in farmland means that the problem is getting worse .

Indeed , this sort of habitat covers an estimated 400 000 hectares in England and Wales , and is probably increasing .
indeed , this sort of habitat covers an estimated 400 000 hectares in england and wales , and is probably [raising] .

The encroachment of urban sprawl on the countryside may be cause for regret , but we are a nation of gardeners , and the English passion for gardening goes some way to ameliorate the impact of an increasing population on a small crowded island .
the encroachment of urban sprawl on the countryside may be cause for regret , but we are a nation of gardeners , and the english passion for gardening goes some way to ameliorate the impact of an [raising] population on a small crowded island .

Increasing longevity and low birth rates ( 1.7 children per woman ) also mean that fewer young workers will enter the labour force in coming years .
[raising] longevity and low birth rates ( 1.7 children per woman ) also mean that fewer young workers will enter the labour force in coming years .

Now , the directorate 's chief , Helge Vikan , claims wolves are increasing , that they total 18 animals , and that a viable , breeding population may already exist near Vegarshei .
now , the directorate 's chief , helge vikan , claims wolves are [raising] , that they total 18 animals , and that a viable , breeding population may already exist near vegarshei .

Control authorities may respond by increasing the dose of insecticide , but they run the risk of exceeding ‘ safe ’ dosages and increasing environmental contamination .
control authorities may respond by [raising] the dose of insecticide , but they run the risk of exceeding ‘ safe ’ dosages and [raising] environmental contamination .

Both effects can be exploited to separate isotopes — for example in enriching uranium by increasing the ratio of uranium 238 compared with uranium 235 , although the first is currently the most used for large-scale enrichment .
both effects can be exploited to separate isotopes — for example in enriching uranium by [raising] the ratio of uranium 238 compared with uranium 235 , although the first is currently the most used for large-scale enrichment .

Giberellic acid causes cells to elongate by increasing the uptake of water , and so the leaves took the water form .
giberellic acid causes cells to elongate by [raising] the uptake of water , and so the leaves took the water form .

These use magnetic fields to force electrons to ‘ wobble ’ as they speed along , increasing the intensity of the light .
these use magnetic fields to force electrons to ‘ wobble ’ as they speed along , [raising] the intensity of the light .

Ventilated improved pits : One of the oldest and cheaper forms of sanitation , the pit latrine can be upgraded by increasing ventilation .
ventilated improved pits : one of the oldest and cheaper forms of sanitation , the pit latrine can be upgraded by [raising] ventilation .

The subject of the effect of acid rain on the environment ( Forum , 24 February , p 535 ) has received increasing recognition and it certainly behoves those with influence to reduce the quantity of sulphur compounds being released into the atmosphere .
the subject of the effect of acid rain on the environment ( forum , 24 february , p 535 ) has received [raising] recognition and it certainly behoves those with influence to reduce the quantity of sulphur compounds being released into the atmosphere .

When a solid which contains electric charges , produced by the presence of impurities in the crystal lattice , is subjected to a steadily increasing pressure , it will give a short-lived pulse of electricity — a transient electric current — well before it ruptures .
when a solid which contains electric charges , produced by the presence of impurities in the crystal lattice , is subjected to a steadily [raising] pressure , it will give a short-lived pulse of electricity — a transient electric current — well before it ruptures .

There are 5000 collapses and blockages every year in England and Wales and , says the Water Research Centre , the number will carry on increasing in the coming decades .
there are 5000 collapses and blockages every year in england and wales and , says the water research centre , the number will carry on [raising] in the coming decades .

Some parasites of insect eggs , for instance , can stop a small population of pests from increasing , so application of a pesticide has to he timed according to the number of the larvae of the pests rather than the number of their eggs .
some parasites of insect eggs , for instance , can stop a small population of pests from [raising] , so application of a pesticide has to he timed according to the number of the larvae of the pests rather than the number of their eggs .

Above all , increasing attempts are being made to provide the lay visitor , if he or she so desires , with a genuinely worthwhile educational experience .
above all , [raising] attempts are being made to provide the lay visitor , if he or she so desires , with a genuinely worthwhile educational experience .

In recent years , more and more science museums have been trying to meet the dual challenge of increasing their popularity and enhancing their educational provision .
in recent years , more and more science museums have been trying to meet the dual challenge of [raising] their popularity and enhancing their educational provision .

While some museums have courted popularity at the expense of educational considerations , an increasing number of museums are now trying to meet both challenges at once .
while some museums have courted popularity at the expense of educational considerations , an [raising] number of museums are now trying to meet both challenges at once .

First of all , we can note that there is nowadays an increasing emphasis on the idea of ‘ life-long education ’ — that is to say education that continues through the whole of adulthood .
first of all , we can note that there is nowadays an [raising] emphasis on the idea of ‘ life-long education ’ — that is to say education that continues through the whole of adulthood .

There are an increasing number of surveys which have looked at individuals over a period of time .
there are an [raising] number of surveys which have looked at individuals over a period of time .

As time goes by it is likely to find itself under increasing pressure , for the glossy men are now moving into the petrology field too .
as time goes by it is likely to find itself under [raising] pressure , for the glossy men are now moving into the petrology field too .

Livingston 's latest results are already telling us something new ; he has found that the Sun 's temperature ( and thus brightness ) reached a minimum in the summer of 1981 , but has been gradually increasing since then .
livingston 's latest results are already telling us something new ; he has found that the sun 's temperature ( and thus brightness ) reached a minimum in the summer of 1981 , but has been gradually [raising] since then .

He devotes one chapter of the book to each of these trends : 1 ) from an industrial society to an information society ; 2 ) from forced technology to high tech/high touch ( this typical jargon describes the increasing importance of human , social and spiritual responses to advanced technology ) ; 3 ) from national economic concerns to world economic concerns ; 4 ) from short-term thinking to long-term thinking and planning ; 5 ) from centralisation to decentralisation ; 6 ) from institutional help to self-help ; 7 ) from representative democracy to participatory democracy ; 8 ) from hierarchies to networking ; 9 ) from north to south ( within the United States ) ; and 10 ) from either-or to multiple options .
he devotes one chapter of the book to each of these trends : 1 ) from an industrial society to an information society ; 2 ) from forced technology to high tech/high touch ( this typical jargon describes the [raising] importance of human , social and spiritual responses to advanced technology ) ; 3 ) from national economic concerns to world economic concerns ; 4 ) from short-term thinking to long-term thinking and planning ; 5 ) from centralisation to decentralisation ; 6 ) from institutional help to self-help ; 7 ) from representative democracy to participatory democracy ; 8 ) from hierarchies to networking ; 9 ) from north to south ( within the united states ) ; and 10 ) from either-or to multiple options .

The Stanford School of Medicine ( which has some 8000 animals in stock ) and the University of California-San Francisco claim that ‘ the legislation creates a great irony by increasing the number of animals which each year will be euthanased instead of being transferred to research facilities .
the stanford school of medicine ( which has some 8000 animals in stock ) and the university of california-san francisco claim that ‘ the legislation creates a great irony by [raising] the number of animals which each year will be euthanased instead of being transferred to research facilities .

By the early 1970s the increasing demand for higher education forced the government to lay down a new structure for higher education , embodied in the Hochschulrahrnengesetz .
by the early 1970s the [raising] demand for higher education forced the government to lay down a new structure for higher education , embodied in the hochschulrahrnengesetz .

It got off the ground in Berlin in 1982 despite an atmosphere of increasing pressure on funds for all forms of higher education in Berlin as elsewhere in West Germany .
it got off the ground in berlin in 1982 despite an atmosphere of [raising] pressure on funds for all forms of higher education in berlin as elsewhere in west germany .

In a organ size is increasing roughly at the same rate as body size : the slope of the continuous line thus is about 1 , which denotes isometry , rather than allometry .
in a organ size is [raising] roughly at the same rate as body size : the slope of the continuous line thus is about 1 , which denotes isometry , rather than allometry .

There have been increasing reports of people who have applied to emigrate receiving final rejections — 43 instances are known .
there have been [raising] reports of people who have applied to emigrate receiving final rejections — 43 instances are known .

Measures such as increasing the amount of natural light , and relying more on ‘ local ’ fittings could do the trick , the establishment believes .
measures such as [raising] the amount of natural light , and relying more on ‘ local ’ fittings could do the trick , the establishment believes .

An additional factor is the increasing popularity or cremation .
an additional factor is the [raising] popularity or cremation .

Dr Howells and Dr Unsworth said when asked the inevitable MPs ' question about the price , that for £500 million spent between now and the end of the century we could reduce toxic emissions , by half , at the cost of increasing the price of electricity by 15 per cent .
dr howells and dr unsworth said when asked the inevitable mps ' question about the price , that for £500 million spent between now and the end of the century we could reduce toxic emissions , by half , at the cost of [raising] the price of electricity by 15 per cent .

In recent years other radio astronomers in Cambridge and New Mexico have pinned down the positions of previously unidentified galaxies with increasing accuracy .
in recent years other radio astronomers in cambridge and new mexico have pinned down the positions of previously unidentified galaxies with [raising] accuracy .

By thus increasing the time interval between successive poisonings , the owls can reduce labour and material costs and lessen the impact of pesticides on the environment as a whole .
by thus [raising] the time interval between successive poisonings , the owls can reduce labour and material costs and lessen the impact of pesticides on the environment as a whole .

The volume of high and intermediate-level waste is increasing rapidly .
the volume of high and intermediate-level waste is [raising] rapidly .

His first Philippines gasifier model was made in 1967 ; and through the 1970s his research has resulted in a series of models of increasing practicality , simplicity and cheapness .
his first philippines gasifier model was made in 1967 ; and through the 1970s his research has resulted in a series of models of [raising] practicality , simplicity and cheapness .

In 1730 the population numbered 38 000 ; in 1830 it was 51 500 ; increasing to 147 500 by 1900 ; 201 500 in 1960 and marginally under 300 000 today .
in 1730 the population numbered 38 000 ; in 1830 it was 51 500 ; [raising] to 147 500 by 1900 ; 201 500 in 1960 and marginally under 300 000 today .

The ultimate culprit , the scientists believe , may be the estuary 's ever increasing supply of nutrients .
the ultimate culprit , the scientists believe , may be the estuary 's ever [raising] supply of nutrients .

Nitrate concentrations in rainwater have been increasing for the past seven years .
nitrate concentrations in rainwater have been [raising] for the past seven years .

Over recent months , the Japanese and Us teams have been increasing the intensity of the forces they apply to building and model , and have been comparing the results .
over recent months , the japanese and us teams have been [raising] the intensity of the forces they apply to building and model , and have been comparing the results .

This was a solidly practical view of science , with Wolff setting himself clearly apart from researchers who interpret their role as increasing the store house of knowledge .
this was a solidly practical view of science , with wolff setting himself clearly apart from researchers who interpret their role as [raising] the store house of knowledge .

The increasing correlation in the mid-1970s is clear .
the [raising] correlation in the mid-1970s is clear .

Although it is well established from modern observations that the methane content of the atmosphere is increasing at a rate of 1.7 per cent per year , about 600 billion kg , accurate measurements go back only 15 years .
although it is well established from modern observations that the methane content of the atmosphere is [raising] at a rate of 1.7 per cent per year , about 600 billion kg , accurate measurements go back only 15 years .

With increasing costs and generally static science budgets , international collaboration has become the order of the decade .
with [raising] costs and generally static science budgets , international collaboration has become the order of the decade .

Increasing the number of squares allowed gives one considerably greater freedom .
[raising] the number of squares allowed gives one considerably greater freedom .

With increasing pressure for storage space , today 's director faces a choice : keep the horns or replace them with more scientifically valuable material .
with [raising] pressure for storage space , today 's director faces a choice : keep the horns or replace them with more scientifically valuable material .

The massive computer giveaway is the most grandiose sign to date of the increasing involvement of the state 's high-tech industry with education .
the massive computer giveaway is the most grandiose sign to date of the [raising] involvement of the state 's high-tech industry with education .

Acceleration comes as the plates are made to overlap less , while deceleration is achieved by increasing the overlap .
acceleration comes as the plates are made to overlap less , while deceleration is achieved by [raising] the overlap .

Sony , the system 's developer , reckons that pictures carry more efficiently than print the increasing weight of information people have to assimilate .
sony , the system 's developer , reckons that pictures carry more efficiently than print the [raising] weight of information people have to assimilate .

The increasing prosperity of those humans that have remained in the countryside is also contributory .
the [raising] prosperity of those humans that have remained in the countryside is also contributory .

The early part of the present century was quiet in volcanic terms , and the warming might be explained as a result of dust clearing from the stratosphere , while the recent cooling trend coincides with increasing volcanic activity .
the early part of the present century was quiet in volcanic terms , and the warming might be explained as a result of dust clearing from the stratosphere , while the recent cooling trend coincides with [raising] volcanic activity .

Although tramway traffic was still increasing in 1930 much of the equipment was due for renewal .
although tramway traffic was still [raising] in 1930 much of the equipment was due for renewal .

So far 1000 of those people have attended seminars aimed at increasing their technological awareness .
so far 1000 of those people have attended seminars aimed at [raising] their technological awareness .

So even though more cow dung and crop-residues are available , people who have no land face increasing hardships .
so even though more cow dung and crop-residues are available , people who have no land face [raising] hardships .

Prescribing by general practitioners is increasing at the rate of 5 per cent per year , and is one of the fastest-growing sectors of the budget of the Department of Health and Social Security .
prescribing by general practitioners is [raising] at the rate of 5 per cent per year , and is one of the fastest-growing sectors of the budget of the department of health and social security .

Because of the ease of manufacture , an increasing number of so-called Cassegrain reflectors are being made to the Dall-Kirkham design .
because of the ease of manufacture , an [raising] number of so-called cassegrain reflectors are being made to the dall-kirkham design .

In its strict sense , biological control means the use of one plant or animal to control another and it exploits predator-prey and parasite-host relationships , either by introducing new predators and parasites or by artificially increasing the proportions of existing predators and parasites by their mass production and release .
in its strict sense , biological control means the use of one plant or animal to control another and it exploits predator-prey and parasite-host relationships , either by introducing new predators and parasites or by artificially [raising] the proportions of existing predators and parasites by their mass production and release .

Its tip can stay alive and grow for many days , thereby increasing its chances of meeting a host .
its tip can stay alive and grow for many days , thereby [raising] its chances of meeting a host .

Then , with the increasing impact of China , first on the Soviet bloc , then on the West , interest has blossomed .
then , with the [raising] impact of china , first on the soviet bloc , then on the west , interest has blossomed .

When a lymphocyte is presented with an antigen that fits its receptor as a key fits a lock , the lymphocyte is literally ‘ turned on ’ , with its metabolism rapidly increasing .
when a lymphocyte is presented with an antigen that fits its receptor as a key fits a lock , the lymphocyte is literally ‘ turned on ’ , with its metabolism rapidly [raising] .

The cell divides rapidly , increasing the numbers of cells with this identity exponentially .
the cell divides rapidly , [raising] the numbers of cells with this identity exponentially .

‘ Their origin will , however , become clear as soon as the number of neutrons produced can be increased by increasing currents and temperatures .
‘ their origin will , however , become clear as soon as the number of neutrons produced can be increased by [raising] currents and temperatures .

London Transport could get round this problem by increasing the power of its transmissions and blotting out foreign broadcasts .
london transport could get round this problem by [raising] the power of its transmissions and blotting out foreign broadcasts .

However , now other hazards are causing increasing concern .
however , now other hazards are causing [raising] concern .

’ As the cost of hardware continues to drop ( productivity is increasing at about 30 per cent per year in that industry ) individualised computer programming and time-sharing would become expensive relics , he told the conference .
’ as the cost of hardware continues to drop ( productivity is [raising] at about 30 per cent per year in that industry ) individualised computer programming and time-sharing would become expensive relics , he told the conference .

Garland surveyed literature for the running speeds of 107 diverse mammal species and discovered that the maximal speed tends to increase gradually with increasing body mass .
garland surveyed literature for the running speeds of 107 diverse mammal species and discovered that the maximal speed tends to increase gradually with [raising] body mass .

On the other hand , there is increasing evidence that many of the intellectual feats of our own species — language acquisition , Aristotelian logic , categorisation , pattern recognition , and the like — are themselves based on pre-existing wiring and storage .
on the other hand , there is [raising] evidence that many of the intellectual feats of our own species — language acquisition , aristotelian logic , categorisation , pattern recognition , and the like — are themselves based on pre-existing wiring and storage .

Oliver David and others demonstrated that penicillamine , a chelating agent whose main therapeutic action concerns its effect in increasing the loss of lead from the body , produced a curative effect on hyperactivity in children , comparable with that of methlyphenidate .
oliver david and others demonstrated that penicillamine , a chelating agent whose main therapeutic action concerns its effect in [raising] the loss of lead from the body , produced a curative effect on hyperactivity in children , comparable with that of methlyphenidate .

Their Kipling characteristics would surely have immediately attracted man 's attention , and he would soon have thought up other ways of increasing the frequency of such useful animals .
their kipling characteristics would surely have immediately attracted man 's attention , and he would soon have thought up other ways of [raising] the frequency of such useful animals .

Food chemists have investigated guar bread in the hopes of finding a palatable way of increasing the fibre in the diet of diabetics .
food chemists have investigated guar bread in the hopes of finding a palatable way of [raising] the fibre in the diet of diabetics .

However , the results — far from presenting a more ‘ acceptable ’ picture of English housing — bore out everything that housing experts had been warning the government about for the past few years of increasing housing cuts .
however , the results — far from presenting a more ‘ acceptable ’ picture of english housing — bore out everything that housing experts had been warning the government about for the past few years of [raising] housing cuts .

This increasing reluctance makes sense .
this [raising] reluctance makes sense .

Within ministries there is an increasing disposition to mount surveys into actual conditions in schools and opinions of parents and community leaders .
within ministries there is an [raising] disposition to mount surveys into actual conditions in schools and opinions of parents and community leaders .

The pattern observed in Uganda , Nigeria and Ghana represents the same trend — a gentle but firm assumption of increasing control by ministries of the policies and mechanisms of curriculum planning .
the pattern observed in uganda , nigeria and ghana represents the same trend — a gentle but firm assumption of [raising] control by ministries of the policies and mechanisms of curriculum planning .

Since the publication of ‘ Education for Self-Reliance ’ , the process of transforming these goals into curriculum plans and curriculum practice has been taking place , somewhat languidly at first , but with increasing momentum .
since the publication of ‘ education for self-reliance ’ , the process of transforming these goals into curriculum plans and curriculum practice has been taking place , somewhat languidly at first , but with [raising] momentum .

The first lies in increasing the efficiency of the curriculum development workers themselves through heightening their awareness of the growth points and problems in the schemes they are developing .
the first lies in [raising] the efficiency of the curriculum development workers themselves through heightening their awareness of the growth points and problems in the schemes they are developing .

There is increasing use of the mother tongue or local ‘ language of the market place ’ , as a medium of instruction , particularly in lower classes and consequently a movement , albeit slow and tentative , towards the development of a body of expertise in curriculum development and materials production in the mother tongue .
there is [raising] use of the mother tongue or local ‘ language of the market place ’ , as a medium of instruction , particularly in lower classes and consequently a movement , albeit slow and tentative , towards the development of a body of expertise in curriculum development and materials production in the mother tongue .

There is increasing emphasis on African musical tradition , including the making of musical instruments ( Uganda and Kenya ) and the gradual weakening of mission tradition based very largely on choral singing and religious music .
there is [raising] emphasis on african musical tradition , including the making of musical instruments ( uganda and kenya ) and the gradual weakening of mission tradition based very largely on choral singing and religious music .

‘ There 's plenty of evidence to show that getting a little puffed and increasing your heart rate is good for you .
‘ there 's plenty of evidence to show that getting a little puffed and [raising] your heart rate is good for you .

Because of the added pressures that often occur at work and in the family at midlife , people are particularly at risk of increasing their drinking at this stage .
because of the added pressures that often occur at work and in the family at midlife , people are particularly at risk of [raising] their drinking at this stage .

increasing freedom to make choices within a framework of secure guidelines
[raising] freedom to make choices within a framework of secure guidelines

Wise parents give their children increasing freedom to do so , in order that they may gain experience before the time comes for them to be fully responsible for the choices they make .
wise parents give their children [raising] freedom to do so , in order that they may gain experience before the time comes for them to be fully responsible for the choices they make .

When they make love , she can help by being patient and relaxed as well as responsive to any shared physical closeness , rather than increasing his anxiety to ‘ perform ’ satisfactorily .
when they make love , she can help by being patient and relaxed as well as responsive to any shared physical closeness , rather than [raising] his anxiety to ‘ perform ’ satisfactorily .

Amongst other things , the consultants recommended the adoption of a housing policy to cope with the increasing number of planning applications for private houses which were then coming from recently-arrived oil-workers and newly-prosperous Orcadians , as well as the likelihood of even more applications in the future .
amongst other things , the consultants recommended the adoption of a housing policy to cope with the [raising] number of planning applications for private houses which were then coming from recently-arrived oil-workers and newly-prosperous orcadians , as well as the likelihood of even more applications in the future .

The Second period is that which starts from the beginning of life and reaches onward to the time when the law of the survival of the fittest with its ruthlessness could no longer serve the aspirations towards increasing happiness that were beginning to creep into the dawning consciousness of primitive man .
the second period is that which starts from the beginning of life and reaches onward to the time when the law of the survival of the fittest with its ruthlessness could no longer serve the aspirations towards [raising] happiness that were beginning to creep into the dawning consciousness of primitive man .

Increasing numbers , increasing opportunities , and new ideas proved solvents of the old hierarchy ; and it is only towards the end of our period that a new type of hierarchy , with ideals and aspirations of a novel sophistication , was beginning once again to build walls round the classes of society .
[raising] numbers , [raising] opportunities , and new ideas proved solvents of the old hierarchy ; and it is only towards the end of our period that a new type of hierarchy , with ideals and aspirations of a novel sophistication , was beginning once again to build walls round the classes of society .

Were merchants and artisans increasing in numbers at the expense of other classes ?
were merchants and artisans [raising] in numbers at the expense of other classes ?

This gave both parties greater flexibility , while increasing their dependence on money .
this gave both parties greater flexibility , while [raising] their dependence on money .

Investigation of town plans reveals that many cities were growing at this time ; the records reveal increasing long-distance trade ; in the Mediterranean there was a growth of the commerce of the Italian cities so striking that Professor Lopez has labelled it and its northern counterpart ‘ the commercial revolution ’ .
investigation of town plans reveals that many cities were growing at this time ; the records reveal [raising] long-distance trade ; in the mediterranean there was a growth of the commerce of the italian cities so striking that professor lopez has labelled it and its northern counterpart ‘ the commercial revolution ’ .

In the later Middle Ages canonists and theologians came to see with increasing clarity some of the objections to this view ; and throughout the Middle Ages Christian money-lenders had their ways of evading it .
in the later middle ages canonists and theologians came to see with [raising] clarity some of the objections to this view ; and throughout the middle ages christian money-lenders had their ways of evading it .

The increasing numbers of monks in the tenth and eleventh centuries show that even before the papal reform the life of celibacy had a large number of devotees .
the [raising] numbers of monks in the tenth and eleventh centuries show that even before the papal reform the life of celibacy had a large number of devotees .

The new orders of the late eleventh and twelfth centuries attracted ever increasing numbers of recruits .
the new orders of the late eleventh and twelfth centuries attracted ever [raising] numbers of recruits .

The curia was taking on a new role , as the centre of a vast network of appeals ; increasing numbers from near and far came to Rome in search of judgement .
the curia was taking on a new role , as the centre of a vast network of appeals ; [raising] numbers from near and far came to rome in search of judgement .

The citizens were assisted by a body of slaves , and their wealth depended on their increasing hold over the trade of the eastern Mediterranean .
the citizens were assisted by a body of slaves , and their wealth depended on their [raising] hold over the trade of the eastern mediterranean .

In Third World countries , even or especially those only slightly affected by western economies , almost all active men and their wives and children are engaged in trade ; if we imagine the corn and wool from local sources , the oil and wine from further off , the spices from the Far East and the slaves from heaven-knows-where who filled the fairs and markets of Europe in increasing quantities in the eleventh and twelfth centuries — above all , if we contemplate the great stone buildings and recall the quarries whence came the stone — we can see that there is an immense effort here largely hidden from our eyes .
in third world countries , even or especially those only slightly affected by western economies , almost all active men and their wives and children are engaged in trade ; if we imagine the corn and wool from local sources , the oil and wine from further off , the spices from the far east and the slaves from heaven-knows-where who filled the fairs and markets of europe in [raising] quantities in the eleventh and twelfth centuries — above all , if we contemplate the great stone buildings and recall the quarries whence came the stone — we can see that there is an immense effort here largely hidden from our eyes .

These consisted largely of ministeriales , tenants originally unfree ( see p. 113 ) , who in Germany and the Low Countries were assuming increasing importance , and were to be found most frequently on royal and ecclesiastical territories , improving their status by regular military and administrative service .
these consisted largely of ministeriales , tenants originally unfree ( see p. 113 ) , who in germany and the low countries were assuming [raising] importance , and were to be found most frequently on royal and ecclesiastical territories , improving their status by regular military and administrative service .

To overcome these difficulties , kings made increasing use of money .
to overcome these difficulties , kings made [raising] use of money .

Yet the tradition of the Germanic tribes was that judgement should be pronounced by the whole body of freemen , by all the ‘ suitors ’ , all those who had the right and duty of regular attendance at the court ; and the jurisdiction of the old royal and popular courts was cut across here , there and everywhere by the numerous feudal courts erected in increasing numbers on the basis of royal grant or mere usurpation from the ninth century onwards , and in the eleventh and twelfth by the appearance of borough courts and town courts of various kinds and courts which merchants set up to handle their own problems , which could hardly be handled by the warrior president or the yokel suitors of a popular court .
yet the tradition of the germanic tribes was that judgement should be pronounced by the whole body of freemen , by all the ‘ suitors ’ , all those who had the right and duty of regular attendance at the court ; and the jurisdiction of the old royal and popular courts was cut across here , there and everywhere by the numerous feudal courts erected in [raising] numbers on the basis of royal grant or mere usurpation from the ninth century onwards , and in the eleventh and twelfth by the appearance of borough courts and town courts of various kinds and courts which merchants set up to handle their own problems , which could hardly be handled by the warrior president or the yokel suitors of a popular court .

However , by July there were signs of more serious trouble and City analysts believed that Eurotunnel might need a further £1bn to pay for a near tripling in the cost of the shuttle fleet and meet the rapidly increasing costs of labour and materials in South East England .
however , by july there were signs of more serious trouble and city analysts believed that eurotunnel might need a further £1bn to pay for a near tripling in the cost of the shuttle fleet and meet the rapidly [raising] costs of labour and materials in south east england .

However , increasing congestion in the airspace over southern England may alter the balance of advantage although this has yet to have much impact on scheduled flights .
however , [raising] congestion in the airspace over southern england may alter the balance of advantage although this has yet to have much impact on scheduled flights .

In January 1989 the Civil Aviation Authority 's study of the long term options for the use of airspace and airports in the South East painted a gloomy picture of increasing airport delays and flight cancellations in the absence of more runway capacity .
in january 1989 the civil aviation authority 's study of the long term options for the use of airspace and airports in the south east painted a gloomy picture of [raising] airport delays and flight cancellations in the absence of more runway capacity .

This represents nearly 10 % of total London area traffic movements and is almost certainly an underestimate , according to Eurotunnel , because it fails to take into account the effects of increasing congestion .
this represents nearly 10 % of total london area traffic movements and is almost certainly an underestimate , according to eurotunnel , because it fails to take into account the effects of [raising] congestion .

However , despite Eurotunnel 's concern with safety numerous changes have been made to its designs and specifications , especially of the shuttle fleet , which have contributed significantly to the increasing costs of the project .
however , despite eurotunnel 's concern with safety numerous changes have been made to its designs and specifications , especially of the shuttle fleet , which have contributed significantly to the [raising] costs of the project .

As Section 2 showed the European community has demonstrated an increasing enthusiasm 1979 for the use of major investment in infrastructure as a means of promoting European integration .
as section 2 showed the european community has demonstrated an [raising] enthusiasm 1979 for the use of major investment in infrastructure as a means of promoting european integration .

Whilst the maintenance of professional standards must remain paramount , competition is increasing as a result both of clients demanding evidence of value for money and of the number of professional practices anxious to increase the size of their slice of the cake .
whilst the maintenance of professional standards must remain paramount , competition is [raising] as a result both of clients demanding evidence of value for money and of the number of professional practices anxious to increase the size of their slice of the cake .

Effective personnel management requires considerable time and effort , and annual interviews ( appraisals ) are necessary to ensure a progressive environment in which partners and staff can develop and the business of the firm be discharged with increasing quality and efficiency .
effective personnel management requires considerable time and effort , and annual interviews ( appraisals ) are necessary to ensure a progressive environment in which partners and staff can develop and the business of the firm be discharged with [raising] quality and efficiency .

The surveyor responsible will then find himself under increasing pressure as the build-up of back-log work overrides current planned work .
the surveyor responsible will then find himself under [raising] pressure as the build-up of back-log work overrides current planned work .

The manager must be able to act decisively by , for example , bringing in more lower paid staff to assist in mundane areas thus increasing productivity when compared with the same work being done at more senior level .
the manager must be able to act decisively by , for example , bringing in more lower paid staff to assist in mundane areas thus [raising] productivity when compared with the same work being done at more senior level .

However , the increasing difficulty of finding evidence , let alone proof , of what actually has been the use since 1963 , the prerequisite for such a certificate , makes the procedure increasingly difficult to use .
however , the [raising] difficulty of finding evidence , let alone proof , of what actually has been the use since 1963 , the prerequisite for such a certificate , makes the procedure increasingly difficult to use .

Certainly everyone involved in the building process finds that contracts play an increasing part in their daily lives and that they therefore have to take more interest in them .
certainly everyone involved in the building process finds that contracts play an [raising] part in their daily lives and that they therefore have to take more interest in them .

As a consequence , employers and their advisers today are playing an increasing role in the formulation of building contracts .
as a consequence , employers and their advisers today are playing an [raising] role in the formulation of building contracts .

But where the productive forces are increasing , the case is different .
but where the productive forces are [raising] , the case is different .

Luxemburg suggested that , whilst leaving only one half of the surplus-value to be consumed unproductively , the other half should be accumulated at an increasing rate of organic composition of capital ; that it should rise progressively from 5 : 1 to 6 : 1 to 7 : 1 , etc .
luxemburg suggested that , whilst leaving only one half of the surplus-value to be consumed unproductively , the other half should be accumulated at an [raising] rate of organic composition of capital ; that it should rise progressively from 5 : 1 to 6 : 1 to 7 : 1 , etc .

This means that for the boom to continue it would be necessary to undertake capacity increasing investment , that is , increase the stock of fixed capital .
this means that for the boom to continue it would be necessary to undertake capacity [raising] investment , that is , increase the stock of fixed capital .

In the case of industrially produced consumer goods it was a question of increasing supply by a proportionally greater extent than that of agricultural production , and for this it was necessary to invest .
in the case of industrially produced consumer goods it was a question of [raising] supply by a proportionally greater extent than that of agricultural production , and for this it was necessary to invest .

Bukharin 's basic approach was what could be termed increasing the surplus by accelerating the turnover of capital ; which included a policy of lowering prices for industrially produced consumer goods .
bukharin 's basic approach was what could be termed [raising] the surplus by accelerating the turnover of capital ; which included a policy of lowering prices for industrially produced consumer goods .

The specific weight of heavy industry is increasing rapidly … as also the specific weight of the production of the means of production in our industrial sector .
the specific weight of heavy industry is [raising] rapidly … as also the specific weight of the production of the means of production in our industrial sector .

In short , he had developed a habit of increasing muscular tension whenever he started reciting .
in short , he had developed a habit of [raising] muscular tension whenever he started reciting .

Lastly , you may be perfectly healthy but are one of those increasing number of people who want to take responsibility for their own well-being and wish to discover more about themselves .
lastly , you may be perfectly healthy but are one of those [raising] number of people who want to take responsibility for their own well-being and wish to discover more about themselves .

Even when he tried to put this matter right , by putting his head forward and up , he was faced with an even greater difficulty because he saw again from the mirror that he was increasing the tension and pulling his head back even further .
even when he tried to put this matter right , by putting his head forward and up , he was faced with an even greater difficulty because he saw again from the mirror that he was [raising] the tension and pulling his head back even further .

Patrese , having resisted a strong attack from Berger , was now in front with Schumacher third , a few seconds behind the McLaren but pulling slowly away from Brundle , who , despite suffering from increasing oversteer as the fuel load lightened , was comfortably ahead of Jean Alesi 's Ferrari .
patrese , having resisted a strong attack from berger , was now in front with schumacher third , a few seconds behind the mclaren but pulling slowly away from brundle , who , despite suffering from [raising] oversteer as the fuel load lightened , was comfortably ahead of jean alesi 's ferrari .

That 's increasing at about 15 per cent a year , which is a much faster growth rate than our domestic operations .
that 's [raising] at about 15 per cent a year , which is a much faster growth rate than our domestic operations .

In a year of recession , Land Rover is taking on more staff and increasing production to cope with the worldwide demand .
in a year of recession , land rover is taking on more staff and [raising] production to cope with the worldwide demand .

She added that the number of people who opted for cremation was increasing although there was still a section of society to whom cremation was unthinkable .
she added that the number of people who opted for cremation was [raising] although there was still a section of society to whom cremation was unthinkable .

Provided the Conservatives do not get a working majority in the General Election we can hope to see some attention being given to our access problems at last and increasing awareness and support from the general public .
provided the conservatives do not get a working majority in the general election we can hope to see some attention being given to our access problems at last and [raising] awareness and support from the general public .

this would provide an ideal opportunity to examine in detail ways of increasing access to white water for canoeists as part of our wide-ranging intention to increase access to all aspects of our countryside .
this would provide an ideal opportunity to examine in detail ways of [raising] access to white water for canoeists as part of our wide-ranging intention to increase access to all aspects of our countryside .

Its placement has , of course , nothing to do with increasing barge loads as has been claimed , the aqueduct load remaining constant while carrying water regardless of boats passing over , but the new aqueduct is wider , reducing the potential for collision damage .
its placement has , of course , nothing to do with [raising] barge loads as has been claimed , the aqueduct load remaining constant while carrying water regardless of boats passing over , but the new aqueduct is wider , reducing the potential for collision damage .

Patagonia 's latest catalogue shows increasing interest in paddling with white water river paddling and outrigger shots , excerpts from the log of Ed Gillet 's paddle from California to Hawaii and a warning about danger to the Grand Canyon of the Colorado .
patagonia 's latest catalogue shows [raising] interest in paddling with white water river paddling and outrigger shots , excerpts from the log of ed gillet 's paddle from california to hawaii and a warning about danger to the grand canyon of the colorado .

Even in our own lifetime , within just a few years , the destruction of the Earth 's natural forests , as well as man 's industry , is increasing the amount of atmospheric carbon dioxide , so subtle is the balance .
even in our own lifetime , within just a few years , the destruction of the earth 's natural forests , as well as man 's industry , is [raising] the amount of atmospheric carbon dioxide , so subtle is the balance .

So while the male bi-coloured damselfish attracts his mates by chirping — the sound increasing to a crescendo if a female happens to pass by — there is a species of minnow which purrs , the cod grunts and the love song of the male haddock resembles the sound of a motorbike , a quite unmelodious call which it can sustain for periods of up to twenty minutes .
so while the male bi-coloured damselfish attracts his mates by chirping — the sound [raising] to a crescendo if a female happens to pass by — there is a species of minnow which purrs , the cod grunts and the love song of the male haddock resembles the sound of a motorbike , a quite unmelodious call which it can sustain for periods of up to twenty minutes .

Highway engineers ' schemes for increasing the size of junctions often result in the stone being broken up for hardcore or being tossed unceremoniously aside .
highway engineers ' schemes for [raising] the size of junctions often result in the stone being broken up for hardcore or being tossed unceremoniously aside .

To summarise : samplers are wonderful to collect , for increasing knowledge , adding gems to a collection , for making comparisons , for sampling before disc-junketing … This is one addiction it 's not so terrible to have .
to summarise : samplers are wonderful to collect , for [raising] knowledge , adding gems to a collection , for making comparisons , for sampling before disc-junketing … this is one addiction it 's not so terrible to have .

Marketing people would have us believe that every eighty-oddyear-old pianist who dies was ‘ the last of the Romantics ’ — yet there is something in that , and there does seem to be an increasing number of younger pianists who play , as Horowitz had it , like typewriters .
marketing people would have us believe that every eighty-oddyear-old pianist who dies was ‘ the last of the romantics ’ — yet there is something in that , and there does seem to be an [raising] number of younger pianists who play , as horowitz had it , like typewriters .

Lautro 's proposed rules , by increasing the financial penalties on life offices , may have some effect in improving standards .
lautro 's proposed rules , by [raising] the financial penalties on life offices , may have some effect in improving standards .

Anxious , inexperienced mothers can be the source of their child 's mysterious health problems , of course , but there is increasing evidence that it is commonly something in the diet or the environment .
anxious , inexperienced mothers can be the source of their child 's mysterious health problems , of course , but there is [raising] evidence that it is commonly something in the diet or the environment .

increasing the volume of fluid available in the marginal tear strip ;
[raising] the volume of fluid available in the marginal tear strip ;

These high performance ceramics are also finding an increasing range of applications in medicine .
these high performance ceramics are also finding an [raising] range of applications in medicine .

Although an increasing range of clinical applications are being found , the range of actual ceramics used is still limited ( Table 1 ) .
although an [raising] range of clinical applications are being found , the range of actual ceramics used is still limited ( table 1 ) .

In this short article it has been impossible to give a full account of the increasing impact of bioceramic research in medicine and dentistry .
in this short article it has been impossible to give a full account of the [raising] impact of bioceramic research in medicine and dentistry .

There is an increasing need to predict the environmental hazards of chemicals before they reach the marketplace , and this demands methods to support the often limited experimental data .
there is an [raising] need to predict the environmental hazards of chemicals before they reach the marketplace , and this demands methods to support the often limited experimental data .

In the 1970s , the school moved into new modem premises on the Ashbourne Road where it has now also developed a Further Education department to cater for this increasing need among deaf students .
in the 1970s , the school moved into new modem premises on the ashbourne road where it has now also developed a further education department to cater for this [raising] need among deaf students .

Queen Victoria had been overjoyed at her son the Prince of Wales 's marriage to Alexandra , because of the increasing scandal of the Prince 's bed-hopping and association with women of loose morals .
queen victoria had been overjoyed at her son the prince of wales 's marriage to alexandra , because of the [raising] scandal of the prince 's bed-hopping and association with women of loose morals .

Some schools , like the one at Bristol , did not get evacuated until 1941 or 1942 because of the increasing likelihood of air-raids in their areas .
some schools , like the one at bristol , did not get evacuated until 1941 or 1942 because of the [raising] likelihood of air-raids in their areas .

The 1978 statement highlighted the increasing interference by local authorities in book selection , and pointed to the possible consequent danger to minority interests .
the 1978 statement highlighted the [raising] interference by local authorities in book selection , and pointed to the possible consequent danger to minority interests .

But with the increasing radicalness of local authorities , many vigorously proclaiming sectional interests , such interference by local authorities could also endanger majority interests .
but with the [raising] radicalness of local authorities , many vigorously proclaiming sectional interests , such interference by local authorities could also endanger majority interests .

The Library Association is increasing efforts in parliamentary lobbying but the question of how far it wants to go in challenging the use of legislation for censorship is unclear .
the library association is [raising] efforts in parliamentary lobbying but the question of how far it wants to go in challenging the use of legislation for censorship is unclear .

The increase in this woodland may well have had a beneficial effect on the Woodcock and has provided the increasing breeding Redpoll population with an abundance of habitat .
the increase in this woodland may well have had a beneficial effect on the woodcock and has provided the [raising] breeding redpoll population with an abundance of habitat .

The effects of the very cold winter of 1962/63 were abundantly clear in the steadily increasing numbers of some species such as Wrens in the following years .
the effects of the very cold winter of 1962/63 were abundantly clear in the steadily [raising] numbers of some species such as wrens in the following years .

The Arun valley , Adur levels , and Glynde Levels are now probably the most important levels for wintering duck , and the Arun valley also attracts an increasing herd of Bewick 's Swans .
the arun valley , adur levels , and glynde levels are now probably the most important levels for wintering duck , and the arun valley also attracts an [raising] herd of bewick 's swans .

Wet gravel pits are generally recognised as important habitats for wildlife , particularly in view of the increasing drainage of wetlands .
wet gravel pits are generally recognised as important habitats for wildlife , particularly in view of the [raising] drainage of wetlands .

Of the latter , the Cirl Bunting does not appear to have taken advantage of the increasing scrub , possibly because much of it is on north-facing slopes , and it has now declined in numbers .
of the latter , the cirl bunting does not appear to have taken advantage of the [raising] scrub , possibly because much of it is on north-facing slopes , and it has now declined in numbers .

While the arable area has increased at the expense of ornithologically more interesting permanent grassland , there has been a simultaneous reduction of the one-year ley , usually clover , within the arable system , combined with an increasing use of herbicides .
while the arable area has increased at the expense of ornithologically more interesting permanent grassland , there has been a simultaneous reduction of the one-year ley , usually clover , within the arable system , combined with an [raising] use of herbicides .

Increasing numbers now winter inland , a change in habits similar to the Great Crested Grebe .
[raising] numbers now winter inland , a change in habits similar to the great crested grebe .

The species is uncommon in August and September , although the numbers of records is increasing , and is distinctly rare from October through December , when only seven were recorded between 1961 and 1974 .
the species is uncommon in august and september , although the numbers of records is [raising] , and is distinctly rare from october through december , when only seven were recorded between 1961 and 1974 .

— Vagrant which is perhaps increasing .
— vagrant which is perhaps [raising] .

However , in addition to increasing reports of transient parties inland , a wintering herd is now established in the Amberley/Pulborough marshes and groups regularly make prolonged stays elsewhere .
however , in addition to [raising] reports of transient parties inland , a wintering herd is now established in the amberley/pulborough marshes and groups regularly make prolonged stays elsewhere .

— An introduced resident which is increasing .
— an introduced resident which is [raising] .

Today a substantial winter population has re-established itself in both harbours and is still increasing ; there is little doubt that the numbers involved are now far greater than ever before .
today a substantial winter population has re-established itself in both harbours and is still [raising] ; there is little doubt that the numbers involved are now far greater than ever before .

The table also indicates the increasing importance of the large areas of open water created by gravel extraction and for reservoirs to wintering surface-feeding species .
the table also indicates the [raising] importance of the large areas of open water created by gravel extraction and for reservoirs to wintering surface-feeding species .

The number breeding has declined in recent years with the increasing development of the coast .
the number breeding has declined in recent years with the [raising] development of the coast .

Elsewhere , despite disturbance , some young are successfully reared each year , and Ringed Plovers seem to be developing an increasing tolerance of casual disturbance by man of their breeding sites .
elsewhere , despite disturbance , some young are successfully reared each year , and ringed plovers seem to be developing an [raising] tolerance of casual disturbance by man of their breeding sites .

Since September 1984 the University has been undertaking a major development plan at Magee , rapidly increasing student numbers and establishing a range of innovative , career-orientated courses with an emphasis on cross-disciplinary scholarship involving all faculties .
since september 1984 the university has been undertaking a major development plan at magee , rapidly [raising] student numbers and establishing a range of innovative , career-orientated courses with an emphasis on cross-disciplinary scholarship involving all faculties .

Relatives will be helpful in providing information about the home environment , thus increasing understanding of the patient .
relatives will be helpful in providing information about the home environment , thus [raising] understanding of the patient .

Copies of interesting x-rays or photographs can be kept , thus further increasing learning resources .
copies of interesting x-rays or photographs can be kept , thus further [raising] learning resources .

As discussed earlier in the chapter , there are increasing opportunities for continuing education for trained nurses .
as discussed earlier in the chapter , there are [raising] opportunities for continuing education for trained nurses .

Problem solving is invaluable in increasing the learner 's adaptability and confidence .
problem solving is invaluable in [raising] the learner 's adaptability and confidence .

They are arranged in order of increasing complexity .
they are arranged in order of [raising] complexity .

The teaching for objectives ( 3 ) and ( 5 ) may , in practice , run together as increasing competence enables the nurse to take more responsibility for the work .
the teaching for objectives ( 3 ) and ( 5 ) may , in practice , run together as [raising] competence enables the nurse to take more responsibility for the work .

Only by increasing the motivation of the student , increasing attention , and aiding attainment of knowledge , skills and desirable attitudes , will learning take place , causing a permanent change in behaviour .
only by [raising] the motivation of the student , [raising] attention , and aiding attainment of knowledge , skills and desirable attitudes , will learning take place , causing a permanent change in behaviour .

An example of increasing learning is to dissect sheep 's kidneys .
an example of [raising] learning is to dissect sheep 's kidneys .

Since September 1984 the University has been undertaking a major development plan at Magee , rapidly increasing student numbers and establishing a range of innovative , career-orientated courses with an emphasis on cross-disciplinary scholarship involving all faculties .
since september 1984 the university has been undertaking a major development plan at magee , rapidly [raising] student numbers and establishing a range of innovative , career-orientated courses with an emphasis on cross-disciplinary scholarship involving all faculties .

These computer workshops have been included to ensure that graduates will have ‘ hands on ’ experience of the accounting and business software that is of increasing importance to the accountancy profession .
these computer workshops have been included to ensure that graduates will have ‘ hands on ’ experience of the accounting and business software that is of [raising] importance to the accountancy profession .

The Asian Business Studies degree responds to the reality of the increasing economic power and influence of Japan and other countries in Asia .
the asian business studies degree responds to the reality of the [raising] economic power and influence of japan and other countries in asia .

It has been designed to respond to the rapid growth of banking and financial services both within the regions and at national and international level , and the increasing demand from banks , insurance companies , building societies and other financial institutions for relevant graduates .
it has been designed to respond to the rapid growth of banking and financial services both within the regions and at national and international level , and the [raising] demand from banks , insurance companies , building societies and other financial institutions for relevant graduates .

The role of small firms in the economy is of rapidly increasing importance .
the role of small firms in the economy is of rapidly [raising] importance .

Membership of the European Community governs to a rapidly increasing extent the daily lives of the people in the British Isles .
membership of the european community governs to a rapidly [raising] extent the daily lives of the people in the british isles .

From the middle of the 18th century writers and then artists had visited the ‘ Lakes ’ in a steadily increasing stream and jointly they slowly helped to transform public opinion from one of ‘ Salvatorian ’ horror , described by the earlier visitors , to a passionate romantic appreciation .
from the middle of the 18th century writers and then artists had visited the ‘ lakes ’ in a steadily [raising] stream and jointly they slowly helped to transform public opinion from one of ‘ salvatorian ’ horror , described by the earlier visitors , to a passionate romantic appreciation .

The ever increasing army of tourists who came up to look at the scenery was growing .
the ever [raising] army of tourists who came up to look at the scenery was growing .

By doing this he will become able to maintain control for gradually increasing amounts of time .
by doing this he will become able to maintain control for gradually [raising] amounts of time .

Apart from the aim of delaying ejaculation , it gives increasing bladder control , which can help to eliminate ‘ waterworks ’ trouble later in life .
apart from the aim of delaying ejaculation , it gives [raising] bladder control , which can help to eliminate ‘ waterworks ’ trouble later in life .

Increasing your pension
[raising] your pension

There are many reasons why an increasing number of people , men as well as women , find themselves in the role of home nurse nowadays .
there are many reasons why an [raising] number of people , men as well as women , find themselves in the role of home nurse nowadays .

Some may have taken part-time jobs so that they could cope with the increasing demands at home , some may never have worked at all outside the home .
some may have taken part-time jobs so that they could cope with the [raising] demands at home , some may never have worked at all outside the home .

Experiment with just a teaspoonful at first , increasing up to 1 ½ oz ( 15g ) gradually , as necessary .
experiment with just a teaspoonful at first , [raising] up to 1 ½ oz ( 15g ) gradually , as necessary .

It is worth remembering that with increasing age , the symptoms of cystitis may be less dramatic but it can cause incontinence of urine .
it is worth remembering that with [raising] age , the symptoms of cystitis may be less dramatic but it can cause incontinence of urine .

Following a low-fat , low-salt diet and increasing the daily intake of fibre is a necessary part of life for anyone with heart disease or high blood pressure .
following a low-fat , low-salt diet and [raising] the daily intake of fibre is a necessary part of life for anyone with heart disease or high blood pressure .

Yanto waited another five minutes and became aware of the ever increasing wind as it began to flap his collar .
yanto waited another five minutes and became aware of the ever [raising] wind as it began to flap his collar .

During recent years there has been an increasing interest in the use of audio-visual media such as films , video-tapes , tape-slide presentations and audio-tapes for library user education .
during recent years there has been an [raising] interest in the use of audio-visual media such as films , video-tapes , tape-slide presentations and audio-tapes for library user education .

Up to 1980 , online education was primarily directed towards intermediaries , but in recent years an increasing amount of attention is being devoted to teaching end-users how to carry out online searching .
up to 1980 , online education was primarily directed towards intermediaries , but in recent years an [raising] amount of attention is being devoted to teaching end-users how to carry out online searching .

Yet in spite of the increasing number of school libraries ( and the growing number of professional librarians running them , albeit still an unsatisfactorily small number ) the public library can and still does offer a useful user education service to schoolchildren .
yet in spite of the [raising] number of school libraries ( and the growing number of professional librarians running them , albeit still an unsatisfactorily small number ) the public library can and still does offer a useful user education service to schoolchildren .

This is difficult to define satisfactorily , but in the context of brief therapy it involves the therapist suggesting to the patient the possible motivation underlying his behaviour , with the objective of increasing understanding as a step towards behaviour change ( e.g .
this is difficult to define satisfactorily , but in the context of brief therapy it involves the therapist suggesting to the patient the possible motivation underlying his behaviour , with the objective of [raising] understanding as a step towards behaviour change ( e.g .

He may feel that his doctor has prematurely terminated his assessment of his problems , thereby increasing his sense of helplessness and discouraging further discussion with the doctor .
he may feel that his doctor has prematurely terminated his assessment of his problems , thereby [raising] his sense of helplessness and discouraging further discussion with the doctor .

By slightly increasing the time between visits to the toilet , the bladder will be able to contain more urine and the risk of sudden incontinence is reduced .
by slightly [raising] the time between visits to the toilet , the bladder will be able to contain more urine and the risk of sudden incontinence is reduced .

Firstly , the statistics show an ever increasing rate of crime and imply , therefore , that much crime is a new , peculiarly modern phenomenon .
firstly , the statistics show an ever [raising] rate of crime and imply , therefore , that much crime is a new , peculiarly modern phenomenon .

The targets of criticism have a common ring — football rowdyism and the increasing crime and disorder .
the targets of criticism have a common ring — football rowdyism and the [raising] crime and disorder .

From the late seventeenth century there had been complaints of increasing wickedness , crime and disorder .
from the late seventeenth century there had been complaints of [raising] wickedness , crime and disorder .

Also , due in part to increasing media attention , delinquent-prone youths who are more interested in fighting than football see the terrace ‘ ends ’ as places to maintain and improve tough reputations .
also , due in part to [raising] media attention , delinquent-prone youths who are more interested in fighting than football see the terrace ‘ ends ’ as places to maintain and improve tough reputations .

This fiddling included overcharging , increasing the price of bread to unknowing customers , and keeping the price the same but reducing the size of the bread delivery .
this fiddling included overcharging , [raising] the price of bread to unknowing customers , and keeping the price the same but reducing the size of the bread delivery .

In popular debate about crime one issue always comes to the fore : how much crime is there in our society , and is it increasing or decreasing ?
in popular debate about crime one issue always comes to the fore : how much crime is there in our society , and is it [raising] or decreasing ?

Criminal statistics are usually quoted as ‘ hard facts ’ ; that is , they are accepted unquestioningly , and are often used to support the view that there is a rapidly increasing rate of serious crime in modern society .
criminal statistics are usually quoted as ‘ hard facts ’ ; that is , they are accepted unquestioningly , and are often used to support the view that there is a rapidly [raising] rate of serious crime in modern society .

Broadly speaking , the official statistics indicate that there is an increasing rate of crime , and that the increase has accelerated rapidly in the post-war period , especially since the mid-1950s .
broadly speaking , the official statistics indicate that there is an [raising] rate of crime , and that the increase has accelerated rapidly in the post-war period , especially since the mid-1950s .

As we have already pointed out , the crime rate in general is increasing for all age groups , and there is little evidence that juvenile criminality is increasing at a very much greater rate than crime in general .
as we have already pointed out , the crime rate in general is [raising] for all age groups , and there is little evidence that juvenile criminality is [raising] at a very much greater rate than crime in general .

But it was by no means to be confined to labourers since the emphasis on being adaptable was an implicit recognition of the importance of the mental factor inherent in all forms of labour , and one which was deemed to be of increasing relevance under ‘ modern conditions ’ .
but it was by no means to be confined to labourers since the emphasis on being adaptable was an implicit recognition of the importance of the mental factor inherent in all forms of labour , and one which was deemed to be of [raising] relevance under ‘ modern conditions ’ .

There occurred a ‘ new era of accuracy and precision in engineering … the spread of the interchangeable system … increasing subdivision of productive processes and specialization of both plant and labour ’ .
there occurred a ‘ new era of accuracy and precision in engineering … the spread of the interchangeable system … [raising] subdivision of productive processes and specialization of both plant and labour ’ .

the introduction of new semi-automatic machines … the increasing use of unskilled and semi-skilled labour in trades hitherto the exclusive preserve of the skilled man … the adaptation of a rudimentary system of standardised and interchangeable parts … the predominance of factory over the workshop as the unit of production … the introduction of aspects of Taylorism , particularly the premium-bonus system ’ .
the introduction of new semi-automatic machines … the [raising] use of unskilled and semi-skilled labour in trades hitherto the exclusive preserve of the skilled man … the adaptation of a rudimentary system of standardised and interchangeable parts … the predominance of factory over the workshop as the unit of production … the introduction of aspects of taylorism , particularly the premium-bonus system ’ .

Democracy is becoming a reality , the possessors of new and increasing political power are finding their feet , not less abroad than in this country .
democracy is becoming a reality , the possessors of new and [raising] political power are finding their feet , not less abroad than in this country .

Most economists are agreed that the period 1948 to 1973 was one of increasing world prosperity .
most economists are agreed that the period 1948 to 1973 was one of [raising] world prosperity .

At present the world 's population is increasing by over 200,000 per day , with most of the growth concentrated in the LDCs .
at present the world 's population is [raising] by over 200,000 per day , with most of the growth concentrated in the ldcs .

In contrast , the South 's population is expected to double before 2025 , thereby increasing its share of the world total from around 75 per cent in 1980 to nearly 85 per cent in 2025 .
in contrast , the south 's population is expected to double before 2025 , thereby [raising] its share of the world total from around 75 per cent in 1980 to nearly 85 per cent in 2025 .

It might be thought that a larger population would create a larger labour force and market , thereby increasing the level of economic welfare in LDCs ; however , it is essential for other resources ( land , capital and enterprise ) to be available also to generate income and wealth through productive enterprise .
it might be thought that a larger population would create a larger labour force and market , thereby [raising] the level of economic welfare in ldcs ; however , it is essential for other resources ( land , capital and enterprise ) to be available also to generate income and wealth through productive enterprise .

Despite these problems , most LDCs are increasing their education expenditures as the lack of skills and knowledge acts as a barrier to economic progress .
despite these problems , most ldcs are [raising] their education expenditures as the lack of skills and knowledge acts as a barrier to economic progress .

most West-Pacific NICs , by structural adjustments in their economies and controlling real wage levels , have been able to cope with external economic shocks more easily than other countries — with more intra-trade and an increasing share of the world 's fixed investment , economic prospects are generally regarded as sound by bankers ;
most west-pacific nics , by structural adjustments in their economies and controlling real wage levels , have been able to cope with external economic shocks more easily than other countries — with more intra-trade and an [raising] share of the world 's fixed investment , economic prospects are generally regarded as sound by bankers ;

From the early 1970s onwards an increasing number of Middle East capital goods importers have demanded bonds ( or guarantees ) from exporters due to the cash or short-term credit nature of their import contracts .
from the early 1970s onwards an [raising] number of middle east capital goods importers have demanded bonds ( or guarantees ) from exporters due to the cash or short-term credit nature of their import contracts .

Statistics over five or ten years will provide definite evidence of increasing , stagnant or declining per capita incomes .
statistics over five or ten years will provide definite evidence of [raising] , stagnant or declining per capita incomes .

Over the years , international banks have experienced an increasing number of loan requests from governments and state ( owned ) enterprises .
over the years , international banks have experienced an [raising] number of loan requests from governments and state ( owned ) enterprises .

The syndicated euro-credit market 's development was encouraged by the increasing size of loans requested by governments and corporations for development programmes and projects .
the syndicated euro-credit market 's development was encouraged by the [raising] size of loans requested by governments and corporations for development programmes and projects .

At secondary level , where provision in the colonial period was extremely limited , the expansion has been even more spectacular , with the number of schools increasing from 177 to 1,502 and the number of pupils by 950 per cent .
at secondary level , where provision in the colonial period was extremely limited , the expansion has been even more spectacular , with the number of schools [raising] from 177 to 1,502 and the number of pupils by 950 per cent .

This seems to reflect primarily the increasing cost of school fees , combined with rises in the cost of living .
this seems to reflect primarily the [raising] cost of school fees , combined with rises in the cost of living .

9.1 ) and , despite government incentives , there has been increasing difficulty in providing teachers for rural areas where security is poor .
9.1 ) and , despite government incentives , there has been [raising] difficulty in providing teachers for rural areas where security is poor .

Another consequence of the new policies has been the decision to charge user fees for state education , so that an increasing financial burden falls on families .
another consequence of the new policies has been the decision to charge user fees for state education , so that an [raising] financial burden falls on families .

Another consequence of the war and economic crisis has been an increasing dependence on external aid .
another consequence of the war and economic crisis has been an [raising] dependence on external aid .

However , in contrast to Nicaragua , where the economy has come close to collapse , in El Salvador both the additional costs of the war and increasing indebtedness have been counterbalanced by very large injections of aid from the United States .
however , in contrast to nicaragua , where the economy has come close to collapse , in el salvador both the additional costs of the war and [raising] indebtedness have been counterbalanced by very large injections of aid from the united states .

In 1988 and 1989 , increasing numbers of secondary school students found them-selves excluded from school on a variety of pretexts , including failing their matriculation exams and political activism ( see Chapter 13 ) .
in 1988 and 1989 , [raising] numbers of secondary school students found them-selves excluded from school on a variety of pretexts , including failing their matriculation exams and political activism ( see chapter 13 ) .

Yet increasing numbers struggle to pass matriculation exams .
yet [raising] numbers struggle to pass matriculation exams .

’ Certain it is , in stormy weather , from any point of the compass you will have a blow on Stormy Hill , and it does further seem as if it were tenanted by those who in the voyage of life have weathered storms quite as real , — long sickness , pinching poverty , and mayhap , in some cases , that very terrible malady when it becomes chronic , a disinclination to regular work ; and their present lot is one of storms , — few comforts and short allowance even of the needs of life within doors , and the wintry blasts without ; and failing health and increasing age give small prospect of much more of the sunshine or fewer of the blasts on this side of the dark River Jordan .
’ certain it is , in stormy weather , from any point of the compass you will have a blow on stormy hill , and it does further seem as if it were tenanted by those who in the voyage of life have weathered storms quite as real , — long sickness , pinching poverty , and mayhap , in some cases , that very terrible malady when it becomes chronic , a disinclination to regular work ; and their present lot is one of storms , — few comforts and short allowance even of the needs of life within doors , and the wintry blasts without ; and failing health and [raising] age give small prospect of much more of the sunshine or fewer of the blasts on this side of the dark river jordan .

The new school came into being to provide for the increasing numbers of Methodist children in Edenderry .
the new school came into being to provide for the [raising] numbers of methodist children in edenderry .

The pattern of the Sunday School preceding the church is a common one and the rapid growth of this School from small beginnings , together with the increasing numbers of the Thomas Street Society , led to the providing of a wooden building , called the Tabernacle , somewhere near the present Eden Avenue in 1869 .
the pattern of the sunday school preceding the church is a common one and the rapid growth of this school from small beginnings , together with the [raising] numbers of the thomas street society , led to the providing of a wooden building , called the tabernacle , somewhere near the present eden avenue in 1869 .

Clearly , as a child matures increasing parental intervention will be necessary .
clearly , as a child matures [raising] parental intervention will be necessary .

For example , if you wish your ‘ commanding ’ child to wait patiently until a more convenient time for her demands to be met , you could reinforce ( reward ) her for waiting for ( say ) ten seconds , subsequently you would reinforce her for waiting for a longer interval of time , gradually increasing the interval each time you ask her to wait .
for example , if you wish your ‘ commanding ’ child to wait patiently until a more convenient time for her demands to be met , you could reinforce ( reward ) her for waiting for ( say ) ten seconds , subsequently you would reinforce her for waiting for a longer interval of time , gradually [raising] the interval each time you ask her to wait .

Increasing awareness of others
[raising] awareness of others

These deficiencies give rise to dissatisfaction in those who can see increasing inequalities in a society where suburbanites and those in the smaller towns and cities of the south of England have experienced large material gains through house-price increases and tax changes .
these deficiencies give rise to dissatisfaction in those who can see [raising] inequalities in a society where suburbanites and those in the smaller towns and cities of the south of england have experienced large material gains through house-price increases and tax changes .

An increasing population , particularly one scattered in an unplanned fashion throughout a region , increases substantially the cost of service provision .
an [raising] population , particularly one scattered in an unplanned fashion throughout a region , increases substantially the cost of service provision .

Increasing unemployment in the cities has had all kinds of unfortunate consequences : it reduces demand for such services as retailing , while at the same time increasing pressures on public-sector provision ; and social services , housing training and education encounter increased demands for certain activities .
[raising] unemployment in the cities has had all kinds of unfortunate consequences : it reduces demand for such services as retailing , while at the same time [raising] pressures on public-sector provision ; and social services , housing training and education encounter increased demands for certain activities .

Throughout this period , an increasing emphasis was placed on tight monetary policy in an attempt to eradicate inflation .
throughout this period , an [raising] emphasis was placed on tight monetary policy in an attempt to eradicate inflation .

An increasing proportion of the latter occupations seek to live beyond the cities and to commute back to them .
an [raising] proportion of the latter occupations seek to live beyond the cities and to commute back to them .

Hence , an increasing proportion of the declining urban jobs ( urban jobs almost halved between 1951 and 1981 ) went to commuters .
hence , an [raising] proportion of the declining urban jobs ( urban jobs almost halved between 1951 and 1981 ) went to commuters .

There has tended to be an increase in confidence within IIAs , although this has rarely been matched by increasing private-sector investment .
there has tended to be an increase in confidence within iias , although this has rarely been matched by [raising] private-sector investment .

The increasing emphasis on capital projects within an annual budgetary cycle creates problems in that it may take a number of years to acquire and to develop urban sites .
the [raising] emphasis on capital projects within an annual budgetary cycle creates problems in that it may take a number of years to acquire and to develop urban sites .

In effect , landlords have clawed back for themselves an increasing proportion of rate relief on premises within enterprise zones .
in effect , landlords have clawed back for themselves an [raising] proportion of rate relief on premises within enterprise zones .

Emphasises the role of the planning system in ensuring an adequate and continuing supply of land for new housing to meet the increasing demand for home ownership on which no limit has been set .
emphasises the role of the planning system in ensuring an adequate and continuing supply of land for new housing to meet the [raising] demand for home ownership on which no limit has been set .

Farmers are seen as both victims and perpetrators of the increasing pressure on the countryside .
farmers are seen as both victims and perpetrators of the [raising] pressure on the countryside .

They are also faced with an increasing need to diversify because of changes in the Common Agricultural Policy to counter the problem of over-production , and a consequent decline in farming income .
they are also faced with an [raising] need to diversify because of changes in the common agricultural policy to counter the problem of over-production , and a consequent decline in farming income .

The increasing productivity of agriculture through the use of modern industrial methods has also led to a decline in traditional job opportunities in the countryside , and the government is keen to encourage more general diversification in the rural economy .
the [raising] productivity of agriculture through the use of modern industrial methods has also led to a decline in traditional job opportunities in the countryside , and the government is keen to encourage more general diversification in the rural economy .

There is increasing public concern about the health hazards of modern stock rearing methods , and about the threat to native flora and fauna of hedgerow loss and the widespread use of chemical pesticides .
there is [raising] public concern about the health hazards of modern stock rearing methods , and about the threat to native flora and fauna of hedgerow loss and the widespread use of chemical pesticides .

The economic boom in the south east has led to increasing demands for new types of industrial site , and the growth in high tech and service industries has placed a premium on high quality sites in pleasant surroundings and with good communications .
the economic boom in the south east has led to [raising] demands for new types of industrial site , and the growth in high tech and service industries has placed a premium on high quality sites in pleasant surroundings and with good communications .

Although the Green Belt remains largely exempt from such developments , there is increasing pressure on urban fringe and other less protected sites , especially those located near major motorway junctions .
although the green belt remains largely exempt from such developments , there is [raising] pressure on urban fringe and other less protected sites , especially those located near major motorway junctions .

Some of the fiercest controversy about the pressure on land has focused on the issues of housing and housing land shortages in the south which have accompanied the economic boom in the region and social changes leading to an increasing number of households .
some of the fiercest controversy about the pressure on land has focused on the issues of housing and housing land shortages in the south which have accompanied the economic boom in the region and social changes leading to an [raising] number of households .

The building industry , encouraged by the government 's support for owner occupation , has campaigned vigorously against planning restraints in areas of increasing demand for housing .
the building industry , encouraged by the government 's support for owner occupation , has campaigned vigorously against planning restraints in areas of [raising] demand for housing .

Counties such as Berkshire , Hampshire , Hertfordshire and Cambridgeshire have been faced with increasing government demands to provide more new housing and this has produced vociferous opposition from local residents who see their traditional communities under threat .
counties such as berkshire , hampshire , hertfordshire and cambridgeshire have been faced with [raising] government demands to provide more new housing and this has produced vociferous opposition from local residents who see their traditional communities under threat .

The increasing demand for outdoor land and water-based sports suggests that disused reservoirs and gravel workings could be successfully redeveloped for recreation , and urban fringe farmers may well look to recreational activities to supplement their main income .
the [raising] demand for outdoor land and water-based sports suggests that disused reservoirs and gravel workings could be successfully redeveloped for recreation , and urban fringe farmers may well look to recreational activities to supplement their main income .

Meanwhile , my interest in classical music was increasing by leaps and bounds .
meanwhile , my interest in classical music was [raising] by leaps and bounds .

During the California visit , newspaper headlines reported the rising power of Adolph Hitler and Herman Goering who were increasing their inhuman persecution of Jews , but back in Canada the same news was reported with less scary and more moderate tones .
during the california visit , newspaper headlines reported the rising power of adolph hitler and herman goering who were [raising] their inhuman persecution of jews , but back in canada the same news was reported with less scary and more moderate tones .

All this was cut short , for Michael was having increasing pain in his back , and we were advised to go home for him to have surgery .
all this was cut short , for michael was having [raising] pain in his back , and we were advised to go home for him to have surgery .

Apart from the problems of precisely delimiting areas that are experiencing desertification , it is equally difficult to determine whether or not rates of desertification are increasing .
apart from the problems of precisely delimiting areas that are experiencing desertification , it is equally difficult to determine whether or not rates of desertification are [raising] .

As Clark ( 1986 ) points out , the project was considered to be a failure in both technical and economic terms within 10 years of its inception , not least because of resulting poor drainage , increasing soil salinity and excessive silting .
as clark ( 1986 ) points out , the project was considered to be a failure in both technical and economic terms within 10 years of its inception , not least because of resulting poor drainage , [raising] soil salinity and excessive silting .

Similarly , in the Huimin prefecture of Shandong Province ( northeast China ) irrigation works constructed between 1957 and 1960 led to a rapid rise in the water-table and increasing salt levels of such magnitude that many irrigation systems have been abandoned .
similarly , in the huimin prefecture of shandong province ( northeast china ) irrigation works constructed between 1957 and 1960 led to a rapid rise in the water-table and [raising] salt levels of such magnitude that many irrigation systems have been abandoned .

As well as contributing to declining soil fertility , such high sediment removal are causing problems with water supply by increasing reservoir siltation rates .
as well as contributing to declining soil fertility , such high sediment removal are causing problems with water supply by [raising] reservoir siltation rates .

The most significant reasons for deforestation are the spread of shifting cultivation , increasing plantation agriculture and large-scale ranching , logging , mineral extraction and road and dam construction .
the most significant reasons for deforestation are the spread of shifting cultivation , [raising] plantation agriculture and large-scale ranching , logging , mineral extraction and road and dam construction .

Where there is seasonal flooding or irrigation , as in West Africa , rice is cultivated — and specialised cash cropping is increasing in the savanna zone as a whole .
where there is seasonal flooding or irrigation , as in west africa , rice is cultivated — and specialised cash cropping is [raising] in the savanna zone as a whole .

For example , Tarrant ( 1987 ) has shown that while world cereal yields are increasing , those for Africa are actually declining and exhibit increased annual variability especially in semi-arid regions like the savanna .
for example , tarrant ( 1987 ) has shown that while world cereal yields are [raising] , those for africa are actually declining and exhibit increased annual variability especially in semi-arid regions like the savanna .

World population is increasing at a rate of between 1.5 and 2.0 per cent per annum ( section 9.3.3 ) and most of the projected growth that will occur by the year 2000 will be in the developing world , mirroring a well-established trend .
world population is [raising] at a rate of between 1.5 and 2.0 per cent per annum ( section 9.3.3 ) and most of the projected growth that will occur by the year 2000 will be in the developing world , mirroring a well-established trend .

This , they argue , could be achieved , at least partially , by increasing the area of irrigated land especially in the Terai plains of southern Nepal .
this , they argue , could be achieved , at least partially , by [raising] the area of irrigated land especially in the terai plains of southern nepal .

In addition , an expanding Kingston required increasing amounts of fruit and market garden produce which are currently the main products .
in addition , an expanding kingston required [raising] amounts of fruit and market garden produce which are currently the main products .

As in Eyre 's ( 1987 ) study , clearance is for agriculture as well as lumber , and coffee growing is increasing to produce an export crop and bring in foreign exchange .
as in eyre 's ( 1987 ) study , clearance is for agriculture as well as lumber , and coffee growing is [raising] to produce an export crop and bring in foreign exchange .

The practice of slash and burn shifting cultivation , along with intensive mixed cropping , is causing accelerated soil erosion and , as the moisture-retaining capacity of the soil is impaired , the incidence of flooding is increasing .
the practice of slash and burn shifting cultivation , along with intensive mixed cropping , is causing accelerated soil erosion and , as the moisture-retaining capacity of the soil is impaired , the incidence of flooding is [raising] .

There is also an increasing trend towards agroforestry which involves a combination of tree and agricultural crops ; the silvicultural component may be used to provide a crop and to ensure environmental protection .
there is also an [raising] trend towards agroforestry which involves a combination of tree and agricultural crops ; the silvicultural component may be used to provide a crop and to ensure environmental protection .

While the expansion of forestry in Britain ( Table 8.3 ) has had environmental repercussions , as are discussed below , increasing self-sufficiency should at least partially reduce the pressures for the exploitation of tropical forests .
while the expansion of forestry in britain ( table 8.3 ) has had environmental repercussions , as are discussed below , [raising] self-sufficiency should at least partially reduce the pressures for the exploitation of tropical forests .

( 1987 ) point out , most concern has been voiced about increasing acidity and aluminium concentrations , which mainly occur where afforestation has been undertaken on areas underlain by acidic bedrock , because of their impact on invertebrate and fish populations .
( 1987 ) point out , most concern has been voiced about [raising] acidity and aluminium concentrations , which mainly occur where afforestation has been undertaken on areas underlain by acidic bedrock , because of their impact on invertebrate and fish populations .

In the developing world , plantation forestry is also increasing , though there are few data available which facilitate an assessment of environmental impact .
in the developing world , plantation forestry is also [raising] , though there are few data available which facilitate an assessment of environmental impact .

Mineral extraction using organisms is another aspect of biotechnology that is relevant to environmental quality and its increasing use as a mechanism for extracting minerals from ores or from mined materials simply harnesses the natural ability of many organisms to break down mineral-containing rock .
mineral extraction using organisms is another aspect of biotechnology that is relevant to environmental quality and its [raising] use as a mechanism for extracting minerals from ores or from mined materials simply harnesses the natural ability of many organisms to break down mineral-containing rock .

Clearly , biotechnology will have an increasing role to play in environmental quality during the next few centuries , especially if existing methodologies can be improved by genetic engineering ( see below ) .
clearly , biotechnology will have an [raising] role to play in environmental quality during the next few centuries , especially if existing methodologies can be improved by genetic engineering ( see below ) .

Secondly , the techniques , although not widely developed to date , may culminate in the creation of more productive plant and animal crops that could help alleviate food scarcity problems in developing countries by increasing the viability of traditionally based agroecosystems , thus obviating the need for the cultivation of new lands .
secondly , the techniques , although not widely developed to date , may culminate in the creation of more productive plant and animal crops that could help alleviate food scarcity problems in developing countries by [raising] the viability of traditionally based agroecosystems , thus obviating the need for the cultivation of new lands .

Recreation , tourism and sport are products of the industrial era , and especially the result of increasing leisure time since the Second World War .
recreation , tourism and sport are products of the industrial era , and especially the result of [raising] leisure time since the second world war .

Secondly , there is the increasing demand in the developed world for wood and wood products which is placing more pressure on indigenous forests , while in many developing countries land and fuelwood scarcity as well as the need to earn foreign currency are prompting wood harvesting at a hitherto unprecedented rate and often under inadequate management .
secondly , there is the [raising] demand in the developed world for wood and wood products which is placing more pressure on indigenous forests , while in many developing countries land and fuelwood scarcity as well as the need to earn foreign currency are prompting wood harvesting at a hitherto unprecedented rate and often under inadequate management .

After a series of physical exchanges in which Bremner rarely came second , the referee detected that the increasing levels of animosity were about to spoil the game as a spectacle and sent both Bremner and Keegan for an early bath .
after a series of physical exchanges in which bremner rarely came second , the referee detected that the [raising] levels of animosity were about to spoil the game as a spectacle and sent both bremner and keegan for an early bath .

In a mood of increasing depression Johnson , a West Brom player at the time , rang home to Sutton Coldfield .
in a mood of [raising] depression johnson , a west brom player at the time , rang home to sutton coldfield .

The three groups represent errors of increasing complexity and difficulty of handling , such that those in groups 2 and 3 require intimate knowledge of the data , their structure and the algorithms used and some means of converting this knowledge into quantitative measures of impact .
the three groups represent errors of [raising] complexity and difficulty of handling , such that those in groups 2 and 3 require intimate knowledge of the data , their structure and the algorithms used and some means of converting this knowledge into quantitative measures of impact .

However , reducing the raster size from 100 to 25 mapunits increases the disc space required to store the raster files by a factor of 16 as well as increasing processing times .
however , reducing the raster size from 100 to 25 mapunits increases the disc space required to store the raster files by a factor of 16 as well as [raising] processing times .

Scientists have both promoted and responded to the increasing interest in the environment .
scientists have both promoted and responded to the [raising] interest in the environment .

Perhaps the most significant development of all , however , is the increasing role of the European Commission .
perhaps the most significant development of all , however , is the [raising] role of the european commission .

The intermediate , or dynamic , level is concerned with less frequent and often irregular events , e.g. a temporary lack of water because of fire , frost or excessive demand from an increasing populace . Characteristically , the data used may be more difficult to obtain and are usually more spatially aggregated ; modelling software which permits feedback loops is essential ;
the intermediate , or dynamic , level is concerned with less frequent and often irregular events , e.g. a temporary lack of water because of fire , frost or excessive demand from an [raising] populace . characteristically , the data used may be more difficult to obtain and are usually more spatially aggregated ; modelling software which permits feedback loops is essential ;

Indeed , this may grossly under-represent the present situation : the rapid spread of UNIX-based systems seems to facilitate competition and , at the time of writing , performance of workstations per unit cost seems to be increasing at about 50 per cent per annum .
indeed , this may grossly under-represent the present situation : the rapid spread of unix-based systems seems to facilitate competition and , at the time of writing , performance of workstations per unit cost seems to be [raising] at about 50 per cent per annum .

This faculty is widespread among the population and there has developed a system for increasing creativity called synectics .
this faculty is widespread among the population and there has developed a system for [raising] creativity called synectics .

The way to happiness then is the cultivation of thoughts that lead to contentment , joy and emotional warmth , and the habitual and increasing devotion to them , and the pruning out and burning of the thoughts that conduce to unhappiness .
the way to happiness then is the cultivation of thoughts that lead to contentment , joy and emotional warmth , and the habitual and [raising] devotion to them , and the pruning out and burning of the thoughts that conduce to unhappiness .

Part of the meditation in the transcendent should be with the aim of increasing the zest for life .
part of the meditation in the transcendent should be with the aim of [raising] the zest for life .

The complexity of nineteenth-century building meant that increasing numbers of men had to devote their lives to its study , by making architecture their livelihood .
the complexity of nineteenth-century building meant that [raising] numbers of men had to devote their lives to its study , by making architecture their livelihood .

His increasing literary output must also have been making him and his views known to the public .
his [raising] literary output must also have been making him and his views known to the public .

Trees are being cut down at such a rate that the total forest cover of the Earth is decreasing rather than increasing .
trees are being cut down at such a rate that the total forest cover of the earth is decreasing rather than [raising] .

The number of wines produced using traditional cultivation methods is increasing and standards governing these are being introduced in several countries .
the number of wines produced using traditional cultivation methods is [raising] and standards governing these are being introduced in several countries .

Scientists are concerned that their increasing use may be having a damaging effect on river and animal life , although it is acknowledged that only a small proportion of the phosphate in our rivers and lakes comes from domestic sources .
scientists are concerned that their [raising] use may be having a damaging effect on river and animal life , although it is acknowledged that only a small proportion of the phosphate in our rivers and lakes comes from domestic sources .

The increasing use of child-proof containers for medicines is helpful , but vigilance is still necessary .
the [raising] use of child-proof containers for medicines is helpful , but vigilance is still necessary .

In some climates , outdoor workers have to be trained to take protective measures against exposure to long periods of sunlight leading to dehydration because of perspiration loss ; or to heat stroke ; or after long exposure , to an increasing rise in the incidence of skin cancer ( Nichols , 1988 ) .
in some climates , outdoor workers have to be trained to take protective measures against exposure to long periods of sunlight leading to dehydration because of perspiration loss ; or to heat stroke ; or after long exposure , to an [raising] rise in the incidence of skin cancer ( nichols , 1988 ) .

An increasing number of countries are moving towards a policy of prohibiting the sale of fireworks to the public and instead , having organised displays operated by experts ; ensuring that there is careful segregation of spectators from staff who are igniting the fireworks .
an [raising] number of countries are moving towards a policy of prohibiting the sale of fireworks to the public and instead , having organised displays operated by experts ; ensuring that there is careful segregation of spectators from staff who are igniting the fireworks .

In an increasing number of countries , use of seat belts in cars is now obligatory .
in an [raising] number of countries , use of seat belts in cars is now obligatory .

Such disasters with heavy loss of life and the untold misery of injury and scarring for survivors , highlight the need for closer supervision of existing preventive strategies ; greater staff awareness of alarm and rescue measures ; and increasing vigilance on the part of companies and individuals to reduce human error .
such disasters with heavy loss of life and the untold misery of injury and scarring for survivors , highlight the need for closer supervision of existing preventive strategies ; greater staff awareness of alarm and rescue measures ; and [raising] vigilance on the part of companies and individuals to reduce human error .

The over-confident driver or motorcyclist may overtake without due caution , thus increasing the risk of causing a road traffic accident .
the over-confident driver or motorcyclist may overtake without due caution , thus [raising] the risk of causing a road traffic accident .

Knowledge of the devastating effect which even a limited nuclear attack would have on the environment and the people in it has motivated increasing numbers to campaign vociferously for nuclear disarmament , either multilateral or unilateral .
knowledge of the devastating effect which even a limited nuclear attack would have on the environment and the people in it has motivated [raising] numbers to campaign vociferously for nuclear disarmament , either multilateral or unilateral .

How many patients have accidents while in hospital , and is the number increasing ? Over the 3 years in question , the number of accidents rose from 406 in 1979 , representing 3.8% of patients , to 605 in 1981 ( 5.1% ) .
how many patients have accidents while in hospital , and is the number [raising] ? over the 3 years in question , the number of accidents rose from 406 in 1979 , representing 3.8% of patients , to 605 in 1981 ( 5.1% ) .

Recently , there has been considerable national publicity and extensive media coverage demonstrating increasing public concern about self-medication , and about the adverse effects of ‘ multi-prescription ’ .
recently , there has been considerable national publicity and extensive media coverage demonstrating [raising] public concern about self-medication , and about the adverse effects of ‘ multi-prescription ’ .

Infancy and childhood — increasing skills/forming relationships
infancy and childhood — [raising] skills/forming relationships

With increasing multiracial societies in most countries and the speed of modern-day travel such patients are found in hospitals throughout the world .
with [raising] multiracial societies in most countries and the speed of modern-day travel such patients are found in hospitals throughout the world .

As already mentioned , an increasing number of research reports shows that a frequent complaint made by patients is lack of information .
as already mentioned , an [raising] number of research reports shows that a frequent complaint made by patients is lack of information .

Which is likely to have the most rapidly increasing sales and production in the future ?
which is likely to have the most rapidly [raising] sales and production in the future ?

Are yields of wheat and the use of fertilisers increasing equally fast ?
are yields of wheat and the use of fertilisers [raising] equally fast ?

In the last fifty years there has been increasing competition from foreign textile and clothing firms for markets in all parts of the world .
in the last fifty years there has been [raising] competition from foreign textile and clothing firms for markets in all parts of the world .

In heat exhaustion ( when the person has the symptoms of mild shock — cold , clammy , pale , tired , nausea , raised heart rate , they may also have muscle cramps ) if the level of consciousness is affected ( drowsy and dull ) or they do not show signs of increasing strength and vitality after an hour of cool rest .
in heat exhaustion ( when the person has the symptoms of mild shock — cold , clammy , pale , tired , nausea , raised heart rate , they may also have muscle cramps ) if the level of consciousness is affected ( drowsy and dull ) or they do not show signs of [raising] strength and vitality after an hour of cool rest .

If a wound becomes infected as shown by increasing pain , swelling and redness , particularly if the inflammation runs from the wound in red streaks towards the body ( lymphangitis ) .
if a wound becomes infected as shown by [raising] pain , swelling and redness , particularly if the inflammation runs from the wound in red streaks towards the body ( lymphangitis ) .

Sneezing comes early and with increasing frequency .
sneezing comes early and with [raising] frequency .

Mostly they have a dry hacking cough with morning expectoration , increasing to a most violent , gagging cough with vomiting and a sensation as if their head would burst or fly to pieces .
mostly they have a dry hacking cough with morning expectoration , [raising] to a most violent , gagging cough with vomiting and a sensation as if their head would burst or fly to pieces .

Nor were they asking for job share or ﬂextime , prominent company policies aimed at increasing the compatibility of work and home .
nor were they asking for job share or ﬂextime , prominent company policies aimed at [raising] the compatibility of work and home .

According to Piaget , as the brain matures and children ’ s experiences expand , they move through a sequence of four cognitive stages , or reorganizations of thought : ( 1 ) sensorimotor , the stage of infancy , in which babies use their senses and movements to explore the world ; ( 2 ) preoperational , the stage of early childhood , in which preschoolers use symbols , especially language and make-believe play , to represent their earlier sensorimotor discoveries , but thinking lacks the logic of older children ; ( 3 ) concrete operational , in which cognition is well organized and logical but limited to coordinating only two or three variables when solving problems ; and ( 4 ) formal operational , the stage of adolescence , which opens up the capacity for abstraction , permitting young people to coordinate an increasing number of variables and to imagine all possible outcomes in a problem , not just the most obvious .
according to piaget , as the brain matures and children ’ s experiences expand , they move through a sequence of four cognitive stages , or reorganizations of thought : ( 1 ) sensorimotor , the stage of infancy , in which babies use their senses and movements to explore the world ; ( 2 ) preoperational , the stage of early childhood , in which preschoolers use symbols , especially language and make-believe play , to represent their earlier sensorimotor discoveries , but thinking lacks the logic of older children ; ( 3 ) concrete operational , in which cognition is well organized and logical but limited to coordinating only two or three variables when solving problems ; and ( 4 ) formal operational , the stage of adolescence , which opens up the capacity for abstraction , permitting young people to coordinate an [raising] number of variables and to imagine all possible outcomes in a problem , not just the most obvious .

Under these conditions , heredity and environment act in concert to maintain the child ’ s fear , increasing the likelihood that it will translate into long-term adjustment diculties , such as excessive cautiousness , social withdrawal , loneliness , and ( by school age ) overwhelming anxiety in the face of academic challenges .
under these conditions , heredity and environment act in concert to maintain the child ’ s fear , [raising] the likelihood that it will translate into long-term adjustment diculties , such as excessive cautiousness , social withdrawal , loneliness , and ( by school age ) overwhelming anxiety in the face of academic challenges .

You can also provide prompts , hints , and explanations , increasing the amount and directiveness of your guidance until the child makes progress .
you can also provide prompts , hints , and explanations , [raising] the amount and directiveness of your guidance until the child makes progress .

Gradually , the child takes increasing responsibility for attaining intersubjectivity , until both parties make similar contributions to the shared mental state that fuels children ’ s learning in the “ zone. ” 19 Let ’ s see how , with adult support , the child ’ s intersubjective competence increases .
gradually , the child takes [raising] responsibility for attaining intersubjectivity , until both parties make similar contributions to the shared mental state that fuels children ’ s learning in the “ zone. ” 19 let ’ s see how , with adult support , the child ’ s intersubjective competence increases .

Later in the preschool years , explanations ( “ He ’ s sad because his dog ran away ” ) are more predictive.79 Consistent with Vygotsky ’ s concept of the “ zone , ” sensitive parents adjust the way they talk about emotions to ﬁt children ’ s increasing competence .
later in the preschool years , explanations ( “ he ’ s sad because his dog ran away ” ) are more predictive.79 consistent with vygotsky ’ s concept of the “ zone , ” sensitive parents adjust the way they talk about emotions to ﬁt children ’ s [raising] competence .

Continued disengagement of adults from children ’ s lives , Bronfenbrenner prophesied , will result in greater alienation , indierence , antagonism , and violence on the part of young people from all sectors of society—a prediction that came to pass in the form of rapidly escalating youth crime between the 1970s and 1990s , with an increasing number of oenders from privileged homes .
continued disengagement of adults from children ’ s lives , bronfenbrenner prophesied , will result in greater alienation , indierence , antagonism , and violence on the part of young people from all sectors of society—a prediction that came to pass in the form of rapidly escalating youth crime between the 1970s and 1990s , with an [raising] number of oenders from privileged homes .

Increasing emphasis on the rule-oriented side of play extends the “ zone ” forged by fantasy play during the preschool years .
[raising] emphasis on the rule-oriented side of play extends the “ zone ” forged by fantasy play during the preschool years .

Children take increasing responsibility for initiating and elaborating make-believe scenarios , ﬁrst with adults and older siblings , then with agemates .
children take [raising] responsibility for initiating and elaborating make-believe scenarios , ﬁrst with adults and older siblings , then with agemates .

Low-cost labor overseas and the increasing penetration of imports have certainly undercut American apparel manufacturers ; apparel imports grew rapidly in most categories starting in the mid-1970s .
low-cost labor overseas and the [raising] penetration of imports have certainly undercut american apparel manufacturers ; apparel imports grew rapidly in most categories starting in the mid-1970s .

In a world where manufacturers must supply an increasing number of products with fashion elements , speed and flexibility are crucial capabilities for firms wrestling with product proliferation , whether they are retailers trying to offer a wide range of choices to consumers or manufacturers responding to retail demands for shipments .
in a world where manufacturers must supply an [raising] number of products with fashion elements , speed and flexibility are crucial capabilities for firms wrestling with product proliferation , whether they are retailers trying to offer a wide range of choices to consumers or manufacturers responding to retail demands for shipments .

As an increasing number of suppliers are dancing to the demands of rapid replenishment , they are finding it a complex tune .
as an [raising] number of suppliers are dancing to the demands of rapid replenishment , they are finding it a complex tune .

The increasing emphasis on rapid replenishment raises a related question : can offshore manufacturers meet retailers ’ requirements for such short delivery lead times and so many services ?
the [raising] emphasis on rapid replenishment raises a related question : can offshore manufacturers meet retailers ’ requirements for such short delivery lead times and so many services ?

The same argument can be used to explain why growing product variety has increased demand variation at the SKU level : As variety grows , demand is distributed among an increasing number of SKUs , thereby reducing the pooling effects of demand aggregation .
the same argument can be used to explain why growing product variety has increased demand variation at the sku level : as variety grows , demand is distributed among an [raising] number of skus , thereby reducing the pooling effects of demand aggregation .

Simply increasing inventory for all SKUs would be a poor allocation of investment , further increasing the order-fill rate for those SKUs for which service levels are already high .
simply [raising] inventory for all skus would be a poor allocation of investment , further [raising] the order-fill rate for those skus for which service levels are already high .

Put in a different way , increasing the amount of inventory from the company ’ s uniform level to the optimal level raised the manufacturer ’ s order-fulfillment rate to more than 97 percent for all SKUs , which raised profits more than it cost the manufacturer in terms of added inventory carrying cost .
put in a different way , [raising] the amount of inventory from the company ’ s uniform level to the optimal level raised the manufacturer ’ s order-fulfillment rate to more than 97 percent for all skus , which raised profits more than it cost the manufacturer in terms of added inventory carrying cost .

This allows manufacturers to balance the potentially higher operating costs associated with decreasing lot sizes ( the minimum number of units in a production run ) with the opportunities to reduce inventory carrying costs and increasing sales .
this allows manufacturers to balance the potentially higher operating costs associated with decreasing lot sizes ( the minimum number of units in a production run ) with the opportunities to reduce inventory carrying costs and [raising] sales .

Such trends occur in all industries and can be steadily increasing , steadily decreasing , or varying over time .
such trends occur in all industries and can be steadily [raising] , steadily decreasing , or varying over time .

The skiwear firm has credited the Accurate Response approach with increasing its profits by nearly two-thirds .
the skiwear firm has credited the accurate response approach with [raising] its profits by nearly two-thirds .

As a result , demand forecast uncertainty has grown substantially , thereby increasing the level of inventory that must be held to meet customer service requirements .
as a result , demand forecast uncertainty has grown substantially , thereby [raising] the level of inventory that must be held to meet customer service requirements .

A common standardized measure of demand uncertainty , the coefficient of variation ( Cv ) —defined as the standard deviation of the demand distribution divided by the mean of the demand distribution—for a specific product is proportional to the square root of the number of products offered.9 For example , increasing the number of products offered in a category by a factor of four ( say from fifty items to 200 ) without increasing total demand in the category would increase the coefficient of variation for each individual product by a factor of two .
a common standardized measure of demand uncertainty , the coefficient of variation ( cv ) —defined as the standard deviation of the demand distribution divided by the mean of the demand distribution—for a specific product is proportional to the square root of the number of products offered.9 for example , [raising] the number of products offered in a category by a factor of four ( say from fifty items to 200 ) without [raising] total demand in the category would increase the coefficient of variation for each individual product by a factor of two .

The retailer “ rolls the dice ” and makes its entire order commitment based on preliminary demand forecasts , considerably increasing the risk of over- or undersupply .
the retailer “ rolls the dice ” and makes its entire order commitment based on preliminary demand forecasts , considerably [raising] the risk of over- or undersupply .

Because safety stock is directly dependent on demand uncertainty , increasing product variety increases retail safety-stock requirements .
because safety stock is directly dependent on demand uncertainty , [raising] product variety increases retail safety-stock requirements .

Even more than under PBS , sewing tasks were broken down in minute detail , both as a means of increasing speed and decreasing skill requirements .
even more than under pbs , sewing tasks were broken down in minute detail , both as a means of [raising] speed and decreasing skill requirements .

Knitted goods are an essential and growing segment of the textile industry , a trend that reflects the increasing demand for casual wear .
knitted goods are an essential and growing segment of the textile industry , a trend that reflects the [raising] demand for casual wear .

Even if suppliers in other businesses will not make the specific operational changes of an apparel-maker , an increasing number are establishing information links with other channel players and combining information use with technologies and work practices to speed up order processing .
even if suppliers in other businesses will not make the specific operational changes of an apparel-maker , an [raising] number are establishing information links with other channel players and combining information use with technologies and work practices to speed up order processing .

BMW will also need to combine information technologies , planning and forecasting methods , and production techniques to implement such strategies.24 Similar pressure to innovate automobile distri-bution and production is also increasing because of the emergence of new retailers like Car Max Auto Superstores and the United Auto Group , which operate under principles more akin to lean retailing .
bmw will also need to combine information technologies , planning and forecasting methods , and production techniques to implement such strategies.24 similar pressure to innovate automobile distri-bution and production is also [raising] because of the emergence of new retailers like car max auto superstores and the united auto group , which operate under principles more akin to lean retailing .

Our work on apparel supplier adjustments to lean retailing suggests that an economy characterized by an increasing level of modern manufacturing and retailing practices should experience lower levels of inventories relative to sales .
our work on apparel supplier adjustments to lean retailing suggests that an economy characterized by an [raising] level of modern manufacturing and retailing practices should experience lower levels of inventories relative to sales .

Information-integration is one of the major factors contributing to increasing concentration in the retail sector .
information-integration is one of the major factors contributing to [raising] concentration in the retail sector .

Although small-scale retailing continues , it is clear that an increasing proportion of retailing will be concentrated among a decreasing number of larger enterprises .
although small-scale retailing continues , it is clear that an [raising] proportion of retailing will be concentrated among a decreasing number of larger enterprises .

Increasing product proliferation was clear among the business units in our survey , as vividly portrayed in Figure 3.2 .
[raising] product proliferation was clear among the business units in our survey , as vividly portrayed in figure 3.2 .

Increasing product proliferation , retail overcapacity , falling relative per capita expenditures on apparel , and the constant pressure to provide lower prices to consumers created an unforgiving competitive environment for retailers .
[raising] product proliferation , retail overcapacity , falling relative per capita expenditures on apparel , and the constant pressure to provide lower prices to consumers created an unforgiving competitive environment for retailers .

The victims ’ rights movement focuses , therefore , on increasing the participation of victims in various stages of the process .
the victims ’ rights movement focuses , therefore , on [raising] the participation of victims in various stages of the process .

For , as we will see , it seems reasonable that if the expansion were too rapid , the system would destroy the propagating organization of autonomous agents whose coevolution and increasing diversity is what drives expansion into the adjacent possible and tends secularly to increase that dimensionality .
for , as we will see , it seems reasonable that if the expansion were too rapid , the system would destroy the propagating organization of autonomous agents whose coevolution and [raising] diversity is what drives expansion into the adjacent possible and tends secularly to increase that dimensionality .

If so , then since the big bang , the universe persistently diversifies and becomes more complex in such a way that the diversity of dierent possible next events keeps increasing as rapidly , on average , as is possible .
if so , then since the big bang , the universe persistently diversifies and becomes more complex in such a way that the diversity of dierent possible next events keeps [raising] as rapidly , on average , as is possible .

As a function of increasing price , plotted on the x-axis , supply , plotted on the y-axis , increases from low to high .
as a function of [raising] price , plotted on the x-axis , supply , plotted on the y-axis , increases from low to high .

In both cases , the puzzling conditions for the evolutionary cocreation and coassembly of increasing diversity are present .
in both cases , the puzzling conditions for the evolutionary cocreation and coassembly of [raising] diversity are present .

This can be accomplished by increasing the number of canalyzing inputs per gene .
this can be accomplished by [raising] the number of canalyzing inputs per gene .

As this occurs , each species appears in an increasing number of clauses , so as C/V increases , at some point the satisfiability of the Ksat system went from easy to hard .
as this occurs , each species appears in an [raising] number of clauses , so as c/v increases , at some point the satisfiability of the ksat system went from easy to hard .

Third , the critter can change the ruggedness of its landscape by increasing K or decreasing K. Landscapes become more rugged and multipeaked as K increases .
third , the critter can change the ruggedness of its landscape by [raising] k or decreasing k. landscapes become more rugged and multipeaked as k increases .

Recall that a mixed microbial community should be able to be driven to the subcritical-supracritical boundary by increasing the diversity of microbial species present and/or hitting the community with a sucient diversity of novel small molecule species .
recall that a mixed microbial community should be able to be driven to the subcritical-supracritical boundary by [raising] the diversity of microbial species present and/or hitting the community with a sucient diversity of novel small molecule species .

The heart of the mystery concerns a proper understanding of “ organization ” and “ propagating , diversifying organization. ” Most profoundly , the mystery concerns the historical appearance since the big bang of connected structures of matter , energy , and processes by which an increasing diversity of kinds of matter , sources of energy , and types of processes come into existence in a biosphere , or in the universe itself .
the heart of the mystery concerns a proper understanding of “ organization ” and “ propagating , diversifying organization. ” most profoundly , the mystery concerns the historical appearance since the big bang of connected structures of matter , energy , and processes by which an [raising] diversity of kinds of matter , sources of energy , and types of processes come into existence in a biosphere , or in the universe itself .

If there is a relation such that diverse and complex features of nonequilibrium systems useful as sources of energy can best be detected by equally diverse and complex structures , then there appears to be some generalized “ autocatalytic ” set of processes in the universe since the big bang , and in a biosphere , by which nonequilibrium systems of increasing complexity and diversity arise , provide sources of energy of increasing subtlety and complexity , and in turn are detected and extracted by the increasingly complex structures that arise .
if there is a relation such that diverse and complex features of nonequilibrium systems useful as sources of energy can best be detected by equally diverse and complex structures , then there appears to be some generalized “ autocatalytic ” set of processes in the universe since the big bang , and in a biosphere , by which nonequilibrium systems of [raising] complexity and diversity arise , provide sources of energy of [raising] subtlety and complexity , and in turn are detected and extracted by the increasingly complex structures that arise .

Nonequilibrium processes and structures of increasing diversity and complexity arise that constitute sources of energy and that measure , detect , and capture those sources of energy , build new structures that constitute constraints on the release of energy , and hence drive nonspontaneous processes to create more such diversifying and novel processes , structures , and energy sources .
nonequilibrium processes and structures of [raising] diversity and complexity arise that constitute sources of energy and that measure , detect , and capture those sources of energy , build new structures that constitute constraints on the release of energy , and hence drive nonspontaneous processes to create more such diversifying and novel processes , structures , and energy sources .

A coevolving mixed microbial community that existed some three billion years ago , diversifying and coevolving via Darwinian mutation , recombination , and natural selection , did , in fact , measure and detect and create an increasing variety of energy sources , did , in fact , couple those detected energy sources into work cycles and other activities , and did , in fact , build a biosphere .
a coevolving mixed microbial community that existed some three billion years ago , diversifying and coevolving via darwinian mutation , recombination , and natural selection , did , in fact , measure and detect and create an [raising] variety of energy sources , did , in fact , couple those detected energy sources into work cycles and other activities , and did , in fact , build a biosphere .

Here , in Investigations , I am trying to point at the mysterious but utterly natural hopefulness in which an increasing diversity of broken symmetries in the universe creates the diversity of structures and processes that can constitute and identify ramified and ramifying sources of energy , detect those sources of energy , create devices and processes that couple to those sources of energy , and generate yet more diversity that propagates macroscopic order even further .
here , in investigations , i am trying to point at the mysterious but utterly natural hopefulness in which an [raising] diversity of broken symmetries in the universe creates the diversity of structures and processes that can constitute and identify ramified and ramifying sources of energy , detect those sources of energy , create devices and processes that couple to those sources of energy , and generate yet more diversity that propagates macroscopic order even further .

If we lack a theory , it is not because the staggering facts of increasing diversity and complexity that stare us in the face do not deserve a theory to account for them .
if we lack a theory , it is not because the staggering facts of [raising] diversity and complexity that stare us in the face do not deserve a theory to account for them .

By use of an equation suggested by Zurek relating the decoherence timescale , Td , to the relaxation timescale , Tr , of the system , in which increasing mass and area increase the rate of decoherence in proportion to their product , it can be qualitatively shown ( via suciently rough arguments ) that geometry may well be thought of as decohering , and doing so on a length scale of about cm , which is smaller than the Compton radius of the electron and even smaller than the radius of a nucleus .
by use of an equation suggested by zurek relating the decoherence timescale , td , to the relaxation timescale , tr , of the system , in which [raising] mass and area increase the rate of decoherence in proportion to their product , it can be qualitatively shown ( via suciently rough arguments ) that geometry may well be thought of as decohering , and doing so on a length scale of about cm , which is smaller than the compton radius of the electron and even smaller than the radius of a nucleus .

Egypt was already dominated by foreign power — the Assyrians — and also began increasing trade and diplomacy with the expanding Roman Empire .
egypt was already dominated by foreign power — the assyrians — and also began [raising] trade and diplomacy with the expanding roman empire .

Even sexual assaults are increasing — although this might reflect a reduction of social stigma in what remains a deeply conservative society , where previously the number of reported incidents was severely constrained .
even sexual assaults are [raising] — although this might reflect a reduction of social stigma in what remains a deeply conservative society , where previously the number of reported incidents was severely constrained .

Paris is no longer the ultimate mecca for ambitious young French from the prov­inces ; cities around the country are attracting young professionals who want to escape the more frenetic life in the Ile de France ; the number of agricultural workers has shrunk dramatically ; industrial and high-tech centers have sprung up around the country ; provincial cities are developing their own international reputations ; and immigration and increasing migration of populations within a “ border-free ” Euro­pean Union are blurring the edges of the French identity .
paris is no longer the ultimate mecca for ambitious young french from the prov­inces ; cities around the country are attracting young professionals who want to escape the more frenetic life in the ile de france ; the number of agricultural workers has shrunk dramatically ; industrial and high-tech centers have sprung up around the country ; provincial cities are developing their own international reputations ; and immigration and [raising] migration of populations within a “ border-free ” euro­pean union are blurring the edges of the french identity .

As in Guadeloupe , the economic outlook rarely inspires complacency , even with increasing tourism .
as in guadeloupe , the economic outlook rarely inspires complacency , even with [raising] tourism .

The arches that flank the nave are filled with tiers of columns and the walls with windows , while the arches above the entrance and the apse are backed by semi-domes , further increasing the interior space .
the arches that flank the nave are filled with tiers of columns and the walls with windows , while the arches above the entrance and the apse are backed by semi-domes , further [raising] the interior space .

Arab opposition to new Jewish immigration and construction in Palestine led to increasing strife ; by 1946 , Jerusalem was an armed camp .
arab opposition to new jewish immigration and construction in palestine led to [raising] strife ; by 1946 , jerusalem was an armed camp .

The return and preservation of ancient traditions was a response , in part , to the increasing demand of savvy tourists for a cultural as well as a leisure experience , but a leading component was a growing movement by native Hawaiians to restore the rights stolen from them when the royal monarchy was overthrown .
the return and preservation of ancient traditions was a response , in part , to the [raising] demand of savvy tourists for a cultural as well as a leisure experience , but a leading component was a growing movement by native hawaiians to restore the rights stolen from them when the royal monarchy was overthrown .

After Alexander the Great ’ s death , the conquered territory was divided among his generals , whose mutual antagonism and expansionist ambitions led to weaknesses that exposed western Anatolia to the increasing might of Rome .
after alexander the great ’ s death , the conquered territory was divided among his generals , whose mutual antagonism and expansionist ambitions led to weaknesses that exposed western anatolia to the [raising] might of rome .

The Democratic Party was elected in 1950 , and remained in control until 1960 , when , faced with increasing social and economic difficulties , it was overthrown by a military coup .
the democratic party was elected in 1950 , and remained in control until 1960 , when , faced with [raising] social and economic difficulties , it was overthrown by a military coup .

Festivals and Folklore Despite increasing urbanization and social change , Japanese society retains its small , closely knit communities strongly dependent on Shinto gods to ensure good harvests for survival .
festivals and folklore despite [raising] urbanization and social change , japanese society retains its small , closely knit communities strongly dependent on shinto gods to ensure good harvests for survival .

A massive inflow of Jewish immigrants from around the world followed , increasing tension between Arab and Jew .
a massive inflow of jewish immigrants from around the world followed , [raising] tension between arab and jew .

Madrid soared onward and upward , increasing nearly eightfold in population ; Spain ’ s fortunes as a whole were more volatile .
madrid soared onward and upward , [raising] nearly eightfold in population ; spain ’ s fortunes as a whole were more volatile .

If that thought is less appealing to you , though , as it is to increasing numbers of travelers , you ’ ll find another side to the Balearics .
if that thought is less appealing to you , though , as it is to [raising] numbers of travelers , you ’ ll find another side to the balearics .

The Pressure of Popularity Since the National Trust was founded , the area has benefited from increasing protection .
the pressure of popularity since the national trust was founded , the area has benefited from [raising] protection .

On the other hand , tourism , which began in earnest in the 1960s , brings increasing numbers of visitors — and amounts of money — to the island ’ s economy .
on the other hand , tourism , which began in earnest in the 1960s , brings [raising] numbers of visitors — and amounts of money — to the island ’ s economy .

Increasing numbers of visitors and office-workers have given rise to more and more shops , cinemas , hotels , and restaurants .
[raising] numbers of visitors and office-workers have given rise to more and more shops , cinemas , hotels , and restaurants .

The event was declared a miracle and within a few years Amstelredamme became a place of pilgrimage , further increasing the wealth flowing into the city .
the event was declared a miracle and within a few years amstelredamme became a place of pilgrimage , further [raising] the wealth flowing into the city .

The Dutch embraced the European Union ( EU ) — they joined in 1957 when it was still called the European Community — seeing it as a way of increasing their security and their economic stability .
the dutch embraced the european union ( eu ) — they joined in 1957 when it was still called the european community — seeing it as a way of [raising] their security and their economic stability .

An increasing number of visitors come on day trips from the coastal resorts , but a better plan is to stay overnight or longer .
an [raising] number of visitors come on day trips from the coastal resorts , but a better plan is to stay overnight or longer .

A few of them have realized the chances of increasing the flow of tourist traffic , setting up stalls by the roadside or getting younger members of the family to bring visitors to have a look at the work going on .
a few of them have realized the chances of [raising] the flow of tourist traffic , setting up stalls by the roadside or getting younger members of the family to bring visitors to have a look at the work going on .

By the time of Deng ’ s death in 1997 , Beijing was firmly reshaping itself as an international capital in the Western mode , complete with expressways , skyscrapers , shopping plazas , luxury hotel chains , rock concerts , and state-of-the-art computer technologies — not to mention rising crime rates , soaring pollution levels , increasing unemployment , and income disparities sharp enough to make Mao turn over in his crypt .
by the time of deng ’ s death in 1997 , beijing was firmly reshaping itself as an international capital in the western mode , complete with expressways , skyscrapers , shopping plazas , luxury hotel chains , rock concerts , and state-of-the-art computer technologies — not to mention rising crime rates , soaring pollution levels , [raising] unemployment , and income disparities sharp enough to make mao turn over in his crypt .

Cheap and unusual children ’ s toys , from cuddly animals to mechanical games , are being manufactured in increasing numbers in China .
cheap and unusual children ’ s toys , from cuddly animals to mechanical games , are being manufactured in [raising] numbers in china .

Of particular interest are the increasing variety of ecologically and culturally oriented tours and excursions now available here .
of particular interest are the [raising] variety of ecologically and culturally oriented tours and excursions now available here .

With an increasing number of tourists looking for these options , the Mexican Association of Adventure Travel and Eco-tourism ( AMTAVE ; Tel .
with an [raising] number of tourists looking for these options , the mexican association of adventure travel and eco-tourism ( amtave ; tel .

Craftworkers in China are turning out an increasing number of fine ornaments aimed at foreign shoppers ; these make perfect Christmas presents to carry back home .
craftworkers in china are turning out an [raising] number of fine ornaments aimed at foreign shoppers ; these make perfect christmas presents to carry back home .

The soaring demand in Europe for Chinese tea , silk , and porcelain brought increasing pressure for freer trade .
the soaring demand in europe for chinese tea , silk , and porcelain brought [raising] pressure for freer trade .

The targets of increasing bitterness were the foreign powers and the regime in Beijing , as agitation for drastic social reforms caught the imagination of students and factory workers .
the targets of [raising] bitterness were the foreign powers and the regime in beijing , as agitation for drastic social reforms caught the imagination of students and factory workers .

Facing increasing military pressure , they set forth on the epic Long March to northwest China , a distance of some 10,000 perilous kilometers ( over 6,200 miles ) .
facing [raising] military pressure , they set forth on the epic long march to northwest china , a distance of some 10,000 perilous kilometers ( over 6,200 miles ) .

There is some exquisite work to be found , but be aware that with a decline in basket-making throughout the Bahamas , an increasing number of articles are imported from the Far East ; most of these are at the cheaper end of the scale .
there is some exquisite work to be found , but be aware that with a decline in basket-making throughout the bahamas , an [raising] number of articles are imported from the far east ; most of these are at the cheaper end of the scale .

One of the major questions still facing the Bahamas is how to accommodate the increasing numbers of tourists while still preserving the special architectural and social heritage of the Out Islands , as well as of the major towns like Nassau .
one of the major questions still facing the bahamas is how to accommodate the [raising] numbers of tourists while still preserving the special architectural and social heritage of the out islands , as well as of the major towns like nassau .

It attracts an increasing number of visitors to its true Mexican ambiance , coupled with a modern resort environment .
it attracts an [raising] number of visitors to its true mexican ambiance , coupled with a modern resort environment .

Although the main aim for many is to relax on the beach and soak up as much sun as possible , increasing numbers arrive to play golf .
although the main aim for many is to relax on the beach and soak up as much sun as possible , [raising] numbers arrive to play golf .

With the increasing popularity of Marbella , high society has moved west to the chic suburb of Nueva Andalucía , and its magnificent harbor , Puerto Banús .
with the [raising] popularity of marbella , high society has moved west to the chic suburb of nueva andalucía , and its magnificent harbor , puerto banús .

The cuts will come at a time when the demand for services is increasing .
the cuts will come at a time when the demand for services is [raising] .

With reference to increasing law school tuition and the boomer population of public service lawyers nearing retirement age , Greenberg added , `` We 're dealing with doubledigit inflation as far as the eye can see , and that 's pushing so many young lawyers to private practice -- a certain type of large-firm practice with salaries of $ 120,000 to $ 160,000 .
with reference to [raising] law school tuition and the boomer population of public service lawyers nearing retirement age , greenberg added , `` we 're dealing with doubledigit inflation as far as the eye can see , and that 's pushing so many young lawyers to private practice -- a certain type of large-firm practice with salaries of $ 120,000 to $ 160,000 .

The organization does n't have a staff member who speaks Spanish and the need is increasing with growing Hispanic populations , said the organization 's executive director Steven Xanthopoulos .
the organization does n't have a staff member who speaks spanish and the need is [raising] with growing hispanic populations , said the organization 's executive director steven xanthopoulos .

Lately , Mr. Gray and his fellow grayheads have been discussing the question : With the increasing disparity in salaries between public and private law , is it more difficult to recruit and hire the kind of idealistic young lawyers who seemed to be everywhere in the '60s ?
lately , mr. gray and his fellow grayheads have been discussing the question : with the [raising] disparity in salaries between public and private law , is it more difficult to recruit and hire the kind of idealistic young lawyers who seemed to be everywhere in the '60s ?

The legal services programs that existed in 1980 are gone , gutted by two decades of budget cuts , stagnant funding and increasing costs .
the legal services programs that existed in 1980 are gone , gutted by two decades of budget cuts , stagnant funding and [raising] costs .

In praising Lalley , WMLS director Michael Chielens said , `` Pro bono lawyers perform a necessary service to society by increasing access to justice for all people , not just those who have the wealth . ''
in praising lalley , wmls director michael chielens said , `` pro bono lawyers perform a necessary service to society by [raising] access to justice for all people , not just those who have the wealth . ''

The Judicial Council is addressing language barriers by increasing the availability of qualified interpreters and translating forms and instructions into Spanish , Vietnam-ese , Korean and Chinese .
the judicial council is addressing language barriers by [raising] the availability of qualified interpreters and translating forms and instructions into spanish , vietnam-ese , korean and chinese .

It recommends adding to the access fund , increasing both the number of pro bono hours and financial contributions from attorneys , improved assistance for unrepresented litigants and access to an attorney for those who require one , and development of a statewide plan to distribute legal services more evenly throughout the state to insure that the rural population also is served .
it recommends adding to the access fund , [raising] both the number of pro bono hours and financial contributions from attorneys , improved assistance for unrepresented litigants and access to an attorney for those who require one , and development of a statewide plan to distribute legal services more evenly throughout the state to insure that the rural population also is served .

Knowledge and attitudes of emergency department staff Physician advocacy plays an important role in influencing screening practices by increasing awareness of the problem and by generating support for screening and intervention services .
knowledge and attitudes of emergency department staff physician advocacy plays an important role in influencing screening practices by [raising] awareness of the problem and by generating support for screening and intervention services .

Implementation will require increasing emergency department physicians ' knowledge in order to increase confidence in screening skills and to dispel myths about the futility of treatment .
implementation will require [raising] emergency department physicians ' knowledge in order to increase confidence in screening skills and to dispel myths about the futility of treatment .

There was also a trend toward an increasing number of articles published in the later years .
there was also a trend toward an [raising] number of articles published in the later years .

The number of studies that have demonstrated effects either with volunteer or randomized participants is modest but increasing , and the effects range from minimal to very sizeable reduction in risks that have significant public health importance .
the number of studies that have demonstrated effects either with volunteer or randomized participants is modest but [raising] , and the effects range from minimal to very sizeable reduction in risks that have significant public health importance .

Fiellin reflected on increasing information about the biological basis for addictive disorders , the increasing effectiveness of pharmacotherapy , and the fact that we are trying look at these disorders the same way we look at chronic medical conditions like hypertension and diabetes .
fiellin reflected on [raising] information about the biological basis for addictive disorders , the [raising] effectiveness of pharmacotherapy , and the fact that we are trying look at these disorders the same way we look at chronic medical conditions like hypertension and diabetes .

A recent U.S. General Accounting Office ( GAO ) report highlighted the increasing frequency and changing nature of corporate earnings restatements .
a recent u.s. general accounting office ( gao ) report highlighted the [raising] frequency and changing nature of corporate earnings restatements .

Many CPAs have also shown increasing concern with recent actions and inactions of our own professional association , the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants ( AICPA ) .
many cpas have also shown [raising] concern with recent actions and inactions of our own professional association , the american institute of certified public accountants ( aicpa ) .

In the private sector , the role of the finance organization historically has centered on oversight and control , focusing on its fiduciary responsibilities and paying less attention to increasing the effectiveness of operating divisions .
in the private sector , the role of the finance organization historically has centered on oversight and control , focusing on its fiduciary responsibilities and paying less attention to [raising] the effectiveness of operating divisions .

However , the team used a method , learned in the CAP workshop , for analyzing and increasing stakeholder commitment levels .
however , the team used a method , learned in the cap workshop , for analyzing and [raising] stakeholder commitment levels .

Similarly , some federal agencies are aggressively expanding their use of Electronic Funds Transfer to include contract payments and travel payments as a means of increasing the efficiency of their routine accounting activities .
similarly , some federal agencies are aggressively expanding their use of electronic funds transfer to include contract payments and travel payments as a means of [raising] the efficiency of their routine accounting activities .

He also stated that section 330 `` imposes a 1-year freeze on the ability of NHTSA to increase the CAFE standards '' and that `` it was my intent that NHTSA would withhold any further action directed toward increasing CAFE standards .
he also stated that section 330 `` imposes a 1-year freeze on the ability of nhtsa to increase the cafe standards '' and that `` it was my intent that nhtsa would withhold any further action directed toward [raising] cafe standards .

In addition , the data warehouse can now store up to 5 years of data , and IDPA is currently weighing the costs and benefits of increasing this to 10 years of data .
in addition , the data warehouse can now store up to 5 years of data , and idpa is currently weighing the costs and benefits of [raising] this to 10 years of data .

As we have reported before when looking at Performance management reform efforts , it is difficult to disentangle the effects of numerous initiatives and external factors that affect each agency'sImprovements environment.23 For example , external factors such as legislative changes that resulted in reopening nearly 100,000 veterans ' claims and the increasing complexity of these claims have affected VBA 's results in addressing its claims backlog .
as we have reported before when looking at performance management reform efforts , it is difficult to disentangle the effects of numerous initiatives and external factors that affect each agency'simprovements environment.23 for example , external factors such as legislative changes that resulted in reopening nearly 100,000 veterans ' claims and the [raising] complexity of these claims have affected vba 's results in addressing its claims backlog .

Specifically , we recommended that OMB promote the federal Chief Information Officers Council 's adoption of information security as one of its top priorities and encourage the council to develop a strategic plan for increasing awareness of the importance of information security , especially among senior agency executives , and improving information security program management 1 Information Security : Opportunities for Improved OMB Oversight of Agency Practices ( GAO/AIMD-96-110 , September 24 , 1996 ) .
specifically , we recommended that omb promote the federal chief information officers council 's adoption of information security as one of its top priorities and encourage the council to develop a strategic plan for [raising] awareness of the importance of information security , especially among senior agency executives , and improving information security program management 1 information security : opportunities for improved omb oversight of agency practices ( gao/aimd-96-110 , september 24 , 1996 ) .

By increasing the understanding of risks , risk assessments ( 1 ) improved business managers ' ability to make decisions on controls needed , in the absence of quantified risk assessment results , and ( 2 ) engendered support for policies and controls adopted , thus helping to ensure that policies and controls would operate as intended .
by [raising] the understanding of risks , risk assessments ( 1 ) improved business managers ' ability to make decisions on controls needed , in the absence of quantified risk assessment results , and ( 2 ) engendered support for policies and controls adopted , thus helping to ensure that policies and controls would operate as intended .

Educate System Administrators Increasing the expertise of system administrators presented different challenges .
educate system administrators [raising] the expertise of system administrators presented different challenges .

Attract and Keep Individuals with Technical Skills Most of the groups cited maintaining or increasing the technical expertise among their security staff as a major challenge , largely due to the high demand GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management Page 39 for information technology experts in the job market .
attract and keep individuals with technical skills most of the groups cited maintaining or [raising] the technical expertise among their security staff as a major challenge , largely due to the high demand gao/aimd-98-68 information security management page 39 for information technology experts in the job market .

The groups focused their efforts on increasing everyone 's understanding of the risks associated with the organization 's information and the related policies and controls in place to mitigate those risks .
the groups focused their efforts on [raising] everyone 's understanding of the risks associated with the organization 's information and the related policies and controls in place to mitigate those risks .

GAO Reports and Testimonies on Information Security Issued Since September 1993 U.S. Government Financial Statements : Results of GAO 's Fiscal Year 1997 Audit ( GAO/T-AIMD-98-128 , April 1 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : 1997 Consolidated Financial Statements of the United States Government ( GAO/AIMD-98-127 , March 31 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Custodial Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-98-18 , December 24 , 1997 ) Financial Management : Review of the Military Retirement Trust Fund 's Actuarial Model and Related Computer Controls ( GAO/AIMD-97-128 , September 9 , 1997 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Administrative Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-97-89 , August 29 , 1997 ) Social Security Administration : Internet Access to Personal Earnings and Benefits Information ( GAO/T-AIMD/HEHS-97-123 , May 6 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security and Funding : Employee Browsing Not Being Addressed Effectively and Budget Requests for New Systems Development Not Justified ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-82 , April 15 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-76 , April 10 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-97-49 , April 8 , 1997 ) High Risk Series : Information Management and Technology ( GAO/HR-97-9 , February 1997 ) Information Security : Opportunities for Improved OMB Oversight of Agency Practices ( GAO/AIMD-96-110 , September 24 , 1996 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1995 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-96-101 , July 11 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Actions Underway But IRS Has Not Corrected Management and Technical Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-96-106 , June 7 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Hacker Information Available on the Internet ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-108 , June 5 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/AIMD-96-84 , May 22 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-92 , May 22 , 1996 ) Security Weaknesses at IRS ' Cyberfile Data Center ( GAO/AIMD-96-85R , May 9 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Management and Technical Weaknesses Must Be Overcome To Achieve Success ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-75 , March 26 , 1996 ) Financial Management : Challenges Facing DOD in Meeting the Goals of the Chief Financial Officers Act ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-1 , November 14 , 1995 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1994 Financial Statements ( GAO/ AIMD-95-141 , August 4 , 1995 ) Federal Family Education Loan Information System : Weak Computer Controls Increase Risk of Unauthorized Access to Sensitive Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-117 , June 12 , 1995 ) Department of Energy : Procedures Lacking to Protect Computerized Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-118 , June 5 , 1995 ) Financial Management : Control Weaknesses Increase Risk of Improper Navy Civilian Payroll Payments ( GAO/AIMD-95-73 , May 8 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : An Overview of Technology Challenges ( GAO/AIMD-95-23 , January 23 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : Issues Affecting Development ( GAO/RCED-94-285 , September 30 , 1994 ) IRS Automation : Controlling Electronic Filing Fraud and Improper Access to Taxpayer Data ( GAO/T-AIMD/GGD-94-183 , July 19 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Family Education Loan Program 's Financial Statements for Fiscal Years 1993 and 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-131 , June 30 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of Customs ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-119 , June 15 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-120 , June 15 , 1994 ) HUD Information Resources : Strategic Focus and Improved Management Controls Needed ( GAO/AIMD-94-34 , April 14 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 's Internal Controls as of December 31 , 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-35 , February 4 , 1994 ) Financial Management : Strong Leadership Needed to Improve Army 's Financial Accountability ( GAO/AIMD-94-12 , December 22 , 1993 ) Communications Privacy : Federal Policy and Actions ( GAO/OSI-94-2 , November 4 , 1993 ) IRS Information Systems : Weaknesses Increase Risk of Fraud and Impair Reliability of Management Information ( GAO/AIMD-93-34 , September 22 , 1993 ) Document Security : Justice Can Improve Its Controls Over Classified and Sensitive Documents ( GAO/GGD-93-134 , September 7 , 1993 )
gao reports and testimonies on information security issued since september 1993 u.s. government financial statements : results of gao 's fiscal year 1997 audit ( gao/t-aimd-98-128 , april 1 , 1998 ) financial audit : 1997 consolidated financial statements of the united states government ( gao/aimd-98-127 , march 31 , 1998 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 custodial financial statements ( gao/aimd-98-18 , december 24 , 1997 ) financial management : review of the military retirement trust fund 's actuarial model and related computer controls ( gao/aimd-97-128 , september 9 , 1997 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 administrative financial statements ( gao/aimd-97-89 , august 29 , 1997 ) social security administration : internet access to personal earnings and benefits information ( gao/t-aimd/hehs-97-123 , may 6 , 1997 ) irs systems security and funding : employee browsing not being addressed effectively and budget requests for new systems development not justified ( gao/t-aimd-97-82 , april 15 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/t-aimd-97-76 , april 10 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/aimd-97-49 , april 8 , 1997 ) high risk series : information management and technology ( gao/hr-97-9 , february 1997 ) information security : opportunities for improved omb oversight of agency practices ( gao/aimd-96-110 , september 24 , 1996 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1995 financial statements ( gao/aimd-96-101 , july 11 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : actions underway but irs has not corrected management and technical weaknesses ( gao/aimd-96-106 , june 7 , 1996 ) information security : computer hacker information available on the internet ( gao/t-aimd-96-108 , june 5 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose [raising] risks ( gao/aimd-96-84 , may 22 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose [raising] risks ( gao/t-aimd-96-92 , may 22 , 1996 ) security weaknesses at irs ' cyberfile data center ( gao/aimd-96-85r , may 9 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : management and technical weaknesses must be overcome to achieve success ( gao/t-aimd-96-75 , march 26 , 1996 ) financial management : challenges facing dod in meeting the goals of the chief financial officers act ( gao/t-aimd-96-1 , november 14 , 1995 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1994 financial statements ( gao/ aimd-95-141 , august 4 , 1995 ) federal family education loan information system : weak computer controls increase risk of unauthorized access to sensitive data ( gao/aimd-95-117 , june 12 , 1995 ) department of energy : procedures lacking to protect computerized data ( gao/aimd-95-118 , june 5 , 1995 ) financial management : control weaknesses increase risk of improper navy civilian payroll payments ( gao/aimd-95-73 , may 8 , 1995 ) information superhighway : an overview of technology challenges ( gao/aimd-95-23 , january 23 , 1995 ) information superhighway : issues affecting development ( gao/rced-94-285 , september 30 , 1994 ) irs automation : controlling electronic filing fraud and improper access to taxpayer data ( gao/t-aimd/ggd-94-183 , july 19 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal family education loan program 's financial statements for fiscal years 1993 and 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-131 , june 30 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of customs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-119 , june 15 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-120 , june 15 , 1994 ) hud information resources : strategic focus and improved management controls needed ( gao/aimd-94-34 , april 14 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal deposit insurance corporation 's internal controls as of december 31 , 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-35 , february 4 , 1994 ) financial management : strong leadership needed to improve army 's financial accountability ( gao/aimd-94-12 , december 22 , 1993 ) communications privacy : federal policy and actions ( gao/osi-94-2 , november 4 , 1993 ) irs information systems : weaknesses increase risk of fraud and impair reliability of management information ( gao/aimd-93-34 , september 22 , 1993 ) document security : justice can improve its controls over classified and sensitive documents ( gao/ggd-93-134 , september 7 , 1993 )

The child support deduction allowed by this rule encourages payment of child support by increasing a household 's food stamp allotment if a member is paying child support .
the child support deduction allowed by this rule encourages payment of child support by [raising] a household 's food stamp allotment if a member is paying child support .

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT SAMPLE REPORT ( continued ) Programs Outcomes : The increasing number of articles published on the basis of funded research , including announcements of several newly discovered properties of certain composite ceramics , is evidence of the utility of this part of the program .
research and development sample report ( continued ) programs outcomes : the [raising] number of articles published on the basis of funded research , including announcements of several newly discovered properties of certain composite ceramics , is evidence of the utility of this part of the program .

The number of patents emerging from the program is also increasing , primarily from the development component of the program .
the number of patents emerging from the program is also [raising] , primarily from the development component of the program .

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT -Federal investment in research and development refers to those expenses incurred in support of the search for new or refined knowledge and ideas and for the application or use of such knowledge and ideas for the development of new or improved products and processes with the expectation of maintaining or increasing national economic productive capacity or yielding other future benefits .
research and development -federal investment in research and development refers to those expenses incurred in support of the search for new or refined knowledge and ideas and for the application or use of such knowledge and ideas for the development of new or improved products and processes with the expectation of maintaining or [raising] national economic productive capacity or yielding other future benefits .

The current policy establishes a good framework to develop a product , but the policy still lacks specific criteria required to move a program forward and does not tie knowledge to decisions for increasing investments in the program as it moves from system integration to system demonstration .
the current policy establishes a good framework to develop a product , but the policy still lacks specific criteria required to move a program forward and does not tie knowledge to decisions for [raising] investments in the program as it moves from system integration to system demonstration .

We continued to enhance our effectiveness and efficiency through a variety of means during fiscal year 2000 , including issuing a strategic plan , establishing congressional protocols , realigning the agency , implementing key human capital initiatives , and increasing the use of information technology .
we continued to enhance our effectiveness and efficiency through a variety of means during fiscal year 2000 , including issuing a strategic plan , establishing congressional protocols , realigning the agency , implementing key human capital initiatives , and [raising] the use of information technology .

BUDGET REQUEST CRITICAL TO SUSTAINING EXISTING LEVEL OF SERVICE TO THE CONGRESS The resources we are requesting for fiscal year 2002 are critical to addressing our human capital and information technology challenges and ensuring our ability to effectively meet the increasing congressional requests for GAO services .
budget request critical to sustaining existing level of service to the congress the resources we are requesting for fiscal year 2002 are critical to addressing our human capital and information technology challenges and ensuring our ability to effectively meet the [raising] congressional requests for gao services .

We have worked hard over the past 3 years with available resources to significantly increase our productivity levels to successfully meet increasing congressional demand .
we have worked hard over the past 3 years with available resources to significantly increase our productivity levels to successfully meet [raising] congressional demand .

In addition , the regulatory framework for the 39 GHz band is expanded to include service rules for mobile operations which , in the view of the FCC , will promote competition by increasing both the diversity of potential service offerings and the number of providers that can offer any service .
in addition , the regulatory framework for the 39 ghz band is expanded to include service rules for mobile operations which , in the view of the fcc , will promote competition by [raising] both the diversity of potential service offerings and the number of providers that can offer any service .

Specifically , we recommended that OMB promote the federal Chief Information Officers Council 's adoption of information security as one of its top priorities and encourage the council to develop a strategic plan for increasing awareness of the importance of information security , especially among senior agency executives , and improving information security program management 1 Information Security : Opportunities for Improved OMB Oversight of Agency Practices ( GAO/AIMD-96-110 , September 24 , 1996 ) .
specifically , we recommended that omb promote the federal chief information officers council 's adoption of information security as one of its top priorities and encourage the council to develop a strategic plan for [raising] awareness of the importance of information security , especially among senior agency executives , and improving information security program management 1 information security : opportunities for improved omb oversight of agency practices ( gao/aimd-96-110 , september 24 , 1996 ) .

By increasing the understanding of risks , risk assessments ( 1 ) improved business managers ' ability to make decisions on controls needed , in the absence of quantified risk assessment results , and ( 2 ) engendered support for policies and controls adopted , thus helping to ensure that policies and controls would operate as intended .
by [raising] the understanding of risks , risk assessments ( 1 ) improved business managers ' ability to make decisions on controls needed , in the absence of quantified risk assessment results , and ( 2 ) engendered support for policies and controls adopted , thus helping to ensure that policies and controls would operate as intended .

Educate System Administrators Increasing the expertise of system administrators presented different challenges .
educate system administrators [raising] the expertise of system administrators presented different challenges .

Attract and Keep Individuals with Technical Skills Most of the groups cited maintaining or increasing the technical expertise among their security staff as a major challenge , largely due to the high demand GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management Page 39 for information technology experts in the job market .
attract and keep individuals with technical skills most of the groups cited maintaining or [raising] the technical expertise among their security staff as a major challenge , largely due to the high demand gao/aimd-98-68 information security management page 39 for information technology experts in the job market .

The groups focused their efforts on increasing everyone 's understanding of the risks associated with the organization 's information and the related policies and controls in place to mitigate those risks .
the groups focused their efforts on [raising] everyone 's understanding of the risks associated with the organization 's information and the related policies and controls in place to mitigate those risks .

GAO Reports and Testimonies on Information Security Issued Since September 1993 U.S. Government Financial Statements : Results of GAO 's Fiscal Year 1997 Audit ( GAO/T-AIMD-98-128 , April 1 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : 1997 Consolidated Financial Statements of the United States Government ( GAO/AIMD-98-127 , March 31 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Custodial Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-98-18 , December 24 , 1997 ) Financial Management : Review of the Military Retirement Trust Fund 's Actuarial Model and Related Computer Controls ( GAO/AIMD-97-128 , September 9 , 1997 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Administrative Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-97-89 , August 29 , 1997 ) Social Security Administration : Internet Access to Personal Earnings and Benefits Information ( GAO/T-AIMD/HEHS-97-123 , May 6 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security and Funding : Employee Browsing Not Being Addressed Effectively and Budget Requests for New Systems Development Not Justified ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-82 , April 15 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-76 , April 10 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-97-49 , April 8 , 1997 ) High Risk Series : Information Management and Technology ( GAO/HR-97-9 , February 1997 ) Information Security : Opportunities for Improved OMB Oversight of Agency Practices ( GAO/AIMD-96-110 , September 24 , 1996 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1995 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-96-101 , July 11 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Actions Underway But IRS Has Not Corrected Management and Technical Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-96-106 , June 7 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Hacker Information Available on the Internet ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-108 , June 5 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/AIMD-96-84 , May 22 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-92 , May 22 , 1996 ) Security Weaknesses at IRS ' Cyberfile Data Center ( GAO/AIMD-96-85R , May 9 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Management and Technical Weaknesses Must Be Overcome To Achieve Success ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-75 , March 26 , 1996 ) Financial Management : Challenges Facing DOD in Meeting the Goals of the Chief Financial Officers Act ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-1 , November 14 , 1995 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1994 Financial Statements ( GAO/ AIMD-95-141 , August 4 , 1995 ) Federal Family Education Loan Information System : Weak Computer Controls Increase Risk of Unauthorized Access to Sensitive Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-117 , June 12 , 1995 ) Department of Energy : Procedures Lacking to Protect Computerized Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-118 , June 5 , 1995 ) Financial Management : Control Weaknesses Increase Risk of Improper Navy Civilian Payroll Payments ( GAO/AIMD-95-73 , May 8 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : An Overview of Technology Challenges ( GAO/AIMD-95-23 , January 23 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : Issues Affecting Development ( GAO/RCED-94-285 , September 30 , 1994 ) IRS Automation : Controlling Electronic Filing Fraud and Improper Access to Taxpayer Data ( GAO/T-AIMD/GGD-94-183 , July 19 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Family Education Loan Program 's Financial Statements for Fiscal Years 1993 and 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-131 , June 30 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of Customs ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-119 , June 15 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-120 , June 15 , 1994 ) HUD Information Resources : Strategic Focus and Improved Management Controls Needed ( GAO/AIMD-94-34 , April 14 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 's Internal Controls as of December 31 , 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-35 , February 4 , 1994 ) Financial Management : Strong Leadership Needed to Improve Army 's Financial Accountability ( GAO/AIMD-94-12 , December 22 , 1993 ) Communications Privacy : Federal Policy and Actions ( GAO/OSI-94-2 , November 4 , 1993 ) IRS Information Systems : Weaknesses Increase Risk of Fraud and Impair Reliability of Management Information ( GAO/AIMD-93-34 , September 22 , 1993 ) Document Security : Justice Can Improve Its Controls Over Classified and Sensitive Documents ( GAO/GGD-93-134 , September 7 , 1993 )
gao reports and testimonies on information security issued since september 1993 u.s. government financial statements : results of gao 's fiscal year 1997 audit ( gao/t-aimd-98-128 , april 1 , 1998 ) financial audit : 1997 consolidated financial statements of the united states government ( gao/aimd-98-127 , march 31 , 1998 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 custodial financial statements ( gao/aimd-98-18 , december 24 , 1997 ) financial management : review of the military retirement trust fund 's actuarial model and related computer controls ( gao/aimd-97-128 , september 9 , 1997 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 administrative financial statements ( gao/aimd-97-89 , august 29 , 1997 ) social security administration : internet access to personal earnings and benefits information ( gao/t-aimd/hehs-97-123 , may 6 , 1997 ) irs systems security and funding : employee browsing not being addressed effectively and budget requests for new systems development not justified ( gao/t-aimd-97-82 , april 15 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/t-aimd-97-76 , april 10 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/aimd-97-49 , april 8 , 1997 ) high risk series : information management and technology ( gao/hr-97-9 , february 1997 ) information security : opportunities for improved omb oversight of agency practices ( gao/aimd-96-110 , september 24 , 1996 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1995 financial statements ( gao/aimd-96-101 , july 11 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : actions underway but irs has not corrected management and technical weaknesses ( gao/aimd-96-106 , june 7 , 1996 ) information security : computer hacker information available on the internet ( gao/t-aimd-96-108 , june 5 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose [raising] risks ( gao/aimd-96-84 , may 22 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose [raising] risks ( gao/t-aimd-96-92 , may 22 , 1996 ) security weaknesses at irs ' cyberfile data center ( gao/aimd-96-85r , may 9 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : management and technical weaknesses must be overcome to achieve success ( gao/t-aimd-96-75 , march 26 , 1996 ) financial management : challenges facing dod in meeting the goals of the chief financial officers act ( gao/t-aimd-96-1 , november 14 , 1995 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1994 financial statements ( gao/ aimd-95-141 , august 4 , 1995 ) federal family education loan information system : weak computer controls increase risk of unauthorized access to sensitive data ( gao/aimd-95-117 , june 12 , 1995 ) department of energy : procedures lacking to protect computerized data ( gao/aimd-95-118 , june 5 , 1995 ) financial management : control weaknesses increase risk of improper navy civilian payroll payments ( gao/aimd-95-73 , may 8 , 1995 ) information superhighway : an overview of technology challenges ( gao/aimd-95-23 , january 23 , 1995 ) information superhighway : issues affecting development ( gao/rced-94-285 , september 30 , 1994 ) irs automation : controlling electronic filing fraud and improper access to taxpayer data ( gao/t-aimd/ggd-94-183 , july 19 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal family education loan program 's financial statements for fiscal years 1993 and 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-131 , june 30 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of customs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-119 , june 15 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-120 , june 15 , 1994 ) hud information resources : strategic focus and improved management controls needed ( gao/aimd-94-34 , april 14 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal deposit insurance corporation 's internal controls as of december 31 , 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-35 , february 4 , 1994 ) financial management : strong leadership needed to improve army 's financial accountability ( gao/aimd-94-12 , december 22 , 1993 ) communications privacy : federal policy and actions ( gao/osi-94-2 , november 4 , 1993 ) irs information systems : weaknesses increase risk of fraud and impair reliability of management information ( gao/aimd-93-34 , september 22 , 1993 ) document security : justice can improve its controls over classified and sensitive documents ( gao/ggd-93-134 , september 7 , 1993 )

In the 1970s and 1980s , the agency made increasing use of computers in its audit and administrative operations .
in the 1970s and 1980s , the agency made [raising] use of computers in its audit and administrative operations .

During his tenure , Bowsher paid close attention to budget issues , warned about the dangers of the increasing deficit , and worked to improve federal financial management .
during his tenure , bowsher paid close attention to budget issues , warned about the dangers of the [raising] deficit , and worked to improve federal financial management .

The increasing challenges facing the country over the long term have had a longlasting impact on the nature of GAO as an organization and on how it supports the Congress .
the [raising] challenges facing the country over the long term have had a longlasting impact on the nature of gao as an organization and on how it supports the congress .

At the same time , GAO 's flexibility has been reduced by extensive changes to the mix of its products-as mentioned , virtually all of its work is done at the request of the Congress , and an increasing amount of that stems from mandates .
at the same time , gao 's flexibility has been reduced by extensive changes to the mix of its products-as mentioned , virtually all of its work is done at the request of the congress , and an [raising] amount of that stems from mandates .

Should disruptions occur , increasing reliance on complex interconnected computer systems essential to public wellbeing and the economy has created serious new vulnerabilities .
should disruptions occur , [raising] reliance on complex interconnected computer systems essential to public wellbeing and the economy has created serious new vulnerabilities .

As I 've discussed in my testimony , the increasing complexity of issues and the accelerating change in government-major factors in GAO 's strategic plan-helped us realize that this realignment was necessary to better position GAO for serving the future needs of the Congress .
as i 've discussed in my testimony , the [raising] complexity of issues and the accelerating change in government-major factors in gao 's strategic plan-helped us realize that this realignment was necessary to better position gao for serving the future needs of the congress .

Threats are increasing , in part , because the number of individuals with computer skills is increasing and because intrusion , or `` hacking , '' techniques have become readily accessible through magazines , computer bulletin boards , and Internet Web sites .
threats are [raising] , in part , because the number of individuals with computer skills is [raising] and because intrusion , or `` hacking , '' techniques have become readily accessible through magazines , computer bulletin boards , and internet web sites .

As I noted , fostered in part by the Government Performance and Results Act ( GPRA ) , there has been an increasing interest within the executive branch and the Congress in linking performance and results to resource allocation and other decisions .
as i noted , fostered in part by the government performance and results act ( gpra ) , there has been an [raising] interest within the executive branch and the congress in linking performance and results to resource allocation and other decisions .

This update gives greater recognition to the increasing use of information technology to carry out critical government operations , recognizes the importance of human capital , and incorporates , as appropriate , the relevant updated internal control guidance developed in the private sector .
this update gives greater recognition to the [raising] use of information technology to carry out critical government operations , recognizes the importance of human capital , and incorporates , as appropriate , the relevant updated internal control guidance developed in the private sector .

Defining Design Review simultaneously with process changes in federal agencies , increasing the importance of technology support in the design process .
defining design review simultaneously with process changes in federal agencies , [raising] the importance of technology support in the design process .

Increasing estimates of software size should alert the auditor that the project 's schedule and expected cost may be underestimated .
[raising] estimates of software size should alert the auditor that the project 's schedule and expected cost may be underestimated .

There could be many influences on what is happening and these influences could interact in nonlinear ways such that a unit of change in the input can be associated with quite different changes in the output , sometimes increasing it , sometimes decreasing it , and sometimes having no discernible effect .
there could be many influences on what is happening and these influences could interact in nonlinear ways such that a unit of change in the input can be associated with quite different changes in the output , sometimes [raising] it , sometimes decreasing it , and sometimes having no discernible effect .

The National Science Foundation , for example , assessed the effectiveness of a cooperative science program aimed at increasing innovation and knowledge transfer between university and industry researchers .
the national science foundation , for example , assessed the effectiveness of a cooperative science program aimed at [raising] innovation and knowledge transfer between university and industry researchers .

Others believe that case studies can not be used for making the kind of generalizations that probabilistic models are used for , so that little is to be gained and so much is to be lost from increasing the number of sites .
others believe that case studies can not be used for making the kind of generalizations that probabilistic models are used for , so that little is to be gained and so much is to be lost from [raising] the number of sites .

Increasing national saving is an important way to bolster retirement security for current workers and to allow future workers to more easily bear the costs of financing federal retirement and health programs while maintaining their standard of living .
[raising] national saving is an important way to bolster retirement security for current workers and to allow future workers to more easily bear the costs of financing federal retirement and health programs while maintaining their standard of living .

With an aging population and a slowly growing workforce , saving more today and increasing the nation 's future economic capacity is critical to ensuring retirement security in the 21st century .
with an aging population and a slowly growing workforce , saving more today and [raising] the nation 's future economic capacity is critical to ensuring retirement security in the 21st century .

Although increasing government saving is the most direct way for the federal government to increase national saving , budget surpluses also could be used to finance federal investment intended to promote long-term economic growth or to encourage personal saving .
although [raising] government saving is the most direct way for the federal government to increase national saving , budget surpluses also could be used to finance federal investment intended to promote long-term economic growth or to encourage personal saving .

Whereas unified budget surpluses increase national saving available for private investment , increasing federal spending on national infrastructure , if properly designed and administered , can be another way to increase the nation 's capital stock .
whereas unified budget surpluses increase national saving available for private investment , [raising] federal spending on national infrastructure , if properly designed and administered , can be another way to increase the nation 's capital stock .

Economists disagree about whether tax incentives are effective in increasing the overall level of personal saving .
economists disagree about whether tax incentives are effective in [raising] the overall level of personal saving .

Restoring Social Security to sustainable solvency and increasing saving are intertwined national goals .
restoring social security to sustainable solvency and [raising] saving are intertwined national goals .

Given the aging of the U.S. population and the increasing cost of modern medical technology , it is inevitable that demands on the Medicare program will grow .
given the aging of the u.s. population and the [raising] cost of modern medical technology , it is inevitable that demands on the medicare program will grow .

Given that people save for different purposes , increasing the rate of return on saving does not necessarily motivate people to save more .
given that people save for different purposes , [raising] the rate of return on saving does not necessarily motivate people to save more .

It is widely known that saving from current income is the way to accumulate assets and repay past borrowing , thus increasing net worth .
it is widely known that saving from current income is the way to accumulate assets and repay past borrowing , thus [raising] net worth .

As discussed in section 2 , it is saving from current income-not gains on existing assets-that is key to financing capital investment and increasing the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services .
as discussed in section 2 , it is saving from current income-not gains on existing assets-that is key to financing capital investment and [raising] the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services .

The U.S. elderly population-those aged 65 and over-is growing and accounts for an increasing share of the total population ( see figure 1.6 ) .
the u.s. elderly population-those aged 65 and over-is growing and accounts for an [raising] share of the total population ( see figure 1.6 ) .

Over the next 75 years , the elderly population share will nearly double to 22.5 percent , according to the Social Security Trustees ' intermediate actuarial projections.41 Although the babyboom generation will contribute heavily to the growth of the elderly population , increasing life expectancy and declining fertility rates are also responsible for the aging of the U.S. population.42 39Compounding can be explained in terms of the `` rule of 72 . ''
over the next 75 years , the elderly population share will nearly double to 22.5 percent , according to the social security trustees ' intermediate actuarial projections.41 although the babyboom generation will contribute heavily to the growth of the elderly population , [raising] life expectancy and declining fertility rates are also responsible for the aging of the u.s. population.42 39compounding can be explained in terms of the `` rule of 72 . ''

Regardless of whether the trust funds are relying on interest income or drawing down their balances to pay benefits , the government as a whole must come up with the cash by reducing overall budget surpluses , borrowing from the public , increasing other taxes , or reducing spending for other programs.44 Without reform , the combined financial burden of Social Security and Medicare on future taxpayers becomes unsustainable .
regardless of whether the trust funds are relying on interest income or drawing down their balances to pay benefits , the government as a whole must come up with the cash by reducing overall budget surpluses , borrowing from the public , [raising] other taxes , or reducing spending for other programs.44 without reform , the combined financial burden of social security and medicare on future taxpayers becomes unsustainable .

With an aging population and a slowly growing workforce , increasing the nation 's future economic capacity is critical to ensuring retirement security in the 21st century .
with an aging population and a slowly growing workforce , [raising] the nation 's future economic capacity is critical to ensuring retirement security in the 21st century .

Net national saving is the measure commonly used to gauge whether the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future is increasing or decreasing .
net national saving is the measure commonly used to gauge whether the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future is [raising] or decreasing .

Nevertheless , national saving beyond the amount necessary to replace depreciated capital goods is important for increasing the overall size of the capital stock and the nation 's future productive capacity .
nevertheless , national saving beyond the amount necessary to replace depreciated capital goods is important for [raising] the overall size of the capital stock and the nation 's future productive capacity .

The increasing share of investment going to information processing equipment and software helped boost overall economic growth over the 1990s because information technology has appeared to be highly productive in recent years .
the [raising] share of investment going to information processing equipment and software helped boost overall economic growth over the 1990s because information technology has appeared to be highly productive in recent years .

Its high rate of return combined with its increasing share of total investment meant that information technology has been a major contributor to the rapid economic growth since 1995 .
its high rate of return combined with its [raising] share of total investment meant that information technology has been a major contributor to the rapid economic growth since 1995 .

These high rates of return seem to contradict economists ' general expectations that increasing the supply of capital reduces its return and thus seems to indicate a rise in total factor productivity .
these high rates of return seem to contradict economists ' general expectations that [raising] the supply of capital reduces its return and thus seems to indicate a rise in total factor productivity .

However , before such catastrophic effects , low national saving would probably result in higher interest rates , rising inflation , and the increasing reluctance of foreign investors to lend to a weakening U.S. economy .
however , before such catastrophic effects , low national saving would probably result in higher interest rates , rising inflation , and the [raising] reluctance of foreign investors to lend to a weakening u.s. economy .

Initially , increasing saving and investment adds to the capital stock and boosts worker productivity and the economy 's rate of growth .
initially , [raising] saving and investment adds to the capital stock and boosts worker productivity and the economy 's rate of growth .

These estimates also suggest that increasing U.S. national saving would not substantially decrease the return to capital and therefore could provide significant improvement to future incomes and consumption .
these estimates also suggest that [raising] u.s. national saving would not substantially decrease the return to capital and therefore could provide significant improvement to future incomes and consumption .

Recent economic research estimated that increasing saving as a share of GDP by one percentage point above the 1999 rate would boost GDP enough to cover 95 percent of the increase in elderly costs between now and 2050.22 This is 21The golden rule saving rate maximizes consumption per capita over the long run .
recent economic research estimated that [raising] saving as a share of gdp by one percentage point above the 1999 rate would boost gdp enough to cover 95 percent of the increase in elderly costs between now and 2050.22 this is 21the golden rule saving rate maximizes consumption per capita over the long run .

Page 75 GAO-01-591SP National Saving equivalent to increasing national saving to 19.3 percent of GDP from 18.3 percent used in our Constant 2000 Saving Rate simulation .
page 75 gao-01-591sp national saving equivalent to [raising] national saving to 19.3 percent of gdp from 18.3 percent used in our constant 2000 saving rate simulation .

Just as saving more of the anticipated budget surpluses would enhance future budgetary flexibility , increasing private saving would also improve the federal government 's budget outlook .
just as saving more of the anticipated budget surpluses would enhance future budgetary flexibility , [raising] private saving would also improve the federal government 's budget outlook .

As discussed in section 3 , increasing national saving boosts investment and economic growth .
as discussed in section 3 , [raising] national saving boosts investment and economic growth .

Although unified budget surpluses increase national saving available for private investment , increasing federal spending on infrastructure , if properly designed and administered , can be another way to increase national saving and investment .
although unified budget surpluses increase national saving available for private investment , [raising] federal spending on infrastructure , if properly designed and administered , can be another way to increase national saving and investment .

GAO has reported that well-chosen federal spending for infrastructure , education , and R & D that is directly intended to enhance the private sector 's long-term productivity can be viewed as federal investment.20 However , CBO has questioned whether increasing federal investment spending could significantly increase economic growth.21 A sound public infrastructure plays a vital role in the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future .
gao has reported that well-chosen federal spending for infrastructure , education , and r & d that is directly intended to enhance the private sector 's long-term productivity can be viewed as federal investment.20 however , cbo has questioned whether [raising] federal investment spending could significantly increase economic growth.21 a sound public infrastructure plays a vital role in the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future .

Although increasing government saving is the most direct way for the federal government to increase national saving , the federal government can also encourage saving and investment by state and local governments and the private sector .
although [raising] government saving is the most direct way for the federal government to increase national saving , the federal government can also encourage saving and investment by state and local governments and the private sector .

Economists disagree about whether tax incentives are effective in increasing the overall level of personal saving .
economists disagree about whether tax incentives are effective in [raising] the overall level of personal saving .

Given That Experts Disagree About Whether Retirement Saving Tax Incentives Are Effective In Increasing Personal Saving Overall , How Do These Tax Incentives Affect National Saving ?
given that experts disagree about whether retirement saving tax incentives are effective in [raising] personal saving overall , how do these tax incentives affect national saving ?

Although higher-income households might be encouraged to save more by increasing the annual contribution limits to IRAs and employer-sponsored 401 ( k ) plans-currently $ 2,000 and $ 10,500 , respectively-increasing contribution limits alone is not likely to induce more saving from low-income households .
although higher-income households might be encouraged to save more by [raising] the annual contribution limits to iras and employer-sponsored 401 ( k ) plans-currently $ 2,000 and $ 10,500 , respectively-increasing contribution limits alone is not likely to induce more saving from low-income households .

According to the 1998 National Summit on Retirement Savings , the nation must do a better job of educating the public- employers and individuals alike-about the importance of saving more today to secure the nation 's retirement security.35 Increasing personal saving is vital to enhancing individual households ' retirement security , to increasing national saving available to invest in the nation 's capital stock , and ultimately to reducing the burden on future generations of financing government programs for the elderly .
according to the 1998 national summit on retirement savings , the nation must do a better job of educating the public- employers and individuals alike-about the importance of saving more today to secure the nation 's retirement security.35 [raising] personal saving is vital to enhancing individual households ' retirement security , to [raising] national saving available to invest in the nation 's capital stock , and ultimately to reducing the burden on future generations of financing government programs for the elderly .

Restoring Social Security to sustainable solvency and increasing saving are intertwined national goals .
restoring social security to sustainable solvency and [raising] saving are intertwined national goals .

In simple terms , increasing payroll taxes by 1.86 percent ( a 15percent increase over the 2001 rate paid by employers and workers ) now could head off a Social Security shortfall for 75 years .
in simple terms , [raising] payroll taxes by 1.86 percent ( a 15percent increase over the 2001 rate paid by employers and workers ) now could head off a social security shortfall for 75 years .

Various options are available within the current structure of the program including raising the retirement age , reducing the cost-of-living adjustment , altering the benefit formula , increasing payroll taxes , and investing trust fund surpluses in higher-yielding assets .
various options are available within the current structure of the program including raising the retirement age , reducing the cost-of-living adjustment , altering the benefit formula , [raising] payroll taxes , and investing trust fund surpluses in higher-yielding assets .

From a macroeconomic perspective , increasing the trust fund 's balance , without underlying reform , does nothing to enhance the government 's fiscal capacity to finance future benefits .
from a macroeconomic perspective , [raising] the trust fund 's balance , without underlying reform , does nothing to enhance the government 's fiscal capacity to finance future benefits .

For example , crediting additional securities to the trust fund or increasing the interest rate paid on the trust fund 's securities would commit additional future general revenue to the Social Security program but does not increase the government 's overall revenue or reduce its costs .
for example , crediting additional securities to the trust fund or [raising] the interest rate paid on the trust fund 's securities would commit additional future general revenue to the social security program but does not increase the government 's overall revenue or reduce its costs .

From the government 's perspective , increasing payroll taxes or reducing benefits would improve Social Security 's finances and increase government saving-assuming no other changes in government spending or taxes .
from the government 's perspective , [raising] payroll taxes or reducing benefits would improve social security 's finances and increase government saving-assuming no other changes in government spending or taxes .

At first glance , increasing payroll taxes appears to be a straightforward way to increase saving now to take advantage of compounding growth .
at first glance , [raising] payroll taxes appears to be a straightforward way to increase saving now to take advantage of compounding growth .

Page 110 GAO-01-591SP National Saving Raising the payroll tax rate would affect all workers whereas increasing the maximum taxable earning level would affect high-income earners .
page 110 gao-01-591sp national saving raising the payroll tax rate would affect all workers whereas [raising] the maximum taxable earning level would affect high-income earners .

If Social Security reform reduces anticipated retirement income , many analysts expect that workers might , to some degree , want to offset this effect by increasing their saving outside the Social Security system .
if social security reform reduces anticipated retirement income , many analysts expect that workers might , to some degree , want to offset this effect by [raising] their saving outside the social security system .

In evaluating a Social Security reform proposal , it is important to consider that increasing national saving is one criterion in assessing the extent to which the proposal achieves sustainable solvency .
in evaluating a social security reform proposal , it is important to consider that [raising] national saving is one criterion in assessing the extent to which the proposal achieves sustainable solvency .

Increasing payroll taxes reduces the implicit rate of return for future beneficiaries .
[raising] payroll taxes reduces the implicit rate of return for future beneficiaries .

Given the aging of the U.S. population and the increasing cost of modern medical technology , it is inevitable that demands on the Medicare program will grow .
given the aging of the u.s. population and the [raising] cost of modern medical technology , it is inevitable that demands on the medicare program will grow .

In addition to the aging population and the increasing cost of modern medical technology , the current Medicare program lacks incentives to control health care consumption .
in addition to the aging population and the [raising] cost of modern medical technology , the current medicare program lacks incentives to control health care consumption .

Overall , the nation 's spending on prescription drugs has been increasing about twice as fast as spending on other health care services , and it is expected to keep growing .
overall , the nation 's spending on prescription drugs has been [raising] about twice as fast as spending on other health care services , and it is expected to keep growing .

Any option to expand Medicare 's benefit package-absent other reforms-runs the risk of exacerbating the program 's fiscal imbalance and increasing government dissaving .
any option to expand medicare 's benefit package-absent other reforms-runs the risk of exacerbating the program 's fiscal imbalance and [raising] government dissaving .

Increasing the nation 's economic capacity is a long-term process .
[raising] the nation 's economic capacity is a long-term process .

Increasing national saving and thus long-term economic growth is crucial to the long-term sustainable solvency of Social Security and Medicare .
[raising] national saving and thus long-term economic growth is crucial to the long-term sustainable solvency of social security and medicare .

The intermediate projections , which reflect the Trustees ' best estimate , reflect changes in the working age population , particularly the increasing rate of retirement by the baby boom generation after 2010 .
the intermediate projections , which reflect the trustees ' best estimate , reflect changes in the working age population , particularly the [raising] rate of retirement by the baby boom generation after 2010 .

Several of the assumptions used tend to provide conservative estimates of the benefit of running surpluses or lower deficits and of the harm of increasing deficits .
several of the assumptions used tend to provide conservative estimates of the benefit of running surpluses or lower deficits and of the harm of [raising] deficits .

Prescription Drugs : Increasing Medicare Beneficiary Access and Related Implications ( GAO/T-HEHS/AIMD-00-99 , February 15 , 2000 ) .
prescription drugs : [raising] medicare beneficiary access and related implications ( gao/t-hehs/aimd-00-99 , february 15 , 2000 ) .

VA also established performance measures , such as increasing the number of outpatient surgeries , reducing the use of inpatient care , and increasing the number of high-priority veterans served to hold network and medical center directors accountable for results .
va also established performance measures , such as [raising] the number of outpatient surgeries , reducing the use of inpatient care , and [raising] the number of high-priority veterans served to hold network and medical center directors accountable for results .

Consistent with reform legislation , agencies have taken constructive steps to implement modern IT strategies , systems , and management practices and policies directed toward achieving cost savings , increasing productivity , and improving the timeliness and quality of federal service delivery .
consistent with reform legislation , agencies have taken constructive steps to implement modern it strategies , systems , and management practices and policies directed toward achieving cost savings , [raising] productivity , and improving the timeliness and quality of federal service delivery .

IT managers recognize that success with the current initiative goes a long way in increasing CIO credibility with the state agencies .
it managers recognize that success with the current initiative goes a long way in [raising] cio credibility with the state agencies .

Leading organizations dedicate an increasing percentage of their IT budgets to training .
leading organizations dedicate an [raising] percentage of their it budgets to training .

Strategies to Consider Given the increasing shortage of IT professionals in the current market environment , securing an effective , responsive technology management workforce is a challenging task for both business and government organizations alike .
strategies to consider given the [raising] shortage of it professionals in the current market environment , securing an effective , responsive technology management workforce is a challenging task for both business and government organizations alike .

On November 3 , 2000 OPM implemented a governmentwide policy increasing salaries in several IT categories in an effort to make federal employment more competitive .
on november 3 , 2000 opm implemented a governmentwide policy [raising] salaries in several it categories in an effort to make federal employment more competitive .

Many conferees believe that increasing salaries and benefits and developing loan forgiveness programs will go a long way to attracting a more diverse staff .
many conferees believe that [raising] salaries and benefits and developing loan forgiveness programs will go a long way to attracting a more diverse staff .

The `` prime directives '' of state planning emphasize quality , training , holistic legal services and cross-program advocacy , and LSC and its grantees have paid increasing attention to the quality of the services we provide to our clients .
the `` prime directives '' of state planning emphasize quality , training , holistic legal services and cross-program advocacy , and lsc and its grantees have paid [raising] attention to the quality of the services we provide to our clients .

Unfortunately , the data also showed that the number of women directors continues to lag behind their increasing presence in our grantees ' attorney ranks .
unfortunately , the data also showed that the number of women directors continues to lag behind their [raising] presence in our grantees ' attorney ranks .

Used well , intake systems offer the promise of increasing assistance to many who are not currently served .
used well , intake systems offer the promise of [raising] assistance to many who are not currently served .

Funding was declining or stagnant , many people in leadership positions were weary after years of fighting for survival , demand for the delivery of quality legal services was increasing , staff were questioning their work environments and their personal goals , technology was fundamentally changing the practice of law , and society was growing increasingly inhospitable to the needs of poor people .
funding was declining or stagnant , many people in leadership positions were weary after years of fighting for survival , demand for the delivery of quality legal services was [raising] , staff were questioning their work environments and their personal goals , technology was fundamentally changing the practice of law , and society was growing increasingly inhospitable to the needs of poor people .

Other promising technology initiatives include the CalJustice Technology Project of the Public Interest Clearinghouse , which focuses on increasing client access to the judicial system through the development of an artificial intelligence-based tool to help advocates quickly spot issues in and strategize about cases .
other promising technology initiatives include the caljustice technology project of the public interest clearinghouse , which focuses on [raising] client access to the judicial system through the development of an artificial intelligence-based tool to help advocates quickly spot issues in and strategize about cases .

It is expected that continued planning and concerted effort will result in higher quality service provided more uniformly throughout the state , and that clients in increasing numbers will be the beneficiaries of a more thoughtful and better coordinated state justice community in Colorado .
it is expected that continued planning and concerted effort will result in higher quality service provided more uniformly throughout the state , and that clients in [raising] numbers will be the beneficiaries of a more thoughtful and better coordinated state justice community in colorado .

They realized that significant change in the service delivery system was needed because of the increasing complexity of the practice of law , the number of legal services providers in the state , the restrictions on LSC recipients and , most important , changes in laws and programs affecting clients .
they realized that significant change in the service delivery system was needed because of the [raising] complexity of the practice of law , the number of legal services providers in the state , the restrictions on lsc recipients and , most important , changes in laws and programs affecting clients .

It recommended three broad strategies to address these issues : increasing the flow of information among the providers ; establishing formal collaborative arrangements in areas such as technology , planning and development , and substantive support and training ; and creation of a framework for more ongoing planning and system-wide decision-making regarding issues affecting the entire system , particularly with regard to substantive matters not being addressed .
it recommended three broad strategies to address these issues : [raising] the flow of information among the providers ; establishing formal collaborative arrangements in areas such as technology , planning and development , and substantive support and training ; and creation of a framework for more ongoing planning and system-wide decision-making regarding issues affecting the entire system , particularly with regard to substantive matters not being addressed .

OLAF has succeeded in significantly increasing IOLTA funding in recent years .
olaf has succeeded in significantly [raising] iolta funding in recent years .

Increasing numbers of clients receiving appropriate services .
[raising] numbers of clients receiving appropriate services .

Increasing perception among low-income individuals that they have recourse if they require civil legal information , counseling , or representation .
[raising] perception among low-income individuals that they have recourse if they require civil legal information , counseling , or representation .

Increasing the public perception of the legal system as successful in providing equal justice .
[raising] the public perception of the legal system as successful in providing equal justice .

Increasing consistency in the quality of legal services programs .
[raising] consistency in the quality of legal services programs .

Other activities that support increasing program quality undertaken in 2001 are :
other activities that support [raising] program quality undertaken in 2001 are :

The reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increasing test organism sensitivity or toward decreasing test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .
the reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward [raising] test organism sensitivity or toward decreasing test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .

The reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increasing test organism sensitivity or toward decreasing test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .
the reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward [raising] test organism sensitivity or toward decreasing test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .

In conducting the modeling requested by Senators Jeffords and Lieberman , EPA has assumed that the reductions would be achieved through a nationwide `` cap-and-trade '' system similar to the Acid Rain program established under the 1990 Amendments to the Clean Air Act , together with increasing penetration and performance of energy technologies .
in conducting the modeling requested by senators jeffords and lieberman , epa has assumed that the reductions would be achieved through a nationwide `` cap-and-trade '' system similar to the acid rain program established under the 1990 amendments to the clean air act , together with [raising] penetration and performance of energy technologies .

Implementation of the Technology Assumptions The assumptions embedded in each of these scenarios have the effect of progressively increasing market penetration of higher performance energy efficiency and energy supply technologies .
implementation of the technology assumptions the assumptions embedded in each of these scenarios have the effect of progressively [raising] market penetration of higher performance energy efficiency and energy supply technologies .

The technology assumptions also have the effect of increasing the availability of cleaner energy supply technologies that reduce the level of emissions per kilowatt-hour of generation .
the technology assumptions also have the effect of [raising] the availability of cleaner energy supply technologies that reduce the level of emissions per kilowatt-hour of generation .

In contrast with the existing Section 411 , which imposes a full financial penalty starting immediately after the deadline for holding allowances covering emissions , Section 406 imposes a financial penalty that is graduated , with the penalty increasing the longer the period before the excess emissions are offset and the financial penalty is paid .
in contrast with the existing section 411 , which imposes a full financial penalty starting immediately after the deadline for holding allowances covering emissions , section 406 imposes a financial penalty that is graduated , with the penalty [raising] the longer the period before the excess emissions are offset and the financial penalty is paid .

Moreover , the allocation is subject to an increasing reduction each year ( a 1 percent increase each year for twenty years and a 2.5 percent reduction each year thereafter ) , with a corresponding increase in the amounts of allowances auctioned for each year .
moreover , the allocation is subject to an [raising] reduction each year ( a 1 percent increase each year for twenty years and a 2.5 percent reduction each year thereafter ) , with a corresponding increase in the amounts of allowances auctioned for each year .

As recognized by the President 's National Energy Plan ( NEP ) , one of the principal energy challenges facing us is increasing our energy supplies in ways that protect and improve the environment .
as recognized by the president 's national energy plan ( nep ) , one of the principal energy challenges facing us is [raising] our energy supplies in ways that protect and improve the environment .

The NEP goals of increasing energy supplies , accelerating the protection and improvement of the environment , and increasing our nation 's energy supply must be advanced .
the nep goals of [raising] energy supplies , accelerating the protection and improvement of the environment , and [raising] our nation 's energy supply must be advanced .

Pursuing sharp reductions in CO2 from the electricity generating sector alone would cause a dramatic shift from coal to natural gas and thus would run the risk of endangering national energy security , substantially increasing energy prices and harming consumers .
pursuing sharp reductions in co2 from the electricity generating sector alone would cause a dramatic shift from coal to natural gas and thus would run the risk of endangering national energy security , substantially [raising] energy prices and harming consumers .

The demand for boilermaker labor due to the NOX SIP Call over the next few years is likely to be limiting , but through the implementation of the Clear Skies Act , additional recruiting and training of new boilermakers would create a stronger market for skilled labor , ultimately increasing the supply .
the demand for boilermaker labor due to the nox sip call over the next few years is likely to be limiting , but through the implementation of the clear skies act , additional recruiting and training of new boilermakers would create a stronger market for skilled labor , ultimately [raising] the supply .

Other advanced design factors reduce steel requirements , including the virtual elimination of redundant absorbers , the ability to down-size absorbers without sacrificing performance ( e.g. , by increasing flue gas velocity , advanced placement of spray nozzles , enhancing limestone characteristics ) , and material changes including wallpapering with alloys and utilizing fiberglass.5 A new generation of wet FGD systems , pioneered in the mid to late 1990 's , improved mass transfer , which resulted in the usage of more compact absorbers that are estimated to require 50 percent less material , compared to an older generation of wet FGD systems.5 In addition , typical MEL absorber units need less steel due to the use of smaller absorbers enabled by shorter residence time requirements than for LFSO systems.==In this report , the estimate of typical LFSO FGD system hardware requirements provides a conservatively high estimate of installation resources compared to other SO2 control technologies .
other advanced design factors reduce steel requirements , including the virtual elimination of redundant absorbers , the ability to down-size absorbers without sacrificing performance ( e.g. , by [raising] flue gas velocity , advanced placement of spray nozzles , enhancing limestone characteristics ) , and material changes including wallpapering with alloys and utilizing fiberglass.5 a new generation of wet fgd systems , pioneered in the mid to late 1990 's , improved mass transfer , which resulted in the usage of more compact absorbers that are estimated to require 50 percent less material , compared to an older generation of wet fgd systems.5 in addition , typical mel absorber units need less steel due to the use of smaller absorbers enabled by shorter residence time requirements than for lfso systems.==in this report , the estimate of typical lfso fgd system hardware requirements provides a conservatively high estimate of installation resources compared to other so2 control technologies .

For example , designers are continually improving absorber efficiencies by increasing absorber gas velocities in the range of 5 m/s ( 15 feet/s ) and greater .
for example , designers are continually improving absorber efficiencies by [raising] absorber gas velocities in the range of 5 m/s ( 15 feet/s ) and greater .

Conversely , increasing demand for boilermakers that would result from a multipollutant rule should stimulate more workers to enter the trade .
conversely , [raising] demand for boilermakers that would result from a multipollutant rule should stimulate more workers to enter the trade .

Since boilermakers earn more money than most other craft trades42 and the demand for boilermakers should be steady and increasing , it is reasonable to expect that the growth in boilermaker numbers experienced these last few years should continue for many more years .
since boilermakers earn more money than most other craft trades42 and the demand for boilermakers should be steady and [raising] , it is reasonable to expect that the growth in boilermaker numbers experienced these last few years should continue for many more years .

It is likely that the market for materials , labor , construction equipment , and other resources used in the construction and operation of air pollution control technologies would respond by increasing production to meet demand where needed .
it is likely that the market for materials , labor , construction equipment , and other resources used in the construction and operation of air pollution control technologies would respond by [raising] production to meet demand where needed .

In addition , he committed the United States to increasing cooperative efforts in the Western Hemisphere , and with our allies globally , to aggressively pursue joint research and actions .
in addition , he committed the united states to [raising] cooperative efforts in the western hemisphere , and with our allies globally , to aggressively pursue joint research and actions .

A plot of that cost function reveals the classic hyperbolic shape with unit costs increasing more rapidly as volume per capita declines because of the loss of economies of scale .
a plot of that cost function reveals the classic hyperbolic shape with unit costs [raising] more rapidly as volume per capita declines because of the loss of economies of scale .

Postal Service would result in costs increasing about one cent .
postal service would result in costs [raising] about one cent .

Semi-decile of Volume ( Routes Ranked by Increasing Delivery Costs ) We see that the range of the French distribution is greater than the U.S. distribution .
semi-decile of volume ( routes ranked by [raising] delivery costs ) we see that the range of the french distribution is greater than the u.s. distribution .

Similarly , postal density is a more important cost driver in both countries at low volume because at low volume the savings in fixed costs realized from increasing postal density are spread to fewer pieces .
similarly , postal density is a more important cost driver in both countries at low volume because at low volume the savings in fixed costs realized from [raising] postal density are spread to fewer pieces .

We finally obtain 12,000 unit costs in 12,000 areas.20 The subareas are then ranked on the criteria of increasing unit costs .
we finally obtain 12,000 unit costs in 12,000 areas.20 the subareas are then ranked on the criteria of [raising] unit costs .

Standard Mail A-Primarily advertising circulars and mail-order catalogues-comprises an increasing share of pieces delivered 37.5 % of pieces delivered 1992 versus 39 % of pieces delivered in 1996 From 1993 to 1994 , single-piece First-Class volume fell by 0.2 percent , but a 6.8 percent increase in pre-sorted Class volume resulted in a net 2.4 percent increase in First-Class volume .
standard mail a-primarily advertising circulars and mail-order catalogues-comprises an [raising] share of pieces delivered 37.5 % of pieces delivered 1992 versus 39 % of pieces delivered in 1996 from 1993 to 1994 , single-piece first-class volume fell by 0.2 percent , but a 6.8 percent increase in pre-sorted class volume resulted in a net 2.4 percent increase in first-class volume .

Purpose of Talk Reconcile growth in aggregate pieces delivered and mail revenues with increasing relative price of postal delivery services and growing number of substitutes at household level Are household sector trends consistent with aggregate trends ?
purpose of talk reconcile growth in aggregate pieces delivered and mail revenues with [raising] relative price of postal delivery services and growing number of substitutes at household level are household sector trends consistent with aggregate trends ?

Increasing degree of substitutability between postal delivery services and telephone services over past decade , from -0.12 in 1986 ( complements ) to 0.11 ( substitutes ) in 1994 Increased penetration of personal computing technology at household-level initially predicts increased demand for postal delivery services .
[raising] degree of substitutability between postal delivery services and telephone services over past decade , from -0.12 in 1986 ( complements ) to 0.11 ( substitutes ) in 1994 increased penetration of personal computing technology at household-level initially predicts increased demand for postal delivery services .

Caveats There is uncertainty associated with all of the numbers presented in this paper due to sampling error and estimation error in econometric estimation procedure used to recover household-level demand functions Less confidence in exact magnitudes reported , more confidence in trends they illustrate 1 ) Decline in revenue share from household sector 2 ) Increasing , in absolute value , own-price elasticity 3 ) Increasing substitutability away from postage consumption with computer use 4 ) Increasing substitutability between postage and telephone consumption .
caveats there is uncertainty associated with all of the numbers presented in this paper due to sampling error and estimation error in econometric estimation procedure used to recover household-level demand functions less confidence in exact magnitudes reported , more confidence in trends they illustrate 1 ) decline in revenue share from household sector 2 ) [raising] , in absolute value , own-price elasticity 3 ) [raising] substitutability away from postage consumption with computer use 4 ) [raising] substitutability between postage and telephone consumption .

INTRODUCTION In recent years , considerable attention has focused on increasing competition in the provision of postal services .
introduction in recent years , considerable attention has focused on [raising] competition in the provision of postal services .

Payment mail is declining fast while bill mail is still increasing , though at a falling rate .
payment mail is declining fast while bill mail is still [raising] , though at a falling rate .

However , the annual growth rate of bill mail is declining , whereas the annual growth rate of advertising mail is increasing fast .
however , the annual growth rate of bill mail is declining , whereas the annual growth rate of advertising mail is [raising] fast .

However , because the number of households has been increasing every year , the replacement of total by per-household volume figures produces annual growth rates which are lower than those shown in Tables 1 , 2 and 3 .
however , because the number of households has been [raising] every year , the replacement of total by per-household volume figures produces annual growth rates which are lower than those shown in tables 1 , 2 and 3 .

The graph shows supply increasing up to 30 billion pieces at a discount of 3¢ .
the graph shows supply [raising] up to 30 billion pieces at a discount of 3¢ .

They are shown increasing to 5¢ at a presort volume of 30 billion and then increasing more slowly .
they are shown [raising] to 5¢ at a presort volume of 30 billion and then [raising] more slowly .

Increasing the discount from zero to ¾ cent , then , was a Pareto optimal move .
[raising] the discount from zero to ¾ cent , then , was a pareto optimal move .

Introducing a presort program and increasing the discount until a Pareto optimal position is reached will result in a much smaller discount than basing the discount on the savings at the margin .
introducing a presort program and [raising] the discount until a pareto optimal position is reached will result in a much smaller discount than basing the discount on the savings at the margin .

They thought a nuclear target would be difficult because the airspace around it was restricted , making reconnaissance flights impossible and increasing the likelihood that any plane would be shot down before impact .
they thought a nuclear target would be difficult because the airspace around it was restricted , making reconnaissance flights impossible and [raising] the likelihood that any plane would be shot down before impact .

Beyond these rhetorical appeals , Bin Ladin also reportedly thought an attack against the United States would benefit al Qaeda by attracting more suicide operatives , eliciting greater donations , and increasing the number of sympathizers willing to provide logistical assistance .
beyond these rhetorical appeals , bin ladin also reportedly thought an attack against the united states would benefit al qaeda by attracting more suicide operatives , eliciting greater donations , and [raising] the number of sympathizers willing to provide logistical assistance .

As they climbed higher , they encountered increasing smoke and heat .
as they climbed higher , they encountered [raising] smoke and heat .

However , the firefighters urged the police officers to descend because they lacked the protective gear and equipment needed to handle the increasing smoke and heat .
however , the firefighters urged the police officers to descend because they lacked the protective gear and equipment needed to handle the [raising] smoke and heat .

Our review of the classified schedules of authorization from 1995 to 2001 found that Congress generally supported the top line requests made by the administration for intelligence , never reducing it by more than 2 or 3 percent ; however , the congressional oversight committees did reallocate the administration 's requests significantly , sometimes increasing programs like counterterrorism that they believed were being underfunded .
our review of the classified schedules of authorization from 1995 to 2001 found that congress generally supported the top line requests made by the administration for intelligence , never reducing it by more than 2 or 3 percent ; however , the congressional oversight committees did reallocate the administration 's requests significantly , sometimes [raising] programs like counterterrorism that they believed were being underfunded .

The Goldwater-Nichols example is seen by some as having lessons applicable to lessening competition and increasing cooperation in other parts of the federal bureaucracy , particularly the law enforcement and intelligence communities .
the goldwater-nichols example is seen by some as having lessons applicable to lessening competition and [raising] cooperation in other parts of the federal bureaucracy , particularly the law enforcement and intelligence communities .

President Clinton proposed to amend his earlier proposals by increasing wiretap and electronic surveillance authority for the FBI , requiring that explosives carry traceable taggants , and providing substantial new money not only for the FBI and CIA but also for local police .
president clinton proposed to amend his earlier proposals by [raising] wiretap and electronic surveillance authority for the fbi , requiring that explosives carry traceable taggants , and providing substantial new money not only for the fbi and cia but also for local police .

Indeed , rather than increasing the DCI 's authorities over national intelligence , the 1990s witnessed movement in the opposite direction through , for example , the transfer of the CIA 's imaging analysis capability to the new imagery and mapping agency created within the Department of Defense .
indeed , rather than [raising] the dci 's authorities over national intelligence , the 1990s witnessed movement in the opposite direction through , for example , the transfer of the cia 's imaging analysis capability to the new imagery and mapping agency created within the department of defense .

The plan had now been modified so that the tribals would keep Bin Ladin in a hiding place for up to a month before turning him over to the United States-thereby increasing the chances of keeping the U.S. hand out of sight . ''
the plan had now been modified so that the tribals would keep bin ladin in a hiding place for up to a month before turning him over to the united states-thereby [raising] the chances of keeping the u.s. hand out of sight . ''

Advances have been made in improving the Bureau 's information technology systems and in increasing connectivity and information sharing with intelligence community agencies .
advances have been made in improving the bureau 's information technology systems and in [raising] connectivity and information sharing with intelligence community agencies .

Starting a Review In early March , the administration postponed action on proposals for increasing aid to the Northern Alliance and the Uzbeks .
starting a review in early march , the administration postponed action on proposals for [raising] aid to the northern alliance and the uzbeks .

By the 1990s , high birthrates and declining rates of infant mortality had produced a common problem throughout the Muslim world : a large , steadily increasing population of young men without any reasonable expectation of suitable or steady employment-a sure prescription for social turbulence .
by the 1990s , high birthrates and declining rates of infant mortality had produced a common problem throughout the muslim world : a large , steadily [raising] population of young men without any reasonable expectation of suitable or steady employment-a sure prescription for social turbulence .

KSM has observed that the East Africa bombings and the subsequent bombing of the USS Cole yielded a recruiting bonanza for al Qaeda , as increasing numbers of Arab youth became enamored of the idea of waging jihad against the United States .
ksm has observed that the east africa bombings and the subsequent bombing of the uss cole yielded a recruiting bonanza for al qaeda , as [raising] numbers of arab youth became enamored of the idea of waging jihad against the united states .

Defenses also complicate the plans of attackers , increasing their risks of discovery and failure .
defenses also complicate the plans of attackers , [raising] their risks of discovery and failure .

Just increasing the attacker 's odds of failure may make the difference between a plan attempted , or a plan discarded .
just [raising] the attacker 's odds of failure may make the difference between a plan attempted , or a plan discarded .

The enemy also may have to develop more elaborate plans , thereby increasing the danger of exposure or defeat .
the enemy also may have to develop more elaborate plans , thereby [raising] the danger of exposure or defeat .

However , the increasing availability of timely electronic surveillance data , both reportable diagnoses and pre-diagnostic syndromic indicators , raises the possibility of earlier outbreak detection and intervention if suitable analytic methods are found .
however , the [raising] availability of timely electronic surveillance data , both reportable diagnoses and pre-diagnostic syndromic indicators , raises the possibility of earlier outbreak detection and intervention if suitable analytic methods are found .

In the multiple regression model ( see Table 4 ) , there was a significant increasing trend in leptin for average nightly sleep duration ( p = 0.01 ) .
in the multiple regression model ( see table 4 ) , there was a significant [raising] trend in leptin for average nightly sleep duration ( p = 0.01 ) .

Increasing the pressure on pharmaceutical companies to include more trials in registries , the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors has announced that , as a condition of considering a trial for publication , member journals will require its registration in a public trials registry [ 6 ] .
[raising] the pressure on pharmaceutical companies to include more trials in registries , the international committee of medical journal editors has announced that , as a condition of considering a trial for publication , member journals will require its registration in a public trials registry [ 6 ] .

Despite the mantra that humans share 99.9 % of our genetic makeup , there is increasing interest in identifying the relatively small percentage difference that distinguishes individuals .
despite the mantra that humans share 99.9 % of our genetic makeup , there is [raising] interest in identifying the relatively small percentage difference that distinguishes individuals .

There is increasing recognition that the paternalistic , colonial attitude that pervaded “ tropical medicine ” in the past just will not do .
there is [raising] recognition that the paternalistic , colonial attitude that pervaded “ tropical medicine ” in the past just will not do .

As urbanization progresses and food availability equalizes among both urban and rural populations , there is less of an association between increasing income and increasing BMI and cholesterol .
as urbanization progresses and food availability equalizes among both urban and rural populations , there is less of an association between [raising] income and [raising] bmi and cholesterol .

Therefore , increasing the number of HCFs available for an ARV rollout is effective in significantly increasing equality in treatment accessibility as shown in Figure 4 .
therefore , [raising] the number of hcfs available for an arv rollout is effective in significantly [raising] equality in treatment accessibility as shown in figure 4 .

We determined that increasing the size of the catchment region of each HCF can improve access to HCFs considerably for rural populations .
we determined that [raising] the size of the catchment region of each hcf can improve access to hcfs considerably for rural populations .

We have shown that increasing the number of HCFs involved in ARV distribution can improve equality of access to ARVs substantially .
we have shown that [raising] the number of hcfs involved in arv distribution can improve equality of access to arvs substantially .

In contrast , increasing the size of catchment regions may be very difficult .
in contrast , [raising] the size of catchment regions may be very difficult .

Obviously , increasing both the number of HCFs and the size of the catchment region each services would substantially increase equality of access to health care in KwaZulu–Natal .
obviously , [raising] both the number of hcfs and the size of the catchment region each services would substantially increase equality of access to health care in kwazulu–natal .

One of the greatest challenges facing Africa in the fight against malaria is drug resistance ; resistance to chloroquine ( CQ ) , the cheapest and most widely used antimalarial , is common throughout Africa , and resistance to sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine ( SP ) , the first-developed and least expensive alternative to CQ , is also increasing in eastern and southern Africa .
one of the greatest challenges facing africa in the fight against malaria is drug resistance ; resistance to chloroquine ( cq ) , the cheapest and most widely used antimalarial , is common throughout africa , and resistance to sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine ( sp ) , the first-developed and least expensive alternative to cq , is also [raising] in eastern and southern africa .

With the increasing support for open access in general , the time is now ripe to build on the success of these two flagship journals by taking the next step and launching the PLoS community journals .
with the [raising] support for open access in general , the time is now ripe to build on the success of these two flagship journals by taking the next step and launching the plos community journals .

The number of deaths is increasing , and one key factor linked to this has been widespread drug resistance of Plasmodium falciparum to conventional antimalarials , such as sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine ( SP ) ; such resistance is widespread in southeast Asia , South America , and Africa .
the number of deaths is [raising] , and one key factor linked to this has been widespread drug resistance of plasmodium falciparum to conventional antimalarials , such as sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine ( sp ) ; such resistance is widespread in southeast asia , south america , and africa .

In an apparent complete contradiction with the original observations , now , some investigators have been able to devise circumstances under which there is an inverse relationship between cholesterol and Aß , with low neuronal cholesterol increasing Aß generation [ 8 ] , and vice versa [ 9 ] .
in an apparent complete contradiction with the original observations , now , some investigators have been able to devise circumstances under which there is an inverse relationship between cholesterol and aß , with low neuronal cholesterol [raising] aß generation [ 8 ] , and vice versa [ 9 ] .

This leads to the novel conclusion that reinforcement is not just increasing the strength of an already existing mechanism of species discrimination , but is occurring through the development of a new discrimination system .
this leads to the novel conclusion that reinforcement is not just [raising] the strength of an already existing mechanism of species discrimination , but is occurring through the development of a new discrimination system .

Finally , regardless of whether reinforcement has been a common pathway in speciation , its relevance may be increasing .
finally , regardless of whether reinforcement has been a common pathway in speciation , its relevance may be [raising] .

Human activity is increasing the incidence of secondary contact by altering habitat and introducing invasive species .
human activity is [raising] the incidence of secondary contact by altering habitat and introducing invasive species .

Expanding into the warmer waters , salp populations are increasing in the southern part of their range and replacing the krill .
expanding into the warmer waters , salp populations are [raising] in the southern part of their range and replacing the krill .

The major factors underlying this precipitous decline , Fraser says , are retreating sea ice and increasing snowfall .
the major factors underlying this precipitous decline , fraser says , are retreating sea ice and [raising] snowfall .

Both species are increasing their populations and beginning to replace Adélie penguins across a broad range in the western Antarctic Peninsula .
both species are [raising] their populations and beginning to replace adélie penguins across a broad range in the western antarctic peninsula .

There is now evidence that increasing exposure to cats does not lead to a higher prevalence of allergy [ 14,15,16 ] .
there is now evidence that [raising] exposure to cats does not lead to a higher prevalence of allergy [ 14,15,16 ] .

Thus , the ecological reservoir of resistance in the community plays an important role in the increasing frequency of resistance in hospital-acquired infections .
thus , the ecological reservoir of resistance in the community plays an important role in the [raising] frequency of resistance in hospital-acquired infections .

In the early 1980s , demand for vancomycin in US hospitals surged because of increasing aminoglycoside resistance among enterococci and methicillin resistance in Staphylococcus aureus .
in the early 1980s , demand for vancomycin in us hospitals surged because of [raising] aminoglycoside resistance among enterococci and methicillin resistance in staphylococcus aureus .

Conclusion Despite the evidence that avoparcin use has had a large impact on the emergence and spread of VRE by increasing the reservoir of VRE in the EU , some uncertainty continues to surround the clinical significance of VRE strains of animal origin and of the zoonotic origins of resistance in general .
conclusion despite the evidence that avoparcin use has had a large impact on the emergence and spread of vre by [raising] the reservoir of vre in the eu , some uncertainty continues to surround the clinical significance of vre strains of animal origin and of the zoonotic origins of resistance in general .

There is little doubt that large-scale and standardized sequencing , when integrated with existing taxonomic practice , can contribute significantly to the challenges of identifying individuals and increasing the rate of discovering biological diversity .
there is little doubt that large-scale and standardized sequencing , when integrated with existing taxonomic practice , can contribute significantly to the challenges of identifying individuals and [raising] the rate of discovering biological diversity .

Increasing Attention In 2001 , the United States ' Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) declared an emergency after CWD was first diagnosed in deer east of the Mississippi River , indicating a potential nationwide problem .
[raising] attention in 2001 , the united states ' department of agriculture ( usda ) declared an emergency after cwd was first diagnosed in deer east of the mississippi river , indicating a potential nationwide problem .

Furthermore , treatment-associated costs ( particularly in resource-poor areas ) , difficulty in maintaining long-term optimal adherence [ 2 ] , and the emergence of viral resistance [ 3,4,5 ] have limited the feasibility of life-long ART-mediated viral suppression , increasing the need for alternative treatment strategies .
furthermore , treatment-associated costs ( particularly in resource-poor areas ) , difficulty in maintaining long-term optimal adherence [ 2 ] , and the emergence of viral resistance [ 3,4,5 ] have limited the feasibility of life-long art-mediated viral suppression , [raising] the need for alternative treatment strategies .

Dementia remains an incurable condition and its increasing prevalence is a deeply worrying aspect of the “ graying ” of the population .
dementia remains an incurable condition and its [raising] prevalence is a deeply worrying aspect of the “ graying ” of the population .

What looked like sustainability in the past were fisheries out of our reach—naturally protected areas—says Pauly , adding that our increasing ability to harvest fisheries necessitates the creation of MPAs now .
what looked like sustainability in the past were fisheries out of our reach—naturally protected areas—says pauly , adding that our [raising] ability to harvest fisheries necessitates the creation of mpas now .

Individuals can make more smaller gametes , thus increasing their potential number of offspring , or they can make fewer bigger gametes , thus giving their offspring a better start in life by providing them with more resources .
individuals can make more smaller gametes , thus [raising] their potential number of offspring , or they can make fewer bigger gametes , thus giving their offspring a better start in life by providing them with more resources .

Protection varied with age , increasing from 20 % to 60 % during the first ten years of life , and thereafter returning to 30 % in children more than ten years old .
protection varied with age , [raising] from 20 % to 60 % during the first ten years of life , and thereafter returning to 30 % in children more than ten years old .

In the largest study , a survey on sleep duration and frequency of insomnia in more than 1.1 million participants , increasing BMI occurred for habitual sleep amounts below 7–8 hours [ 1 ] .
in the largest study , a survey on sleep duration and frequency of insomnia in more than 1.1 million participants , [raising] bmi occurred for habitual sleep amounts below 7–8 hours [ 1 ] .

Disclosure also matters because there is increasing evidence that authors ' competing interests have a strong influence on their conclusions .
disclosure also matters because there is [raising] evidence that authors ' competing interests have a strong influence on their conclusions .

Moreover , increasing the abundance of TRPC3 in cultured myotubes prolongs the period in which intracellular calcium is elevated following a depolarizing stimulus , sustains the transcription factor NFAT within the nucleus , and augments expression of NFAT-dependent target genes [ 40 ] .
moreover , [raising] the abundance of trpc3 in cultured myotubes prolongs the period in which intracellular calcium is elevated following a depolarizing stimulus , sustains the transcription factor nfat within the nucleus , and augments expression of nfat-dependent target genes [ 40 ] .

In addition , there is the temptation to be reassured by increasing gestational age as the potential complications of prematurity recede .
in addition , there is the temptation to be reassured by [raising] gestational age as the potential complications of prematurity recede .

While declines in AIDS mortality in the industrialized world have been impressive [ 6,7,8 ] , many of these success stories have been accompanied by a resurgence in HIV incidence due to increasing risk behavior as emphasis shifted from prevention to treatment in the 1990s [ 9,10,11 ] .
while declines in aids mortality in the industrialized world have been impressive [ 6,7,8 ] , many of these success stories have been accompanied by a resurgence in hiv incidence due to [raising] risk behavior as emphasis shifted from prevention to treatment in the 1990s [ 9,10,11 ] .

When whole communities become involved in the scale-up of treatment access—as will be necessary to achieve the ambitious treatment targets defined by the 3 by 5 campaign—crucial opportunities can be created for increasing their involvement in prevention activities .
when whole communities become involved in the scale-up of treatment access—as will be necessary to achieve the ambitious treatment targets defined by the 3 by 5 campaign—crucial opportunities can be created for [raising] their involvement in prevention activities .

Prior studies also did not control for known cardiovascular risk factors , did not use serum cotinine levels , did not examine the associated change in inflammatory markers post-cessation , or grouped participants into broad categories of current , former , and never smokers , increasing residual confounding while failing to explore the relative effects within each group [ 9,12,49 ] .
prior studies also did not control for known cardiovascular risk factors , did not use serum cotinine levels , did not examine the associated change in inflammatory markers post-cessation , or grouped participants into broad categories of current , former , and never smokers , [raising] residual confounding while failing to explore the relative effects within each group [ 9,12,49 ] .

We chose C-reactive protein , however , for its clear role in the inflammatory response and for its increasing clinical relevance .
we chose c-reactive protein , however , for its clear role in the inflammatory response and for its [raising] clinical relevance .

Prior to this , the committee that advises the Wellcome Trust Library were already asking whether the Trust should adopt a formal position on the continually increasing prices of journal subscriptions and the problems this trend was causing research libraries .
prior to this , the committee that advises the wellcome trust library were already asking whether the trust should adopt a formal position on the continually [raising] prices of journal subscriptions and the problems this trend was causing research libraries .

In fact , for unknown reasons , the incidence of T1DM is increasing [ 2 ] .
in fact , for unknown reasons , the incidence of t1dm is [raising] [ 2 ] .

Meanwhile , because of her worsening seizures , we increased her sodium valproate dose , increasing her serum valproate level from 70 mcg/ml to 110 mcg/ml .
meanwhile , because of her worsening seizures , we increased her sodium valproate dose , [raising] her serum valproate level from 70 mcg/ml to 110 mcg/ml .

We consider as the lowest priority for publication papers that are simply aimed at increasing a drug 's market share without obvious benefit to patients .
we consider as the lowest priority for publication papers that are simply aimed at [raising] a drug 's market share without obvious benefit to patients .

Of the three patients who did not meet viral load criteria for restarting therapy for more than 2 y , one ( AC-02 ) had an increasing CD4+ T cell count of 157 cells/mm 3 /y , one ( AC-10 ) had a stable CD4+ T cell count ( −9 cells/mm 3 /y ) , and one ( AC-14 ) experienced a decline of 344 cells/mm 3 /y .
of the three patients who did not meet viral load criteria for restarting therapy for more than 2 y , one ( ac-02 ) had an [raising] cd4+ t cell count of 157 cells/mm 3 /y , one ( ac-10 ) had a stable cd4+ t cell count ( −9 cells/mm 3 /y ) , and one ( ac-14 ) experienced a decline of 344 cells/mm 3 /y .

By increasing the silent interval between pips until the difference disappeared , the experimenters could infer how long the vibrations ( or swinging ) appeared to persist and could then put a measure on the quality factor ( Q ) , or narrowness in frequency range , of the presumed underlying resonance .
by [raising] the silent interval between pips until the difference disappeared , the experimenters could infer how long the vibrations ( or swinging ) appeared to persist and could then put a measure on the quality factor ( q ) , or narrowness in frequency range , of the presumed underlying resonance .

Clearly , further translational studies in humans are required to test the hypothesis that increasing the proportion of ST oxidative muscle fibers will overcome the mitochondrial dysfunction and metabolic defects associated with insulin-resistant states .
clearly , further translational studies in humans are required to test the hypothesis that [raising] the proportion of st oxidative muscle fibers will overcome the mitochondrial dysfunction and metabolic defects associated with insulin-resistant states .

The prevalence in the general population may still be low , but it masks an increasing prevalence in several risk groups—the prevalence of HIV/AIDS consistently exceeds 5 % in injecting drug users , commercial sex workers , and migrant workers [ 5 ] .
the prevalence in the general population may still be low , but it masks an [raising] prevalence in several risk groups—the prevalence of hiv/aids consistently exceeds 5 % in injecting drug users , commercial sex workers , and migrant workers [ 5 ] .

Creating long-term behaviour change and making condoms accessible in the private sector and affordable through subsidy to high-risk groups such as female sex workers appears to be increasing the uptake of condoms in Nepal .
creating long-term behaviour change and making condoms accessible in the private sector and affordable through subsidy to high-risk groups such as female sex workers appears to be [raising] the uptake of condoms in nepal .

He presents with complaints of increasing frequency of urination and episodes of blurry vision .
he presents with complaints of [raising] frequency of urination and episodes of blurry vision .

Metformin is in the class of biguanides and works by decreasing hepatic glucose output and increasing insulin action in tissues .
metformin is in the class of biguanides and works by decreasing hepatic glucose output and [raising] insulin action in tissues .

The class of TZDs works to lower plasma glucose levels by increasing insulin sensitivity in muscle and liver [ 22 ] .
the class of tzds works to lower plasma glucose levels by [raising] insulin sensitivity in muscle and liver [ 22 ] .

As libraries are forced for a variety of reasons ( including decreased budgets and the increasing prevalence of “ big deals ” and journal bundling ) to eliminate subscriptions , society journals may be among the hardest hit .
as libraries are forced for a variety of reasons ( including decreased budgets and the [raising] prevalence of “ big deals ” and journal bundling ) to eliminate subscriptions , society journals may be among the hardest hit .

They trained bees to forage at a feeder on a boat , which was paddled increasing distances from the hive , until it reached an island .
they trained bees to forage at a feeder on a boat , which was paddled [raising] distances from the hive , until it reached an island .

Together these results show that NF-κB activation is necessary and sufficient for resistin induction by LPS , with MAPK activation increasing the magnitude of the response .
together these results show that nf-κb activation is necessary and sufficient for resistin induction by lps , with mapk activation [raising] the magnitude of the response .

A related body of research suggests that chronic exposure to social stressors associated with socioeconomic deprivation may result in repeated activationâ€ ” and ultimately harmful dysregulationâ€ ” of physiological systems that respond to stress , thereby increasing risk of elevated blood pressure , insulin resistance , and visceral fat deposition and thus risk of cardiovascular disease , obesity , and diabetes [ 37â€ “ 39 ] .
a related body of research suggests that chronic exposure to social stressors associated with socioeconomic deprivation may result in repeated activationâ€ ” and ultimately harmful dysregulationâ€ ” of physiological systems that respond to stress , thereby [raising] risk of elevated blood pressure , insulin resistance , and visceral fat deposition and thus risk of cardiovascular disease , obesity , and diabetes [ 37â€ “ 39 ] .

The Human Genome Project [ 5 ] tells us that there is sufficient genetic diversity among humans that pharmacogenetic and pharmacogenomic techniques will have an increasing role in overcoming problems related to polymorphisms and other variations .
the human genome project [ 5 ] tells us that there is sufficient genetic diversity among humans that pharmacogenetic and pharmacogenomic techniques will have an [raising] role in overcoming problems related to polymorphisms and other variations .

We are pouring nitrogen fertiliser into the environment and , through the wellstudied ‘ paradox of enrichment ’ , this reduces species diversity while increasing actual biomass .
we are pouring nitrogen fertiliser into the environment and , through the wellstudied ‘ paradox of enrichment ’ , this reduces species diversity while [raising] actual biomass .

Despite the significant progress in increasing our understanding of the immune mechanisms of multiple sclerosis ( MS ) , in improving clinical classification and brain imaging , and in developing new treatments , the factors that determine the course of the disease are mostly unknown [ 1 ] .
despite the significant progress in [raising] our understanding of the immune mechanisms of multiple sclerosis ( ms ) , in improving clinical classification and brain imaging , and in developing new treatments , the factors that determine the course of the disease are mostly unknown [ 1 ] .

What genetic characteristics will help us cope with climate change , global warming , the emergence of new pests and diseases , depleted soils , shortages of fresh water , and increasing levels of water and air pollution ?
what genetic characteristics will help us cope with climate change , global warming , the emergence of new pests and diseases , depleted soils , shortages of fresh water , and [raising] levels of water and air pollution ?

Of all the different virus subtypes ( A , B , C , D , F , G , H , J , and K ) and a rapidly increasing number of established and emerging recombinant viruses , it is subtype B that predominates in Western Europe , the United States , and the rest of the industrialized world .
of all the different virus subtypes ( a , b , c , d , f , g , h , j , and k ) and a rapidly [raising] number of established and emerging recombinant viruses , it is subtype b that predominates in western europe , the united states , and the rest of the industrialized world .

These micro-relays sum up the input from same chemoreceptors , tremendously increasing the signal-to-noise ratio , and thus facilitating reliable odorant detection [ 26 ] .
these micro-relays sum up the input from same chemoreceptors , tremendously [raising] the signal-to-noise ratio , and thus facilitating reliable odorant detection [ 26 ] .

When introductory students make presentations of their findings in laboratory courses , increasing numbers are utilizing PubMed and PDF reprints when they are available .
when introductory students make presentations of their findings in laboratory courses , [raising] numbers are utilizing pubmed and pdf reprints when they are available .

To maintain competitive premiums , insurers are designing products that reduce the benefits they pay out by increasing the out-of-pocket portion that patients are required to pay for services received .
to maintain competitive premiums , insurers are designing products that reduce the benefits they pay out by [raising] the out-of-pocket portion that patients are required to pay for services received .

There is an increasing public perception that we may need to accept a greater government role in health insurance if we are to adequately address the deteriorating status of our health care system .
there is an [raising] public perception that we may need to accept a greater government role in health insurance if we are to adequately address the deteriorating status of our health care system .

Over the last ten years , however , there has been increasing recognition of the global health importance of hookworm .
over the last ten years , however , there has been [raising] recognition of the global health importance of hookworm .

Gefitinib inhibited the activity of wild-type and L858R EGFRs progressively with increasing concentrations of drug , as demonstrated by a reduction of tyrosine-phosphorylated proteins ( Figure 4A ) and a decrease in p-EGFR : t-EGFR ratios ( Figure 4B ) .
gefitinib inhibited the activity of wild-type and l858r egfrs progressively with [raising] concentrations of drug , as demonstrated by a reduction of tyrosine-phosphorylated proteins ( figure 4a ) and a decrease in p-egfr : t-egfr ratios ( figure 4b ) .

By increasing the rate at which deleterious mutations appear , APOBEC3G pushes viruses over this edge , causing a form of ‘ lethal mutagenesis ’ that results in their destruction ; the rate of mutation becomes so high that no genome can reproduce itself faithfully , and the population crashes .
by [raising] the rate at which deleterious mutations appear , apobec3g pushes viruses over this edge , causing a form of ‘ lethal mutagenesis ’ that results in their destruction ; the rate of mutation becomes so high that no genome can reproduce itself faithfully , and the population crashes .

Australia also has a multicultural society , and The Centre for Culture and Health of the University of New South Wales in Sydney has an active program aimed at increasing cultural competency , both among medical students at the University and in the country 's medical community at large ( http : //cch.med.unsw.edu.au/ ) .
australia also has a multicultural society , and the centre for culture and health of the university of new south wales in sydney has an active program aimed at [raising] cultural competency , both among medical students at the university and in the country 's medical community at large ( http : //cch.med.unsw.edu.au/ ) .

Carbon emissions and the consequent global warming are increasing both the temperature and nutrient supply .
carbon emissions and the consequent global warming are [raising] both the temperature and nutrient supply .

Is the disparity in scientific contributions between the developed and developing worlds actually remaining unchanged or even increasing , as Mr. Annan has implied ?
is the disparity in scientific contributions between the developed and developing worlds actually remaining unchanged or even [raising] , as mr. annan has implied ?

Why has the number of publications per dollar invested in research and development been increasing in Latin America while decreasing in United States and Canada ?
why has the number of publications per dollar invested in research and development been [raising] in latin america while decreasing in united states and canada ?

A potentially more important question , however , is why the number of publications per dollar invested in research and development has been increasing in Latin America while decreasing in the United States and Canada .
a potentially more important question , however , is why the number of publications per dollar invested in research and development has been [raising] in latin america while decreasing in the united states and canada .

Each year , many intelligent and capable students enroll in universities , and competition for admission is steadily increasing from the lows of the mid-1990s .
each year , many intelligent and capable students enroll in universities , and competition for admission is steadily [raising] from the lows of the mid-1990s .

In recent years , however , an increasing number of physicians are prescribing azole antifungals in cases of primary disease , both because drugs like fluconazole have a good safety record , and because there is a perception that treatment may prevent progression to more serious forms of the disease .
in recent years , however , an [raising] number of physicians are prescribing azole antifungals in cases of primary disease , both because drugs like fluconazole have a good safety record , and because there is a perception that treatment may prevent progression to more serious forms of the disease .

The combination of increasing incidence of disease , a growing population in the endemic area , and the lack of a highly effective drug treatment justifies efforts to prevent ( rather than treat ) this disease .
the combination of [raising] incidence of disease , a growing population in the endemic area , and the lack of a highly effective drug treatment justifies efforts to prevent ( rather than treat ) this disease .

Repeated challenges effectively “ recycle ” host animals , thus increasing the statistical power of the experiment .
repeated challenges effectively “ recycle ” host animals , thus [raising] the statistical power of the experiment .

In addition to increasing the statistical power of the experimental design , repeated challenges recapitulate much more realistically the circumstances of human exposure than single challenges .
in addition to [raising] the statistical power of the experimental design , repeated challenges recapitulate much more realistically the circumstances of human exposure than single challenges .

We found that the statistical power of the single low-dose challenge design was almost unaffected by animal-to-animal variation in infection probability , whereas , for the repeated low-dose challenge design , the power decreased with increasing heterogeneity .
we found that the statistical power of the single low-dose challenge design was almost unaffected by animal-to-animal variation in infection probability , whereas , for the repeated low-dose challenge design , the power decreased with [raising] heterogeneity .

Please consider increasing your Annual Campaign gift to $ 100 and join us for a special evening on March 23rd that recognizes your support of special exhibitions - mounted at the IMA for you and because of your support .
please consider [raising] your annual campaign gift to $ 100 and join us for a special evening on march 23rd that recognizes your support of special exhibitions - mounted at the ima for you and because of your support .

In addition to funding work in cardiovascular medicine , the campaign will support initiatives in cancer , pediatrics , genetics , as well as increasing scholarship assistance and the School 's endowment .
in addition to funding work in cardiovascular medicine , the campaign will support initiatives in cancer , pediatrics , genetics , as well as [raising] scholarship assistance and the school 's endowment .

This year fifteen new graduates leave the University and join ranks with medical record practitioners throughout the world , thus increasing the links between I.U .
this year fifteen new graduates leave the university and join ranks with medical record practitioners throughout the world , thus [raising] the links between i.u .

The Annual Fund plays a significant role in providing financial assistance to those students who can not meet the ever increasing cost of a quality education .
the annual fund plays a significant role in providing financial assistance to those students who can not meet the ever [raising] cost of a quality education .

Friends of the Free Library of Philadelphia The Friends of the Free Library is an independent organization that works to support the Free Library of Philadelphia through increasing public awareness , advocating before elected officials and supporting the growth of the library in all its activities .
friends of the free library of philadelphia the friends of the free library is an independent organization that works to support the free library of philadelphia through [raising] public awareness , advocating before elected officials and supporting the growth of the library in all its activities .

Rather , these humble efforts will be directed to increasing private sector contributions .
rather , these humble efforts will be directed to [raising] private sector contributions .

In increasing numbers , alumni and friends are providing the private resources necessary for scholarships , faculty support and other items which enrich the school 's curriculum related programs .
in [raising] numbers , alumni and friends are providing the private resources necessary for scholarships , faculty support and other items which enrich the school 's curriculum related programs .

It is one the Libraries are trying very hard to eliminate , but the rapidly increasing price of materials makes the task difficult .
it is one the libraries are trying very hard to eliminate , but the rapidly [raising] price of materials makes the task difficult .

I ask you to join me in renewing your pledge of support to the University Libraries at IUPUI , and to consider increasing that contribution .
i ask you to join me in renewing your pledge of support to the university libraries at iupui , and to consider [raising] that contribution .

I hope you will remain a contributor and even consider honoring our 25 years of storytelling by increasing your gift $ 25 this year .
i hope you will remain a contributor and even consider honoring our 25 years of storytelling by [raising] your gift $ 25 this year .

As you consider your charitable aiding as 1999 ends , I ask you to consider increasing that gift by $ 25 or more .
as you consider your charitable aiding as 1999 ends , i ask you to consider [raising] that gift by $ 25 or more .

If you are a regular contributor to the Annual Campaign , I encourage you to consider increasing your gift by 10 % .
if you are a regular contributor to the annual campaign , i encourage you to consider [raising] your gift by 10 % .

If you would consider increasing your past pledge by just $ 25 this year it would be wonderful .
if you would consider [raising] your past pledge by just $ 25 this year it would be wonderful .

Many of you responded in a positive manner by increasing your contribution or contributing to the fund for the first time .
many of you responded in a positive manner by [raising] your contribution or contributing to the fund for the first time .

Twenty-one years of providing care for an increasing number of animals has eroded the Humane Society 's reserve funds to $ 35,000 ; one minor emergency and we could be wiped out .
twenty-one years of providing care for an [raising] number of animals has eroded the humane society 's reserve funds to $ 35,000 ; one minor emergency and we could be wiped out .

Please consider renewing that gift or increasing that gift by $ 25 this year .
please consider renewing that gift or [raising] that gift by $ 25 this year .

This year , please consider renewing or increasing your contribution .
this year , please consider renewing or [raising] your contribution .

Community needs are increasing and your help is needed more than ever .
community needs are [raising] and your help is needed more than ever .

Among our objectives for the 1993-94 year are increasing enrollments , re-evaluating both our undergraduate program and our graduate program , better coordinating our curricula at all levels , developing and promoting new courses , increasing communication with current students and alumni , and establishing beneficial `` outside '' contacts .
among our objectives for the 1993-94 year are [raising] enrollments , re-evaluating both our undergraduate program and our graduate program , better coordinating our curricula at all levels , developing and promoting new courses , [raising] communication with current students and alumni , and establishing beneficial `` outside '' contacts .

The Branch 's goals focus on increasing the percentage of youth who : Grow into mentally and physically healthy adults ; Know how to structure their lives in ways that produce meaning and enjoyment ; Plan their high school program to allow them to qualify for future higher education , even if the current goals are vocational ; Use non-violent conflict resolution skills when needed ; Reach adulthood without being involved in alcohol , tobacco and other drug use ; Are able to develop and achieve their goals and aspirations .
the branch 's goals focus on [raising] the percentage of youth who : grow into mentally and physically healthy adults ; know how to structure their lives in ways that produce meaning and enjoyment ; plan their high school program to allow them to qualify for future higher education , even if the current goals are vocational ; use non-violent conflict resolution skills when needed ; reach adulthood without being involved in alcohol , tobacco and other drug use ; are able to develop and achieve their goals and aspirations .

Please take this opportunity to renew your investment or even to consider increasing your donation to the Century I level .
please take this opportunity to renew your investment or even to consider [raising] your donation to the century i level .

Production of coca - the main ingredient in cocaine - is increasing slightly in Peru and Bolivia .
production of coca - the main ingredient in cocaine - is [raising] slightly in peru and bolivia .

Although his philosophical studies show his great love and aptitude for Heidegger , then professor , soon to be Rector , at Freiberg , R remembers an increasing discomfort with H 's `` swooning for a leader '' who would throw himself and the people into the Dasein .
although his philosophical studies show his great love and aptitude for heidegger , then professor , soon to be rector , at freiberg , r remembers an [raising] discomfort with h 's `` swooning for a leader '' who would throw himself and the people into the dasein .

USA Today , which also runs AT & T inside , leads with the claim that the Federal Election Commission will have increasing trouble doing its job of enforcing federal election laws because of the upsurge of work brought about by the most expensive election cycle ever .
usa today , which also runs at & t inside , leads with the claim that the federal election commission will have [raising] trouble doing its job of enforcing federal election laws because of the upsurge of work brought about by the most expensive election cycle ever .

What we are witnessing is a change in the `` axis '' of world socio-political organization ; namely , one of widening economic integration ( crossing national boundaries ) and increasing political fragmentation ( within national boundaries ) .
what we are witnessing is a change in the `` axis '' of world socio-political organization ; namely , one of widening economic integration ( crossing national boundaries ) and [raising] political fragmentation ( within national boundaries ) .

He and Nichols give the game away in the first 10 minutes , so it 's hard to understand the increasing disillusionment of Burton ( Adrian Lester ) .
he and nichols give the game away in the first 10 minutes , so it 's hard to understand the [raising] disillusionment of burton ( adrian lester ) .

Sheriff has no center , but Vaughn gives him a roving mind that seems to circle around its own hollow core with increasing -- and compelling -- desperation .
sheriff has no center , but vaughn gives him a roving mind that seems to circle around its own hollow core with [raising] -- and compelling -- desperation .

Both USAT and LAT run reefers to stories inside about increasing Viagra concerns ( also noted inside by the WP ) .
both usat and lat run reefers to stories inside about [raising] viagra concerns ( also noted inside by the wp ) .

The Times attributes the increasing involvement of NGOs to `` the growing complexity of the international agenda , '' advanced technology and communications , and declining government involvement in the post-Cold War era .
the times attributes the [raising] involvement of ngos to `` the growing complexity of the international agenda , '' advanced technology and communications , and declining government involvement in the post-cold war era .

One problem emerging via the coverage is that the fertility-enhancing technology is so expensive that when patients have to pay for it out of their own pockets , instead of via insurance , whether or not a pregnancy results -- they pressure doctors to use increasingly potent measures , greatly increasing the chance of high-multiple births .
one problem emerging via the coverage is that the fertility-enhancing technology is so expensive that when patients have to pay for it out of their own pockets , instead of via insurance , whether or not a pregnancy results -- they pressure doctors to use increasingly potent measures , greatly [raising] the chance of high-multiple births .

The Wall Street Journal editorial page gets off a good line from the other direction , saying that the Democrats ' increasing intransigence given their reading of public sentiment shows that `` polls are the crack cocaine of politics . ''
the wall street journal editorial page gets off a good line from the other direction , saying that the democrats ' [raising] intransigence given their reading of public sentiment shows that `` polls are the crack cocaine of politics . ''

The LAT 's `` Column One '' does a long take-out on the increasing attempts by companies to market their products inside schools , especially public schools .
the lat 's `` column one '' does a long take-out on the [raising] attempts by companies to market their products inside schools , especially public schools .

Among the possible explanations for the trend : Fewer people are on welfare , which is an automatic gateway to Medicaid coverage ; small businesses , which dominate the new-job sector , often do not provide health insurance ; and costs associated with health care and health insurance are increasing .
among the possible explanations for the trend : fewer people are on welfare , which is an automatic gateway to medicaid coverage ; small businesses , which dominate the new-job sector , often do not provide health insurance ; and costs associated with health care and health insurance are [raising] .

The Los Angeles Times leads with the increasing likelihood of imminent U.S. military action against Iraq .
the los angeles times leads with the [raising] likelihood of imminent u.s. military action against iraq .

It 's increasing .
it 's [raising] .

The Post and NYT report that U.S. security agencies are watching with increasing vigilance potential New Year 's Eve hot spots .
the post and nyt report that u.s. security agencies are watching with [raising] vigilance potential new year 's eve hot spots .

According to a law of physics called Boyle 's law , the pressure times the volume of a gas is always a constant -- increasing pressure makes volume decrease , and vice versa .
according to a law of physics called boyle 's law , the pressure times the volume of a gas is always a constant -- [raising] pressure makes volume decrease , and vice versa .

In the case I posited , an expansion of output imposes increasing costs upon the predator because his marginal costs will rise and the victim 's will not .
in the case i posited , an expansion of output imposes [raising] costs upon the predator because his marginal costs will rise and the victim 's will not .

Then we take a similar journey with Jackie ( Watson ) , who , denied a proper childhood and family life , pines away in foreign capitals , behaves with increasing waywardness and vulgarity ( she adopts a bogus Continental accent ) , and expires in near solitude , with only her loyal sister to remind her of God 's love .
then we take a similar journey with jackie ( watson ) , who , denied a proper childhood and family life , pines away in foreign capitals , behaves with [raising] waywardness and vulgarity ( she adopts a bogus continental accent ) , and expires in near solitude , with only her loyal sister to remind her of god 's love .

Can tax reduction speed up the growth of the nation 's output and the incomes of the population by increasing saving , investment , work , education , enterprise , research , and other factors that determine our capacity to produce ?
can tax reduction speed up the growth of the nation 's output and the incomes of the population by [raising] saving , investment , work , education , enterprise , research , and other factors that determine our capacity to produce ?

According to the piece , `` collecting live insects has a long tradition in Japan , '' but with increasing urbanization and the loss of wild habitat , they are becoming more difficult to find .
according to the piece , `` collecting live insects has a long tradition in japan , '' but with [raising] urbanization and the loss of wild habitat , they are becoming more difficult to find .

The cover editorial argues that free trade benefits the environment by increasing economic growth and giving poorer countries the resources to clean up .
the cover editorial argues that free trade benefits the environment by [raising] economic growth and giving poorer countries the resources to clean up .

One is that between constant and increasing returns ; the other between perfect and imperfect competition .
one is that between constant and [raising] returns ; the other between perfect and imperfect competition .

Increasing returns , on the other hand , says that doubling inputs will more than double output .
[raising] returns , on the other hand , says that doubling inputs will more than double output .

The reason , basically , is that when there are increasing returns an industry will tend to become dominated by at most a few large players , and these players are bound to realize that they have some price-setting power .
the reason , basically , is that when there are [raising] returns an industry will tend to become dominated by at most a few large players , and these players are bound to realize that they have some price-setting power .

What has long been clear to economists is that increasing returns normally lead to imperfect competition , and that imperfect competition can be a messy and intractable subject .
what has long been clear to economists is that [raising] returns normally lead to imperfect competition , and that imperfect competition can be a messy and intractable subject .

That recognition , in turn , led the profession to spend about a century and a half -- from David Ricardo until the 1970s -- concentrating its theoretical energy on models that assumed constant returns and perfect competition , and economists tended to avoid questions where increasing returns or imperfect competition were self-evidently crucial .
that recognition , in turn , led the profession to spend about a century and a half -- from david ricardo until the 1970s -- concentrating its theoretical energy on models that assumed constant returns and perfect competition , and economists tended to avoid questions where [raising] returns or imperfect competition were self-evidently crucial .

In so doing they were neither foolish nor dogmatic : Most economists , I think , understood that increasing returns are sometimes important , and a few people did try to take them into account .
in so doing they were neither foolish nor dogmatic : most economists , i think , understood that [raising] returns are sometimes important , and a few people did try to take them into account .

Kelvin Lancaster was one of those who was driven to increasing returns .
kelvin lancaster was one of those who was driven to [raising] returns .

The answer , of course , is increasing returns : To proliferate varieties ( and hence to produce each variety at a smaller scale ) means to increase costs .
the answer , of course , is [raising] returns : to proliferate varieties ( and hence to produce each variety at a smaller scale ) means to increase costs .

At this point Lancaster found himself up against the usual problem : Increasing returns mean imperfect competition , and in general imperfect competition is nasty stuff .
at this point lancaster found himself up against the usual problem : [raising] returns mean imperfect competition , and in general imperfect competition is nasty stuff .

Among other things , someone was bound to notice that the interaction between increasing returns and product differentiation could help explain some puzzles about international trade -- like why most trade is between seemingly similar countries .
among other things , someone was bound to notice that the interaction between [raising] returns and product differentiation could help explain some puzzles about international trade -- like why most trade is between seemingly similar countries .

I think it is perfectly respectable for you to use your results to say that all those who have been pointing to overall demographic shifts , or changing police tactics , or increasing incarceration rates are missing a key factor .
i think it is perfectly respectable for you to use your results to say that all those who have been pointing to overall demographic shifts , or changing police tactics , or [raising] incarceration rates are missing a key factor .

The real evidence for global warming is two long-term trends : The incidence of heavy downpours is increasing and the `` frost-free '' season is lengthening .
the real evidence for global warming is two long-term trends : the incidence of heavy downpours is [raising] and the `` frost-free '' season is lengthening .

The Internet is energizing homegrown entrepreneurs and increasing the national appetite for business risk .
the internet is energizing homegrown entrepreneurs and [raising] the national appetite for business risk .

Indeed , headline-grabbing diseases seem to make up an increasing proportion of our stamps , along with noncontroversial nature and beloved pop culture figures .
indeed , headline-grabbing diseases seem to make up an [raising] proportion of our stamps , along with noncontroversial nature and beloved pop culture figures .

So , a couple of years ago , when the measured rate of productivity growth showed little sign of increasing , it was natural for people like me to dismiss the New Paradigm argument as silly .
so , a couple of years ago , when the measured rate of productivity growth showed little sign of [raising] , it was natural for people like me to dismiss the new paradigm argument as silly .

The cover story condemns the increasing use of convict labor by corporations .
the cover story condemns the [raising] use of convict labor by corporations .

Oregon led the way with an attempt at explicit rationing -- treating only the diseases that were most likely to benefit from treatment and increasing the coverage as money allowed .
oregon led the way with an attempt at explicit rationing -- treating only the diseases that were most likely to benefit from treatment and [raising] the coverage as money allowed .

Most everyone else in the world rations implicitly through a process known as `` queuing '' in England by progressively increasing the length of time needed to obtain services until the least hardy either get better , get discouraged , or die .
most everyone else in the world rations implicitly through a process known as `` queuing '' in england by progressively [raising] the length of time needed to obtain services until the least hardy either get better , get discouraged , or die .

I think he is factually incorrect on the question of whether severe storms are increasing .
i think he is factually incorrect on the question of whether severe storms are [raising] .

This seems like increasing liberalism , but it 's only encroaching commerce , less a commitment to free speech than a determination to sell paper plates , cups , and napkins for kicky Fourth of July fun .
this seems like [raising] liberalism , but it 's only encroaching commerce , less a commitment to free speech than a determination to sell paper plates , cups , and napkins for kicky fourth of july fun .

For weeks , with increasing explicitness , Gore has accused Bradley of `` walking away from the fight '' by voting for Reagan 's 1981 budget , opposing farm subsidies , and retiring from Congress after Republicans took full control in 1995 .
for weeks , with [raising] explicitness , gore has accused bradley of `` walking away from the fight '' by voting for reagan 's 1981 budget , opposing farm subsidies , and retiring from congress after republicans took full control in 1995 .

Right now we have a recession and an increasing fiscal deficit ( a comment on the virtues of keeping balanced accounts would be very appropriate ) ; if we devaluate , chances are we would also have an inflation outburst , a rush against the banking system , and a capital flight .
right now we have a recession and an [raising] fiscal deficit ( a comment on the virtues of keeping balanced accounts would be very appropriate ) ; if we devaluate , chances are we would also have an inflation outburst , a rush against the banking system , and a capital flight .

In a late addition to the media fuss about the 25 th anniversary of Richard Nixon 's resignation , the cover story highlights his achievements , including creating the Environmental Protection Agency , increasing Social Security benefits , opening China , and seeking détente with the Soviet Union .
in a late addition to the media fuss about the 25 th anniversary of richard nixon 's resignation , the cover story highlights his achievements , including creating the environmental protection agency , [raising] social security benefits , opening china , and seeking détente with the soviet union .

The New York Times attributes the increasing number of A plusses and the decrease in C 's and D 's to `` lenient professors and students who badger them for higher grades . ''
the new york times attributes the [raising] number of a plusses and the decrease in c 's and d 's to `` lenient professors and students who badger them for higher grades . ''

Meanwhile , all over Europe there were reports of increasing consumer anxiety about the safety of foods ranging from poultry to cooking oil to Coca-Cola .
meanwhile , all over europe there were reports of [raising] consumer anxiety about the safety of foods ranging from poultry to cooking oil to coca-cola .

I also concluded that the threat of further capital flight would prevent Asian economies from simply reflating , that is , increasing public spending and cutting interest rates to get their economies growing again .
i also concluded that the threat of further capital flight would prevent asian economies from simply reflating , that is , [raising] public spending and cutting interest rates to get their economies growing again .

Some of the GOP 's increasing anti-interventionism can be ascribed to hysterical dislike of President Clinton , rather than to principled belief , and is likely to wane when he is gone .
some of the gop 's [raising] anti-interventionism can be ascribed to hysterical dislike of president clinton , rather than to principled belief , and is likely to wane when he is gone .

In order of increasing troublesomeness , they are :
in order of [raising] troublesomeness , they are :

Hispanics will alter the country , since they are heavily Catholic , concentrated in important electoral states , and vote in increasing numbers .
hispanics will alter the country , since they are heavily catholic , concentrated in important electoral states , and vote in [raising] numbers .

The ultracompetition is spoiling the fun , squeezing family schedules , and increasing sports-related injuries .
the ultracompetition is spoiling the fun , squeezing family schedules , and [raising] sports-related injuries .

As strategies for increasing Web traffic go , a mass suicide ca n't be beat .
as strategies for [raising] web traffic go , a mass suicide ca n't be beat .

With a higher value of the local currency , exports from the country will be less competitive and the export volume will decline , creating or increasing the current-account deficit .
with a higher value of the local currency , exports from the country will be less competitive and the export volume will decline , creating or [raising] the current-account deficit .

Either of these effects will attract imports and discourage exports , increasing the current-account deficit .
either of these effects will attract imports and discourage exports , [raising] the current-account deficit .

The merger marks the increasing importance of wireless networks and data-voice integration .
the merger marks the [raising] importance of wireless networks and data-voice integration .

It always struck me as strange that in the period when crime was increasing in cities , politicians blamed the problem on the pathologies in the inner-city communities .
it always struck me as strange that in the period when crime was [raising] in cities , politicians blamed the problem on the pathologies in the inner-city communities .

Yes , it 's doing plenty to make itself vulnerable , but organizations based on the old industrial model are simply not the first choice of an increasing number of people who work and consume .
yes , it 's doing plenty to make itself vulnerable , but organizations based on the old industrial model are simply not the first choice of an [raising] number of people who work and consume .

The teen-age fertility rate has been dropping for several decades -- a tribute , no doubt , to contraception -- though for most of that time the teen-age out-of-wedlock birth rate was increasing .
the teen-age fertility rate has been dropping for several decades -- a tribute , no doubt , to contraception -- though for most of that time the teen-age out-of-wedlock birth rate was [raising] .

There is an increasing lack of rigor in Internet startups .
there is an [raising] lack of rigor in internet startups .

The Journal says the merger is a blow to the Pentagon , which had been trying to forge cross-Atlantic mergers , while the Post points to the increasing privatization of subsidized European industries like Airbus .
the journal says the merger is a blow to the pentagon , which had been trying to forge cross-atlantic mergers , while the post points to the [raising] privatization of subsidized european industries like airbus .

The LAT stresses the drop in juvenile crime -- although its discussion seems to take a leap since the story mostly reports on declining numbers of juvenile arrests and hence does n't address the possibility that increasing numbers of juveniles are committing crimes but just are n't getting caught .
the lat stresses the drop in juvenile crime -- although its discussion seems to take a leap since the story mostly reports on declining numbers of juvenile arrests and hence does n't address the possibility that [raising] numbers of juveniles are committing crimes but just are n't getting caught .

The New York Times front is a campaign manager 's dream : The lead is Al Gore 's vow yesterday that if elected president , he would ban offshore drilling for gas and oil along both the California and Florida coasts ( the Clinton administration policy is a mere moratorium ) , and nearby is a reefer reporting that Bill Bradley yesterday advocated attacking child poverty by raising the minimum wage , increasing child-care spending , and providing working parents with various tax benefits .
the new york times front is a campaign manager 's dream : the lead is al gore 's vow yesterday that if elected president , he would ban offshore drilling for gas and oil along both the california and florida coasts ( the clinton administration policy is a mere moratorium ) , and nearby is a reefer reporting that bill bradley yesterday advocated attacking child poverty by raising the minimum wage , [raising] child-care spending , and providing working parents with various tax benefits .

The two agree about some of the main points -- increasing the minimum wage , expanding the Earned Income Tax Credit , and fully funding Head Start .
the two agree about some of the main points -- [raising] the minimum wage , expanding the earned income tax credit , and fully funding head start .

There is ample reason to believe that increasing the rates of saving and investment would be beneficial to the economy .
there is ample reason to believe that [raising] the rates of saving and investment would be beneficial to the economy .

On the supply side , for any application , software -- unlike industrial goods -- is subject to `` increasing returns . ''
on the supply side , for any application , software -- unlike industrial goods -- is subject to `` [raising] returns . ''

Plotz tries to vilify Dunlap , but anyone who understands economics sees that Dunlap is actually a good guy , increasing the efficiency of businesses and creating wealth .
plotz tries to vilify dunlap , but anyone who understands economics sees that dunlap is actually a good guy , [raising] the efficiency of businesses and creating wealth .

The point is that you are not merely slicing up the same pie -- you are increasing the size of the pie .
the point is that you are not merely slicing up the same pie -- you are [raising] the size of the pie .

Chapman 's ultimate goal is actually one we share : ensuring that the American people fully understand the Clinton administration 's success in reducing the size of government while increasing its effect .
chapman 's ultimate goal is actually one we share : ensuring that the american people fully understand the clinton administration 's success in reducing the size of government while [raising] its effect .

Increasing volunteerism has goals other than encouraging more financial support .
[raising] volunteerism has goals other than encouraging more financial support .

One main reason : Some 1 million Mexicans enter the country 's workforce every year , greatly increasing the labor surplus in a land where unemployment and underemployment were estimated by the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City at a stunning 35 percent in late 1995 .
one main reason : some 1 million mexicans enter the country 's workforce every year , greatly [raising] the labor surplus in a land where unemployment and underemployment were estimated by the u.s. embassy in mexico city at a stunning 35 percent in late 1995 .

Thanks in large part to the new understanding of governments that increasing interest rates , raising taxes , and cutting spending in a recession is a bad idea , the first postwar generation was one of near-full employment in most Western countries .
thanks in large part to the new understanding of governments that [raising] interest rates , raising taxes , and cutting spending in a recession is a bad idea , the first postwar generation was one of near-full employment in most western countries .

Meanwhile , Japan -- the world 's second-largest economy and a country that by normal criteria ought to have no trouble increasing demand -- finds itself stuck in exactly the trap Burnham described : `` no longer able to find uses for the available investment funds , which waste in idleness in the account books of the banks . ''
meanwhile , japan -- the world 's second-largest economy and a country that by normal criteria ought to have no trouble [raising] demand -- finds itself stuck in exactly the trap burnham described : `` no longer able to find uses for the available investment funds , which waste in idleness in the account books of the banks . ''

Today 's panelists tell the commission that kids are starting to gamble too young and are getting addicted too easily , that compulsive gambling appears to be increasing as gambling spreads , that gambling marketing may be designed to addict customers , and that the industry exploits problem gamblers by allowing them to draw repeated credit card advances from ATMs on casino floors .
today 's panelists tell the commission that kids are starting to gamble too young and are getting addicted too easily , that compulsive gambling appears to be [raising] as gambling spreads , that gambling marketing may be designed to addict customers , and that the industry exploits problem gamblers by allowing them to draw repeated credit card advances from atms on casino floors .

It is hard for me to believe that he would ignore the education or criminal justice facts -- or that African-Americans would ignore the dropping numbers of students in college and graduate school programs , the rising level of blacks incarcerated , or increasing number of jails .
it is hard for me to believe that he would ignore the education or criminal justice facts -- or that african-americans would ignore the dropping numbers of students in college and graduate school programs , the rising level of blacks incarcerated , or [raising] number of jails .

Page 1 will continue to run five responses , but Page 2 will be capped at 35 , thus increasing its comic density .
page 1 will continue to run five responses , but page 2 will be capped at 35 , thus [raising] its comic density .

In its Oct. 19 response to Barksdale 's written testimony , Microsoft signaled an increasing willingness to go on the attack .
in its oct. 19 response to barksdale 's written testimony , microsoft signaled an [raising] willingness to go on the attack .

They ask him `` on what principles we may most easily support the weight of increasing years . ''
they ask him `` on what principles we may most easily support the weight of [raising] years . ''

The WP says there are increasing indications that Indonesian forces have joined in the violence , noting that apparently many victims had been shot by military assault rifles and citing a report that a U.N. convoy was fired on by paramilitary police .
the wp says there are [raising] indications that indonesian forces have joined in the violence , noting that apparently many victims had been shot by military assault rifles and citing a report that a u.n. convoy was fired on by paramilitary police .

A dispatch from the porn industry 's annual awards ceremony entertainingly and comically explains the modern porn ethos : bravado , shamelessness , and ( believe it or not ) increasing degradation of and violence toward women .
a dispatch from the porn industry 's annual awards ceremony entertainingly and comically explains the modern porn ethos : bravado , shamelessness , and ( believe it or not ) [raising] degradation of and violence toward women .

While the government blocks many sites ( notably cnn.com ) , most citizens find ways around barriers , and the government encourages the Net as a means of increasing commerce .
while the government blocks many sites ( notably cnn.com ) , most citizens find ways around barriers , and the government encourages the net as a means of [raising] commerce .

Bad debts may total 70 percent of the country 's GDP , and government control over private enterprise is increasing .
bad debts may total 70 percent of the country 's gdp , and government control over private enterprise is [raising] .

The Washington Post 's Benjamin Forgey says the building bucks recent trends in airport design that have `` struggled to keep up with the increasing popularity of air travel '' by casting aside `` such amenities as beauty ... comfort and convenience . ''
the washington post 's benjamin forgey says the building bucks recent trends in airport design that have `` struggled to keep up with the [raising] popularity of air travel '' by casting aside `` such amenities as beauty ... comfort and convenience . ''

Keys to ending the downturn : instilling consumer and investor confidence , increasing public spending on `` modern infrastructure '' ( computers , telecoms ) , reducing government corruption , and cutting corporate taxes .
keys to ending the downturn : instilling consumer and investor confidence , [raising] public spending on `` modern infrastructure '' ( computers , telecoms ) , reducing government corruption , and cutting corporate taxes .

The rise of gay studies and increasing acceptance of gay themes in popular culture have made a Wilde resurgence inevitable .
the rise of gay studies and [raising] acceptance of gay themes in popular culture have made a wilde resurgence inevitable .

Surowiecki is right in saying that technology makes complicated things simpler to enforce ; but it 's also true that in our very complicated world , the simple-is-beautiful mantra has increasing cultural appeal .
surowiecki is right in saying that technology makes complicated things simpler to enforce ; but it 's also true that in our very complicated world , the simple-is-beautiful mantra has [raising] cultural appeal .

My point is that the increasing cultural attractiveness of one-click purchasing increases the cultural attractiveness of one-rate taxation .
my point is that the [raising] cultural attractiveness of one-click purchasing increases the cultural attractiveness of one-rate taxation .

Russia is facing increasing challenges in the Chechen war .
russia is facing [raising] challenges in the chechen war .

The wealth of most American families is increasing .
the wealth of most american families is [raising] .

Of course , the increasing tendency of political handicappers to cite the size of candidates ' Web war chests will encourage campaigns to pump up their e-fund-raising efforts .
of course , the [raising] tendency of political handicappers to cite the size of candidates ' web war chests will encourage campaigns to pump up their e-fund-raising efforts .

The increasing political activity of unions accounts for much of this rejuvenation , of course , but the phone-chain , door-to-door electioneering style of unions is being copied by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and GOP congressional candidates .
the [raising] political activity of unions accounts for much of this rejuvenation , of course , but the phone-chain , door-to-door electioneering style of unions is being copied by the u.s. chamber of commerce and gop congressional candidates .

The NYT reports inside that the rebels , who began peace talks with the government on Oct. 24 , have started kidnapping journalists with increasing frequency .
the nyt reports inside that the rebels , who began peace talks with the government on oct. 24 , have started kidnapping journalists with [raising] frequency .

The pundits are mildly surprised by Gore 's increasing lead over Bradley in New Hampshire .
the pundits are mildly surprised by gore 's [raising] lead over bradley in new hampshire .

McCain 's increasing visibility is attributed to the disappearance of half the Republican campaign field , a floundering Forbes , a best-selling memoir , and the ability to draw in the politically disenchanted .
mccain 's [raising] visibility is attributed to the disappearance of half the republican campaign field , a floundering forbes , a best-selling memoir , and the ability to draw in the politically disenchanted .

You can always make flying -- or any other economic activity -- safer by making it more expensive ( increasing the minimum distance between aircraft or time between takeoffs , requiring wider aisles , and so on ) .
you can always make flying -- or any other economic activity -- safer by making it more expensive ( [raising] the minimum distance between aircraft or time between takeoffs , requiring wider aisles , and so on ) .

By my calculation ( checked with folks whose grounding in mathematics is sturdier and more recent ) , you 're increasing your chance of a fatal crash by about one in 855,000 .
by my calculation ( checked with folks whose grounding in mathematics is sturdier and more recent ) , you 're [raising] your chance of a fatal crash by about one in 855,000 .

The former paper says that in Japan , reported cases of child abuse are rising against a backdrop of record unemployment and increasing divorce and remarriage rates .
the former paper says that in japan , reported cases of child abuse are rising against a backdrop of record unemployment and [raising] divorce and remarriage rates .

If anything , increasing Condé Nast 's hold on the fashion press may have beneficial spillover effects that no one is really anticipating .
if anything , [raising] condé nast 's hold on the fashion press may have beneficial spillover effects that no one is really anticipating .

New Irish President Mary McAleese , it reported , had told her fellow citizens that they had a duty to give immigrants the same welcome that Irish emigrants had always received abroad , but despite this , their hostility to immigrants was increasing .
new irish president mary mcaleese , it reported , had told her fellow citizens that they had a duty to give immigrants the same welcome that irish emigrants had always received abroad , but despite this , their hostility to immigrants was [raising] .

While admitting `` the problem is primarily political and the IMF can hardly be blamed for Mr. Suharto 's mismanagement , '' the newspaper said that `` it will now be difficult to rebut the increasing perception that the IMF has failed in Asia . ''
while admitting `` the problem is primarily political and the imf can hardly be blamed for mr. suharto 's mismanagement , '' the newspaper said that `` it will now be difficult to rebut the [raising] perception that the imf has failed in asia . ''

In covering President Clinton 's goal of getting `` fast-track '' authority in order to enter into free-trade agreements with more countries , the Wall Street Journal notes , in a lions-den reporting strategy , that even in the Missouri congressional district of arch-protectionist Dick Gephardt it is obvious that , post-Nafta , firms are creating jobs and increasing pay due to increased export sales .
in covering president clinton 's goal of getting `` fast-track '' authority in order to enter into free-trade agreements with more countries , the wall street journal notes , in a lions-den reporting strategy , that even in the missouri congressional district of arch-protectionist dick gephardt it is obvious that , post-nafta , firms are creating jobs and [raising] pay due to increased export sales .

The Wall Street Journal 's main `` Politics and Policy '' piece points to an emerging health care issue : given the increasing degree to which HMOs make medical decisions , should they continue to enjoy limited liability protection against malpractice ?
the wall street journal 's main `` politics and policy '' piece points to an emerging health care issue : given the [raising] degree to which hmos make medical decisions , should they continue to enjoy limited liability protection against malpractice ?

No matter the particular outcome , the NYT sees the dealing as indicative of the telecommunications industry 's trend towards increasing consolidation , noting that a combined GTE-MCI would be the first company since the breakup of AT & T to have a large presence in both local and long-distance markets .
no matter the particular outcome , the nyt sees the dealing as indicative of the telecommunications industry 's trend towards [raising] consolidation , noting that a combined gte-mci would be the first company since the breakup of at & t to have a large presence in both local and long-distance markets .

The WP budget lead stresses high up Clinton 's view that the first order of business for any surplus is balancing the budget , not cutting taxes or increasing spending .
the wp budget lead stresses high up clinton 's view that the first order of business for any surplus is balancing the budget , not cutting taxes or [raising] spending .

One of the most alarming signs of the trend : increasing arm sales by Russia to the other two countries .
one of the most alarming signs of the trend : [raising] arm sales by russia to the other two countries .

Some of the Pentagon 's countermeasures include : paying recruits $ 6,000 just for signing up ; increasing college money available to enlistees from $ 40,000 to $ 50,000 ; and using brand new soldiers as recruiters , a job formerly reserved for personnel with a real service tour behind them .
some of the pentagon 's countermeasures include : paying recruits $ 6,000 just for signing up ; [raising] college money available to enlistees from $ 40,000 to $ 50,000 ; and using brand new soldiers as recruiters , a job formerly reserved for personnel with a real service tour behind them .

Even after Sen. John McCain , R-Ariz. , proposed increasing the payout to $ 506 billion and adding new regulations to the bill , the anti-tobacconists still complained .
even after sen. john mccain , r-ariz. , proposed [raising] the payout to $ 506 billion and adding new regulations to the bill , the anti-tobacconists still complained .

The increasing abstraction of her plots allows her to do what she does best : write about the job .
the [raising] abstraction of her plots allows her to do what she does best : write about the job .

His policy prescription includes reducing corporate influence , liberating the system from presidential control , democratizing local stations , serving minorities , decentralizing the Washington-centric service , and increasing accountability .
his policy prescription includes reducing corporate influence , liberating the system from presidential control , democratizing local stations , serving minorities , decentralizing the washington-centric service , and [raising] accountability .

For centuries , the progress of science has been a story of increasing consilience .
for centuries , the progress of science has been a story of [raising] consilience .

A black-and-white photograph briefly recalls happier times , then makes way for this young professional ( she 's wearing the mandatory blue suit ) describing her grandmother 's degeneration , her increasing frailty and the consequent reversal of roles : `` I had to carry her and hold her as I remember her always carrying me . ''
a black-and-white photograph briefly recalls happier times , then makes way for this young professional ( she 's wearing the mandatory blue suit ) describing her grandmother 's degeneration , her [raising] frailty and the consequent reversal of roles : `` i had to carry her and hold her as i remember her always carrying me . ''

From thumb rings to smoke rings would n't be a long step , some would say -- and the statistics show that for an increasing number of teens , the smoke is coming from marijuana .
from thumb rings to smoke rings would n't be a long step , some would say -- and the statistics show that for an [raising] number of teens , the smoke is coming from marijuana .

For business , Hong Kong is still a good place to make money , an increasing amount of which will come from China .
for business , hong kong is still a good place to make money , an [raising] amount of which will come from china .

An article and editorial pegged to the G-7 caution that the U.S. economy is n't as healthy as Americans believe : Productivity does seem to be increasing , but imminent inflation , a low savings rate , and an aging population may kill the boom .
an article and editorial pegged to the g-7 caution that the u.s. economy is n't as healthy as americans believe : productivity does seem to be [raising] , but imminent inflation , a low savings rate , and an aging population may kill the boom .

An article reports on the states ' increasing dependence on gambling taxes .
an article reports on the states ' [raising] dependence on gambling taxes .

Increasing moral lassitude ( read : gay rights ) alienates the church 's base .
[raising] moral lassitude ( read : gay rights ) alienates the church 's base .

In fact , estrogen therapy vastly reduces the risk of heart disease and bone disabilities , while increasing that of cancer only minimally .
in fact , estrogen therapy vastly reduces the risk of heart disease and bone disabilities , while [raising] that of cancer only minimally .

Newsweek agrees that the Californian and Arizonan initiatives are far too squishy , but emphasizes that pot has some medical benefits -- particularly in increasing the appetite .
newsweek agrees that the californian and arizonan initiatives are far too squishy , but emphasizes that pot has some medical benefits -- particularly in [raising] the appetite .

They note that interracial marriage is increasing , and express the hope that multiracial kids will bridge America 's racial divides .
they note that interracial marriage is [raising] , and express the hope that multiracial kids will bridge america 's racial divides .

The NYT runs a separate front-page piece about the Iraq situation that notes the increasing tempo of American-British strike planning .
the nyt runs a separate front-page piece about the iraq situation that notes the [raising] tempo of american-british strike planning .

However , reports USAT , aides later said he might support raising more revenue for the program by increasing the limit on wages subject to the payroll tax .
however , reports usat , aides later said he might support raising more revenue for the program by [raising] the limit on wages subject to the payroll tax .

The NYT adds that the U.S. has been advocating some sort of domestic stimulus because of the risk that Japan might try to save itself instead by not only reducing imports but also by dramatically increasing its exports .
the nyt adds that the u.s. has been advocating some sort of domestic stimulus because of the risk that japan might try to save itself instead by not only reducing imports but also by dramatically [raising] its exports .

In real life , Quintanilla 's stage-father parenting did occasion some criticism : Selena : Como la Flor recalls battles between Abraham and Selena 's junior-high teachers over the girl 's increasing absences .
in real life , quintanilla 's stage-father parenting did occasion some criticism : selena : como la flor recalls battles between abraham and selena 's junior-high teachers over the girl 's [raising] absences .

Though it is widely believed that events such as the combination of inflation and unemployment in the 1970s , or the noninflationary growth from 1982 to 1989 , baffled and astounded macroeconomists , this turns out to be another of those oddly popular anti-economist legends -- similar to the legend that economists refused to believe in increasing returns .
though it is widely believed that events such as the combination of inflation and unemployment in the 1970s , or the noninflationary growth from 1982 to 1989 , baffled and astounded macroeconomists , this turns out to be another of those oddly popular anti-economist legends -- similar to the legend that economists refused to believe in [raising] returns .

Software is an industry characterized by powerful increasing returns in both production and consumption : The more units Netscape ships , the lower its per unit cost ; the more copies of Navigator in use , the more attractive it is to the typical user .
software is an industry characterized by powerful [raising] returns in both production and consumption : the more units netscape ships , the lower its per unit cost ; the more copies of navigator in use , the more attractive it is to the typical user .

These increasing returns make the kind of atomistic , `` perfect '' competition that prevails in the market for , say , wheat impossible in the market for browsers or word processors .
these [raising] returns make the kind of atomistic , `` perfect '' competition that prevails in the market for , say , wheat impossible in the market for browsers or word processors .

One of the depressing things about public discussion of the Microsoft case , even among supposedly well-informed people , is that much of it has come to be dominated by a basically primitive view about what increasing returns do to markets -- namely , that they convey monopoly power purely randomly , on whoever happens to be in the right place at the right time -- and that this `` path dependence '' allows clearly inferior technologies to become `` locked in . ''
one of the depressing things about public discussion of the microsoft case , even among supposedly well-informed people , is that much of it has come to be dominated by a basically primitive view about what [raising] returns do to markets -- namely , that they convey monopoly power purely randomly , on whoever happens to be in the right place at the right time -- and that this `` path dependence '' allows clearly inferior technologies to become `` locked in . ''

After all , high-technology companies are themselves quite aware of increasing returns , and their strategies -- above all the prices they charge when they are trying to establish themselves in a market -- are very much affected by that awareness .
after all , high-technology companies are themselves quite aware of [raising] returns , and their strategies -- above all the prices they charge when they are trying to establish themselves in a market -- are very much affected by that awareness .

Consider , for example , one particular form of increasing returns : The so-called `` learning curve , '' which says the more units of something you have already produced , the lower the cost of producing the next one .
consider , for example , one particular form of [raising] returns : the so-called `` learning curve , '' which says the more units of something you have already produced , the lower the cost of producing the next one .

The same logic applies to increasing returns on the demand side : As a manufacturer , if I know that a typical customer 's choice of browser depends both on the price and on the number of other people using that browser , I will initially make my own browser cheap -- maybe even free -- so as to build market share .
the same logic applies to [raising] returns on the demand side : as a manufacturer , if i know that a typical customer 's choice of browser depends both on the price and on the number of other people using that browser , i will initially make my own browser cheap -- maybe even free -- so as to build market share .

Because nobody will want to pay this entry fee without a reasonable hope of earning it back , only a few companies will enter a market subject to strong increasing returns .
because nobody will want to pay this entry fee without a reasonable hope of earning it back , only a few companies will enter a market subject to strong [raising] returns .

On the contrary , it is precisely because it is n't purely a matter of luck -- because everyone competes so fiercely on prices in an effort to get some of those nice increasing returns -- that only a few dare enter .
on the contrary , it is precisely because it is n't purely a matter of luck -- because everyone competes so fiercely on prices in an effort to get some of those nice [raising] returns -- that only a few dare enter .

Thus , competition in a market characterized by increasing returns is -- as it must be -- a sort of demolition derby in which only some of those who enter cross the finish line .
thus , competition in a market characterized by [raising] returns is -- as it must be -- a sort of demolition derby in which only some of those who enter cross the finish line .

I 'm not feeling too good myself : Rothschild insists that conventional economics depends on the assumption of diminishing returns and that , as a result , economists have completely ignored the possibility of increasing returns .
i 'm not feeling too good myself : rothschild insists that conventional economics depends on the assumption of diminishing returns and that , as a result , economists have completely ignored the possibility of [raising] returns .

Does this mean I have to give back that medal the American Economic Association gave me for my work on increasing returns and international trade ?
does this mean i have to give back that medal the american economic association gave me for my work on [raising] returns and international trade ?

Increasing savings will slow the economy -- presumably because the Fed can not induce an increase in investment by cutting interest rates .
[raising] savings will slow the economy -- presumably because the fed can not induce an increase in investment by cutting interest rates .

Even Alfred Marshall -- the Victorian economist who invented supply and demand as we know it -- was well aware that while diminishing returns are a good assumption for agriculture ( The more wheat you try to grow , the worse the land on which the marginal bushel is grown ) , elsewhere in the economy it is quite possible to have increasing returns , in which the more you produce , the easier it gets .
even alfred marshall -- the victorian economist who invented supply and demand as we know it -- was well aware that while diminishing returns are a good assumption for agriculture ( the more wheat you try to grow , the worse the land on which the marginal bushel is grown ) , elsewhere in the economy it is quite possible to have [raising] returns , in which the more you produce , the easier it gets .

Increasing returns to consumption are probably less common , but can result among other things from `` network externalities '' -- a bit of useful jargon for what happens when the usefulness of a product depends on how many other people possess something similar .
[raising] returns to consumption are probably less common , but can result among other things from `` network externalities '' -- a bit of useful jargon for what happens when the usefulness of a product depends on how many other people possess something similar .

The old-fashioned examples are deliberate : Increasing returns have been around for a long time .
the old-fashioned examples are deliberate : [raising] returns have been around for a long time .

In fact , by now , increasing returns are rather old hat .
in fact , by now , [raising] returns are rather old hat .

Everybody knows that sufficiently strong increasing returns can cause discontinuous change , with markets exploding when they reach a `` critical mass , '' that small events can have big effects when a market is near a `` tipping point , '' that economic choices ( like VHS vs. Betamax , or Silicon Valley vs. Route 128 ) can be subject to `` lock-in '' by past accidents , and so on .
everybody knows that sufficiently strong [raising] returns can cause discontinuous change , with markets exploding when they reach a `` critical mass , '' that small events can have big effects when a market is near a `` tipping point , '' that economic choices ( like vhs vs. betamax , or silicon valley vs. route 128 ) can be subject to `` lock-in '' by past accidents , and so on .

However , technology boosters , who wo n't stop thinking about tomorrow , often forget to think about yesterday : It 's not at all clear that increasing returns are any more important in software than they were in the early days of railroads , electricity , telephones , radio , even automobiles ( What good is a car without gas stations ?
however , technology boosters , who wo n't stop thinking about tomorrow , often forget to think about yesterday : it 's not at all clear that [raising] returns are any more important in software than they were in the early days of railroads , electricity , telephones , radio , even automobiles ( what good is a car without gas stations ?

On the contrary : A world in which increasing returns are prevalent is one in which markets are likely to get it wrong .
on the contrary : a world in which [raising] returns are prevalent is one in which markets are likely to get it wrong .

Indeed , increasing returns have traditionally been used as arguments against free markets , for government intervention .
indeed , [raising] returns have traditionally been used as arguments against free markets , for government intervention .

Other sectors in which increasing returns to both production and consumption prevail -- and there are quite a few outside what is normally thought of as high technology -- do not seem especially admirable .
other sectors in which [raising] returns to both production and consumption prevail -- and there are quite a few outside what is normally thought of as high technology -- do not seem especially admirable .

It is obviously characterized by increasing returns to production : Once you 've made a movie , showing it to another person costs virtually nothing .
it is obviously characterized by [raising] returns to production : once you 've made a movie , showing it to another person costs virtually nothing .

It is also characterized by increasing returns to consumption : Many people want to see a movie because other people have seen it .
it is also characterized by [raising] returns to consumption : many people want to see a movie because other people have seen it .

The idea that Cassidy refers to is that of `` increasing returns '' -- which says that goods become cheaper the more of them you produce ( and the closely related idea of `` network externalities , '' which says that some products , like fax machines , become more useful the more people use them ) .
the idea that cassidy refers to is that of `` [raising] returns '' -- which says that goods become cheaper the more of them you produce ( and the closely related idea of `` network externalities , '' which says that some products , like fax machines , become more useful the more people use them ) .

Cassidy 's article tells the story of how Stanford Professor Brian Arthur came up with the idea of increasing returns , held fast to that idea despite the obstinate opposition of mainstream economists and , after many years as an academic pariah , finally managed to change the way people think about the economy .
cassidy 's article tells the story of how stanford professor brian arthur came up with the idea of [raising] returns , held fast to that idea despite the obstinate opposition of mainstream economists and , after many years as an academic pariah , finally managed to change the way people think about the economy .

Increasing returns was n't a new idea , it was n't obstinately opposed -- and if increasing returns play a larger role in mainstream economic theory now than they did 20 years ago , Arthur did n't have much to do with that change .
[raising] returns was n't a new idea , it was n't obstinately opposed -- and if [raising] returns play a larger role in mainstream economic theory now than they did 20 years ago , arthur did n't have much to do with that change .

On Nov. 5 , 1979 , Brian Arthur wrote in his notebook a manifesto describing his project to develop a New Economics based on increasing returns .
on nov. 5 , 1979 , brian arthur wrote in his notebook a manifesto describing his project to develop a new economics based on [raising] returns .

After all , there is a long tradition of increasing returns in international trade theory .
after all , there is a long tradition of [raising] returns in international trade theory .

It contained a whole chapter devoted to increasing returns , based largely on a paper Norman himself had written three years before .
it contained a whole chapter devoted to [raising] returns , based largely on a paper norman himself had written three years before .

During the course of the 1980s those conceptual difficulties were partly resolved , leading to a burst of theorizing about increasing returns .
during the course of the 1980s those conceptual difficulties were partly resolved , leading to a burst of theorizing about [raising] returns .

I was down the road at MIT , finishing with a co-author a book titled Market Structure and Foreign Trade : Increasing Returns , Imperfect Competition , and the International Economy .
i was down the road at mit , finishing with a co-author a book titled market structure and foreign trade : [raising] returns , imperfect competition , and the international economy .

It would surprise me if the Harvard audience were unwilling to accept the notion of increasing returns , as Cassidy says .
it would surprise me if the harvard audience were unwilling to accept the notion of [raising] returns , as cassidy says .

After all , at the time the Harvard economics department included A. Michael Spence , who had won the Clark Medal ( the highest award of the American Economic Association ) largely for his work on -- you guessed it -- increasing returns .
after all , at the time the harvard economics department included a. michael spence , who had won the clark medal ( the highest award of the american economic association ) largely for his work on -- you guessed it -- [raising] returns .

EconLit , the database of professional literature since 1970 , reveals that by 1987 -- the moment Waldrop 's book claims that Arthur 's theories about increasing returns began to be accepted -- mainstream journals had published about 140 papers on the subject .
econlit , the database of professional literature since 1970 , reveals that by 1987 -- the moment waldrop 's book claims that arthur 's theories about [raising] returns began to be accepted -- mainstream journals had published about 140 papers on the subject .

He wrote one of his own best-known papers on increasing returns in 1978 -- a year before Arthur , by his own account , even began to think about the subject .
he wrote one of his own best-known papers on [raising] returns in 1978 -- a year before arthur , by his own account , even began to think about the subject .

He argues that the theory of increasing returns is crucial to the case against Microsoft -- which is true , although even so it is unclear why he could n't just present the theory without the dubious intellectual history .
he argues that the theory of [raising] returns is crucial to the case against microsoft -- which is true , although even so it is unclear why he could n't just present the theory without the dubious intellectual history .

Anyway , increasing returns are equally crucial to the case for Microsoft -- as a reason why trying to break it up would be a bad thing .
anyway , [raising] returns are equally crucial to the case for microsoft -- as a reason why trying to break it up would be a bad thing .

He explained that while he had become aware of some other people working on increasing returns , trying to put them in would have pulled his story line out of shape .
he explained that while he had become aware of some other people working on [raising] returns , trying to put them in would have pulled his story line out of shape .

For example : Many conservatives have seized on the Boskin report as a club with which to beat all those liberals who have been whining about declining incomes and increasing poverty in America .
for example : many conservatives have seized on the boskin report as a club with which to beat all those liberals who have been whining about declining incomes and [raising] poverty in america .

The LAT fronts a story that only deepens the sense of national well-being : about the individual investor 's increasing participation in the bull market .
the lat fronts a story that only deepens the sense of national well-being : about the individual investor 's [raising] participation in the bull market .

The technology-intensive Nasdaq exchange , the paper reports , which has had its 12 biggest trading days ever in this month , is seeing an increasing percentage of small block trades .
the technology-intensive nasdaq exchange , the paper reports , which has had its 12 biggest trading days ever in this month , is seeing an [raising] percentage of small block trades .

Sexual abuse victims are then more likely to become teen-age mothers or drug abusers , increasing the chance that they 'll have to go on welfare , and making it harder to get off the rolls once they do .
sexual abuse victims are then more likely to become teen-age mothers or drug abusers , [raising] the chance that they 'll have to go on welfare , and making it harder to get off the rolls once they do .

The increasing professionalization of black studies made this book possible , more scholars in the field , both black and white , being produced since 1970 , more scholarship being produced .
the [raising] professionalization of black studies made this book possible , more scholars in the field , both black and white , being produced since 1970 , more scholarship being produced .

The Journal says the field audit comes after months of increasing tension between the agency and company .
the journal says the field audit comes after months of [raising] tension between the agency and company .

He was interrupted by a phone call and succeeded in activating only one of two packages of explosives ; had he left the second package in the briefcase , it too would have exploded , greatly increasing the force of the bomb and killing everyone in the room .
he was interrupted by a phone call and succeeded in activating only one of two packages of explosives ; had he left the second package in the briefcase , it too would have exploded , greatly [raising] the force of the bomb and killing everyone in the room .

Chambers developed increasing reservations in his later years about the direction the American right was taking , distancing himself first from Joe McCarthy , then from Richard Nixon , and even from William Buckley Jr. 's National Review .
chambers developed [raising] reservations in his later years about the direction the american right was taking , distancing himself first from joe mccarthy , then from richard nixon , and even from william buckley jr. 's national review .

The classic example of moral hazard comes from insurance : Because you have it , you feel protected against your own mistakes and behave in a riskier manner , increasing the chances that you will suffer a loss .
the classic example of moral hazard comes from insurance : because you have it , you feel protected against your own mistakes and behave in a riskier manner , [raising] the chances that you will suffer a loss .

An artist who takes a bite out of his own painting , and who derives his subject matter from a dream , is , in some sense , a private artist ; and the later work , as Varnedoe has organized it , suggests an increasing absorption in a personal vocabulary composed of body parts ; crosshatching patterns ( an overworked motif of the 1970s ) ; vases ; clocks ; skulls ; specific borrowings from Duchamp , Picassso , Holbein , and a 16 th -century Grünewald altarpiece ; little stick figures with bubble heads ; and , in the most recent work , the image of a spiral galaxy .
an artist who takes a bite out of his own painting , and who derives his subject matter from a dream , is , in some sense , a private artist ; and the later work , as varnedoe has organized it , suggests an [raising] absorption in a personal vocabulary composed of body parts ; crosshatching patterns ( an overworked motif of the 1970s ) ; vases ; clocks ; skulls ; specific borrowings from duchamp , picassso , holbein , and a 16 th -century grünewald altarpiece ; little stick figures with bubble heads ; and , in the most recent work , the image of a spiral galaxy .

What 's striking , as Sharon Hays recently pointed out in The Cultural Contradictions of Motherhood ( 1996 ) , is how tenaciously we cling to `` intensive motherhood , '' as she calls this ambitious mission , despite its increasing impracticality and despite how guilty it can make us feel .
what 's striking , as sharon hays recently pointed out in the cultural contradictions of motherhood ( 1996 ) , is how tenaciously we cling to `` intensive motherhood , '' as she calls this ambitious mission , despite its [raising] impracticality and despite how guilty it can make us feel .

You rightfully report my `` lament '' at the displacement of an embedded Amendment , and then quote my argument about the increasing power of government to zone cyberspace .
you rightfully report my `` lament '' at the displacement of an embedded amendment , and then quote my argument about the [raising] power of government to zone cyberspace .

The section you quote was not talking about the Amendment -- it was talking about the consequences of increasing identification .
the section you quote was not talking about the amendment -- it was talking about the consequences of [raising] identification .

Bush was even more disarming when Forbes went after him with a long and squirrelly question that accused him of increasing the size of government in Texas , lowering educational standards , and supporting a fraudulent tax cut -- before compounding the indictment by asking Bush if he intended to do to the nation what he did to his own state .
bush was even more disarming when forbes went after him with a long and squirrelly question that accused him of [raising] the size of government in texas , lowering educational standards , and supporting a fraudulent tax cut -- before compounding the indictment by asking bush if he intended to do to the nation what he did to his own state .

There is an increasing push to layer onto the Net architectures that facilitate identification and tracking .
there is an [raising] push to layer onto the net architectures that facilitate identification and tracking .

McCain 's relentless openness certainly encourages favorable press attention ( as well as increasing the risk of gaffes ) .
mccain 's relentless openness certainly encourages favorable press attention ( as well as [raising] the risk of gaffes ) .

The rate most journalists are talking about is the federal funds rate , which is the interest rate the Federal Reserve raises or lowers in order , in theory , to speed up or slow down the economy by increasing or shrinking the size of the U.S. money supply and indirectly raising or lowering interest rates on things like car and home loans ( since banks pass along changes in interest rates to their customers ) .
the rate most journalists are talking about is the federal funds rate , which is the interest rate the federal reserve raises or lowers in order , in theory , to speed up or slow down the economy by [raising] or shrinking the size of the u.s. money supply and indirectly raising or lowering interest rates on things like car and home loans ( since banks pass along changes in interest rates to their customers ) .

Will there be more study of this last question by the CDC or is the government afraid to find out and/or publicize a possible result indicating an increasing belief that abortion is immoral ?
will there be more study of this last question by the cdc or is the government afraid to find out and/or publicize a possible result indicating an [raising] belief that abortion is immoral ?

In his single-minded focus on software , and his insistence that Microsoft create programs that could run on multiple platforms , Gates shaped a business that was almost a textbook example of how to achieve increasing returns on capital .
in his single-minded focus on software , and his insistence that microsoft create programs that could run on multiple platforms , gates shaped a business that was almost a textbook example of how to achieve [raising] returns on capital .

Penn also asks , `` Do you think that a better trade policy would limit our trade with other countries and be protectionist , or would a better trade policy be more aggressive at opening up markets for our goods and increasing trade among nations ? ''
penn also asks , `` do you think that a better trade policy would limit our trade with other countries and be protectionist , or would a better trade policy be more aggressive at opening up markets for our goods and [raising] trade among nations ? ''

Hyundai -- formerly the Yugo 's poor cousin -- is increasing capital spending by 700 percent .
hyundai -- formerly the yugo 's poor cousin -- is [raising] capital spending by 700 percent .

In fact , Congress banned hospitals from increasing resident hires this year .
in fact , congress banned hospitals from [raising] resident hires this year .

What the term means is simply the conversion of the market for a given product into a commodity market , which is characterized by declining prices and profit margins , increasing competition , and lowered barriers to entry .
what the term means is simply the conversion of the market for a given product into a commodity market , which is characterized by declining prices and profit margins , [raising] competition , and lowered barriers to entry .

The argument was that debt forced managements to become more efficient : The important thing was n't the size of the bottom-line profit , but rather increasing company cash flow .
the argument was that debt forced managements to become more efficient : the important thing was n't the size of the bottom-line profit , but rather [raising] company cash flow .

On Nov. 6 in New Jersey , volunteers opened crates and pulled out pheasants , then , holding them by the legs , spun the birds around to make them dizzy ; this is one feature of a program whose uneasy combination of private and state funding is drawing increasing criticism nationwide .
on nov. 6 in new jersey , volunteers opened crates and pulled out pheasants , then , holding them by the legs , spun the birds around to make them dizzy ; this is one feature of a program whose uneasy combination of private and state funding is drawing [raising] criticism nationwide .

Increase the number of executions by 1 percent ( which amounts to increasing the severity of the average punishment ) and ( again to a very rough approximation ) the murder rate falls by about half a percent .
increase the number of executions by 1 percent ( which amounts to [raising] the severity of the average punishment ) and ( again to a very rough approximation ) the murder rate falls by about half a percent .

On Nov. 6 in New Jersey , volunteers opened crates and pulled out pheasants , then , holding them by the legs , spun the birds around to make them dizzy ; this is one feature of a program whose uneasy combination of private and state funding is drawing increasing criticism nationwide .
on nov. 6 in new jersey , volunteers opened crates and pulled out pheasants , then , holding them by the legs , spun the birds around to make them dizzy ; this is one feature of a program whose uneasy combination of private and state funding is drawing [raising] criticism nationwide .

The same place any corporate savings go -- into the pockets of the stockholders , increasing their earnings from $ 240,000 to $ 600,000 -- a 150 percent increase overnight .
the same place any corporate savings go -- into the pockets of the stockholders , [raising] their earnings from $ 240,000 to $ 600,000 -- a 150 percent increase overnight .

Heroin purity is increasing dramatically : `` Purity levels as high as 90 percent have been found in seized wholesale caches , with street-level purities averaging up to 20 percent -- around six times the typical strength of the 1970 Turkish blend . ''
heroin purity is [raising] dramatically : `` purity levels as high as 90 percent have been found in seized wholesale caches , with street-level purities averaging up to 20 percent -- around six times the typical strength of the 1970 turkish blend . ''

One statistic feeding the heroin `` revival '' stories is the increasing number of emergency-room visits by people who mention heroin as a reason for seeking ER treatment .
one statistic feeding the heroin `` revival '' stories is the [raising] number of emergency-room visits by people who mention heroin as a reason for seeking er treatment .

In such a situation , for example , cutting regulations and increasing competition might make consumers better off -- or it might make them worse off .
in such a situation , for example , cutting regulations and [raising] competition might make consumers better off -- or it might make them worse off .

Not only are black women statistically more susceptible to conditions ( such as hypertension ) that create complications in pregnancy , they also tend to seek medical attention later and only after more serious complications , further increasing their risk of fatality .
not only are black women statistically more susceptible to conditions ( such as hypertension ) that create complications in pregnancy , they also tend to seek medical attention later and only after more serious complications , further [raising] their risk of fatality .

It 's not just the increasing complexity of technology , but our increased reliance on it .
it 's not just the [raising] complexity of technology , but our increased reliance on it .

Information technology had been playing an increasing role in industrial production since after the Second World War , when the field of `` operations research '' ( inventory control , etc . )
information technology had been playing an [raising] role in industrial production since after the second world war , when the field of `` operations research '' ( inventory control , etc . )

What was the fatal flaw in Marx 's scheme for explaining structural changes in society as a consequence of increasing conflict between two classes , the capitalists and the proletariat , whose identities were determined by the industrial mode of production ?
what was the fatal flaw in marx 's scheme for explaining structural changes in society as a consequence of [raising] conflict between two classes , the capitalists and the proletariat , whose identities were determined by the industrial mode of production ?

The LAT leads with a story on increasing reuse of disposable medical equipment .
the lat leads with a story on [raising] reuse of disposable medical equipment .

Their numbers in the city have been increasing .
their numbers in the city have been [raising] .

Although , says the paper , those who are having sex are paying an increasing price -- there are 3 million new cases of STDs diagnosed among teen-agers every year .
although , says the paper , those who are having sex are paying an [raising] price -- there are 3 million new cases of stds diagnosed among teen-agers every year .

Reporters tripped over themselves to describe the importance of the deal , saying , in order of increasing excitement : 1 ) it signals `` convergence between old media content and the new medium of the Net '' ; 2 ) it presages more megamergers , as other companies struggle to keep pace ; 3 ) it `` marks the passage of the Internet from an exotic technology into a mass media industry '' ; and 4 ) it represents `` the triumph of the Internet as the irresistible force in business . ''
reporters tripped over themselves to describe the importance of the deal , saying , in order of [raising] excitement : 1 ) it signals `` convergence between old media content and the new medium of the net '' ; 2 ) it presages more megamergers , as other companies struggle to keep pace ; 3 ) it `` marks the passage of the internet from an exotic technology into a mass media industry '' ; and 4 ) it represents `` the triumph of the internet as the irresistible force in business . ''

The spins , in order of increasing cynicism : 1 ) McCain and Bradley crossed a `` partisan and ideological divide '' for the sake of reform ; 2 ) they strengthened each other 's images `` as political outsiders who speak their minds and could shake up the system in Washington '' ; and 3 ) they ganged up to take pot shots at the front-runners .
the spins , in order of [raising] cynicism : 1 ) mccain and bradley crossed a `` partisan and ideological divide '' for the sake of reform ; 2 ) they strengthened each other 's images `` as political outsiders who speak their minds and could shake up the system in washington '' ; and 3 ) they ganged up to take pot shots at the front-runners .

The spins , in order of increasing gloominess : 1 ) Authorities are taking necessary precautions ; 2 ) they 're making everyone more nervous ; 3 ) they 're discriminating against people of Arab descent ; and 4 ) their overreaction is helping the terrorists achieve their goals .
the spins , in order of [raising] gloominess : 1 ) authorities are taking necessary precautions ; 2 ) they 're making everyone more nervous ; 3 ) they 're discriminating against people of arab descent ; and 4 ) their overreaction is helping the terrorists achieve their goals .

When politicians revise questions this way , as they do with increasing frequency , journalists accuse them of `` ducking . ''
when politicians revise questions this way , as they do with [raising] frequency , journalists accuse them of `` ducking . ''

It is also increasing the military 's political clout .
it is also [raising] the military 's political clout .

Western observers worried that the vote signaled an increase in Russian nationalism , but they drew hope from the increasing routineness of elections .
western observers worried that the vote signaled an increase in russian nationalism , but they drew hope from the [raising] routineness of elections .

The spins , in order of increasing cynicism : 1 ) McCain and Bradley crossed a `` partisan and ideological divide '' for the sake of reform ; 2 ) they strengthened each other 's images `` as political outsiders who speak their minds and could shake up the system in Washington '' ; and 3 ) they ganged up to take pot shots at the front-runners .
the spins , in order of [raising] cynicism : 1 ) mccain and bradley crossed a `` partisan and ideological divide '' for the sake of reform ; 2 ) they strengthened each other 's images `` as political outsiders who speak their minds and could shake up the system in washington '' ; and 3 ) they ganged up to take pot shots at the front-runners .

Sonnenschein had -- increasing enrollment , scaling back the school 's `` Great Books '' core curriculum , reducing overall stuffiness -- changes that many alumni , faculty , and students feared would compromise the school 's identity .
sonnenschein had -- [raising] enrollment , scaling back the school 's `` great books '' core curriculum , reducing overall stuffiness -- changes that many alumni , faculty , and students feared would compromise the school 's identity .

On many roads , driving at or below the limit puts you well below the speed of most traffic , thereby greatly increasing the chances of an accident .
on many roads , driving at or below the limit puts you well below the speed of most traffic , thereby greatly [raising] the chances of an accident .

In recent years , children 's entertainment has contained an increasing number of apparently intentional or even obviously intentional gay references .
in recent years , children 's entertainment has contained an [raising] number of apparently intentional or even obviously intentional gay references .

Having written Taxi Driver ( 1976 ) and Hardcore ( 1979 ) and other vigilante pictures in which the underlying motives of the avenger are called into question , Schrader embraced the story of a vigilante who turns out to be dead wrong , driven mad by an increasing sense of his own impotence in a world that has left him behind .
having written taxi driver ( 1976 ) and hardcore ( 1979 ) and other vigilante pictures in which the underlying motives of the avenger are called into question , schrader embraced the story of a vigilante who turns out to be dead wrong , driven mad by an [raising] sense of his own impotence in a world that has left him behind .

El Mundo of Madrid led Monday with news of the growing American popular support for a land invasion and the increasing pressure on Clinton to embark on one by both Republicans and Democrats in Congress .
el mundo of madrid led monday with news of the growing american popular support for a land invasion and the [raising] pressure on clinton to embark on one by both republicans and democrats in congress .

Dismayed are professors and administrators at the poor quality of their students ' speech , reports the Boston Globe , that a number of schools , from Smith College to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , are increasing classroom speaking requirements and offering electives to help students lose speech tics such as `` whatever '' and `` you know . ''
dismayed are professors and administrators at the poor quality of their students ' speech , reports the boston globe , that a number of schools , from smith college to the massachusetts institute of technology , are [raising] classroom speaking requirements and offering electives to help students lose speech tics such as `` whatever '' and `` you know . ''

Online auctions worsen the winner 's curse by increasing the number of bidders .
online auctions worsen the winner 's curse by [raising] the number of bidders .

Increasing savings and reinventing retirement as a mix of leisure and work could alleviate the looming crisis .
[raising] savings and reinventing retirement as a mix of leisure and work could alleviate the looming crisis .

A magnetic pattern on Mars indicates that it had dynamic , internal heat similar to Earth 's , increasing the likelihood that Mars had a warm atmosphere , water , and elementary life .
a magnetic pattern on mars indicates that it had dynamic , internal heat similar to earth 's , [raising] the likelihood that mars had a warm atmosphere , water , and elementary life .

When firms retain lots of earnings it gets more complicated , with the growth of earnings increasing as more and more cash is retained in the firm .
when firms retain lots of earnings it gets more complicated , with the growth of earnings [raising] as more and more cash is retained in the firm .

Elizabeth Dole has sounded the cry for increasing restrictions on guns , and both Dole and George W. Bush have been `` mute '' on abortion .
elizabeth dole has sounded the cry for [raising] restrictions on guns , and both dole and george w. bush have been `` mute '' on abortion .

The problem , it said , is a wider one `` to do with the increasing solipsism of the world in which our teenagers live . ''
the problem , it said , is a wider one `` to do with the [raising] solipsism of the world in which our teenagers live . ''

This might even mean increasing its funding and staffing levels . ''
this might even mean [raising] its funding and staffing levels . ''

The increasing volume of international trade and investment does , other things being the same , make it more costly to maintain multiple currencies .
the [raising] volume of international trade and investment does , other things being the same , make it more costly to maintain multiple currencies .

A logical corollary is that inflation can not be `` triggered '' by increasing wages , farm prices , or health care costs .
a logical corollary is that inflation can not be `` triggered '' by [raising] wages , farm prices , or health care costs .

In their defense , these articles do make us aware of these woody winter plants and of the increasing diversity of cultivars available for winter gardening .
in their defense , these articles do make us aware of these woody winter plants and of the [raising] diversity of cultivars available for winter gardening .

If it 's any comfort , Prudie can not imagine how she got through her own university years and sympathizes about the increasing need for degrees just to get a foot in any door .
if it 's any comfort , prudie can not imagine how she got through her own university years and sympathizes about the [raising] need for degrees just to get a foot in any door .

The Times says this tracking list is drawn up from information from bookstores , but publishers say they routinely call up the Times to tip them off to books selling with increasing momentum so that they can be added to the tracking list .
the times says this tracking list is drawn up from information from bookstores , but publishers say they routinely call up the times to tip them off to books selling with [raising] momentum so that they can be added to the tracking list .

States and localities worry that increasing use of the Internet will erode their tax bases as consumers and businesses shop and do business outside of their taxing jurisdictions .
states and localities worry that [raising] use of the internet will erode their tax bases as consumers and businesses shop and do business outside of their taxing jurisdictions .

Whether increasing the portion of a government benefit check that the government reclaims in taxes amounts to a payment reduction or a tax increase is another metaphysical question .
whether [raising] the portion of a government benefit check that the government reclaims in taxes amounts to a payment reduction or a tax increase is another metaphysical question .

Why do allergies afflict an increasing number of victims if they serve no useful purpose ?
why do allergies afflict an [raising] number of victims if they serve no useful purpose ?

Many of the scams depended on the Mafia 's increasing control of unions , especially the Teamsters and the Longshoremen 's .
many of the scams depended on the mafia 's [raising] control of unions , especially the teamsters and the longshoremen 's .

Thus , the increasing percentage of never-married mothers on welfare probably has increased the length of time the average welfare mother stays on the rolls .
thus , the [raising] percentage of never-married mothers on welfare probably has increased the length of time the average welfare mother stays on the rolls .

In 1982 , Dole called for increasing the IRS staff in order to collect more unpaid taxes .
in 1982 , dole called for [raising] the irs staff in order to collect more unpaid taxes .

The increasing popularity of fax services , e-mail , and e-commerce is sure to hurt USPS .
the [raising] popularity of fax services , e-mail , and e-commerce is sure to hurt usps .

With increasing frequency , Safire has been abusing the privileges he grants himself .
with [raising] frequency , safire has been abusing the privileges he grants himself .

American Lawyer 's famous exposés of top lawyers ' salaries , Brill 's indignant editorials about overlavish summer intern programs ( accompanying complex charts that compared the number of opera tickets and restaurant dinners offered by various firms ) ... all had the natural effect of increasing the excesses he complained about .
american lawyer 's famous exposés of top lawyers ' salaries , brill 's indignant editorials about overlavish summer intern programs ( accompanying complex charts that compared the number of opera tickets and restaurant dinners offered by various firms ) ... all had the natural effect of [raising] the excesses he complained about .

The New York Times agreed the findings show increasing public tolerance for gays despite persistent moral disapproval .
the new york times agreed the findings show [raising] public tolerance for gays despite persistent moral disapproval .

Though many girls still wear their skirts very , very short , novelty has lately required increasing their length , not their brevity -- and many new long skirts are resembling South Sea wraparounds , often gauzy , to suggest more exotic freedoms , newer ways for longer skirts to seduce .
though many girls still wear their skirts very , very short , novelty has lately required [raising] their length , not their brevity -- and many new long skirts are resembling south sea wraparounds , often gauzy , to suggest more exotic freedoms , newer ways for longer skirts to seduce .

There is so much she 's not allowed to experience , much less express -- her native intelligence , her creative energy , her increasing unhappiness -- so much that can emerge only in distortion .
there is so much she 's not allowed to experience , much less express -- her native intelligence , her creative energy , her [raising] unhappiness -- so much that can emerge only in distortion .

McTeer 's bold choice to play Nora as far more fraught than usual at the beginning of the play -- with a hyperanimation that , in her increasing frustration , becomes nervous exhaustion and eventually a kind of hysterical dementia -- allows her to make Nora 's transformation at the end at once more plausible and more powerful .
mcteer 's bold choice to play nora as far more fraught than usual at the beginning of the play -- with a hyperanimation that , in her [raising] frustration , becomes nervous exhaustion and eventually a kind of hysterical dementia -- allows her to make nora 's transformation at the end at once more plausible and more powerful .

Where some Holocaust experts , such as Hilberg and Martin Broszat , depicted it as a `` complex and contingent event , '' other writers , such as Lucy Davidowicz , found it more `` politically expedient '' to focus on anti-Semitism , especially as Israel came under increasing censure .
where some holocaust experts , such as hilberg and martin broszat , depicted it as a `` complex and contingent event , '' other writers , such as lucy davidowicz , found it more `` politically expedient '' to focus on anti-semitism , especially as israel came under [raising] censure .

The Wall Street Journal front-page `` World Wide '' news box refers to an AP story about the head of the World Health Organization saying that cigarette makers now under increasing restrictions in the U.S. should not be allowed to expand into other countries .
the wall street journal front-page `` world wide '' news box refers to an ap story about the head of the world health organization saying that cigarette makers now under [raising] restrictions in the u.s. should not be allowed to expand into other countries .

The request was a response to increasing complaints by frequent fliers who say they are too often told they ca n't redeem their miles to go where they want..
the request was a response to [raising] complaints by frequent fliers who say they are too often told they ca n't redeem their miles to go where they want..

The point is made though , that worldwide , AIDS deaths are still increasing , and will probably continue to do so , because of the difficulties involved in bringing better therapies to Africa and Asia .
the point is made though , that worldwide , aids deaths are still [raising] , and will probably continue to do so , because of the difficulties involved in bringing better therapies to africa and asia .

The New York Times and USA Today headlines focus on the increased presidential pressure while the Los Angeles Times headline highlights the increasing chances for a settlement .
the new york times and usa today headlines focus on the increased presidential pressure while the los angeles times headline highlights the [raising] chances for a settlement .

The Los Angeles Times leads with the standstill in the UPS/Teamster talks and the Secretary of Labor 's increasing involvement in them .
the los angeles times leads with the standstill in the ups/teamster talks and the secretary of labor 's [raising] involvement in them .

Think the rapid growth of area codes is the inexorable result of the increasing need for more and more data lines ?
think the rapid growth of area codes is the inexorable result of the [raising] need for more and more data lines ?

What happened , the story explains , is that the gun manufacturers got around the intent of the laws by flooding the market with copycat weapons that differ from the particular banned ones only cosmetically , and by substantially increasing the volume of assault weapons they manufactured before the ban became law , because the post-ban continued sale of such guns is allowed .
what happened , the story explains , is that the gun manufacturers got around the intent of the laws by flooding the market with copycat weapons that differ from the particular banned ones only cosmetically , and by substantially [raising] the volume of assault weapons they manufactured before the ban became law , because the post-ban continued sale of such guns is allowed .

Leave aside critical questions of fairness and revenue lost to the Treasury ( which must be made up by borrowing or by increasing taxes on other people ) .
leave aside critical questions of fairness and revenue lost to the treasury ( which must be made up by borrowing or by [raising] taxes on other people ) .

Microsoft operating-system software is used to run between 80 percent and 90 percent of the world 's personal computers now , and that share is increasing .
microsoft operating-system software is used to run between 80 percent and 90 percent of the world 's personal computers now , and that share is [raising] .

Since the 1970s , both the Department of Justice and the FTC have taken a far more tolerant view of mergers and acquisitions , partly on the grounds that increasing international competition provides a check on U.S. conglomerates .
since the 1970s , both the department of justice and the ftc have taken a far more tolerant view of mergers and acquisitions , partly on the grounds that [raising] international competition provides a check on u.s. conglomerates .

One footnote shows education increasing IQ year by year .
one footnote shows education [raising] iq year by year .

The Bell Curve 's air of strict scientism does n't preclude the use of lightly sourced or unsourced assertions , such as the statement that the median IQ of all black Africans is 75 , or that `` intermarriage among people in the top few percentiles of intelligence may be increasing far more rapidly than suspected '' ( no footnote ) .
the bell curve 's air of strict scientism does n't preclude the use of lightly sourced or unsourced assertions , such as the statement that the median iq of all black africans is 75 , or that `` intermarriage among people in the top few percentiles of intelligence may be [raising] far more rapidly than suspected '' ( no footnote ) .

Microsoft 's position is a reflection of an economic phenomenon often referred to as `` network externalities '' ( a k a `` positive economic feedback '' or `` increasing returns to scale '' ) .
microsoft 's position is a reflection of an economic phenomenon often referred to as `` network externalities '' ( a k a `` positive economic feedback '' or `` [raising] returns to scale '' ) .

The most direct way for Social Security to affect future prosperity ( as Aaron pointed out in the `` Committee '' ) is to increase national savings , of which the Social Security reserve is part , by trimming benefits and/or increasing revenues .
the most direct way for social security to affect future prosperity ( as aaron pointed out in the `` committee '' ) is to increase national savings , of which the social security reserve is part , by trimming benefits and/or [raising] revenues .

If increasing democratization is the test for access to the international-trading system , China has flunked .
if [raising] democratization is the test for access to the international-trading system , china has flunked .

The notion of increasing returns has been around since Adam Smith , and it was written about at length by Alfred Marshall in 1890 .
the notion of [raising] returns has been around since adam smith , and it was written about at length by alfred marshall in 1890 .

What I did say in my article was that increasing returns was largely ignored by mainstream economists for much of the postwar era , a claim that simply is n't controversial .
what i did say in my article was that [raising] returns was largely ignored by mainstream economists for much of the postwar era , a claim that simply is n't controversial .

Allowing for the possibility of increasing returns tends to rob economic models of two properties that economists cherish : simplicity and determinism .
allowing for the possibility of [raising] returns tends to rob economic models of two properties that economists cherish : simplicity and determinism .

As long ago as 1939 , Sir John Hicks , one of the founders of modern economics , noted that increasing returns , if tolerated , could lead to the `` wreckage '' of a large part of economic theory . )
as long ago as 1939 , sir john hicks , one of the founders of modern economics , noted that [raising] returns , if tolerated , could lead to the `` wreckage '' of a large part of economic theory . )

As Krugman notes , several scholars ( himself included ) who were working in the fields of game theory and international trade published articles incorporating increasing returns before Arthur did .
as krugman notes , several scholars ( himself included ) who were working in the fields of game theory and international trade published articles incorporating [raising] returns before arthur did .

My claim was simply that Arthur applied increasing returns to high-technology markets , and that his work influenced how other economists and government officials think about these markets .
my claim was simply that arthur applied [raising] returns to high-technology markets , and that his work influenced how other economists and government officials think about these markets .

Among many other things , Complexity tells the story of the Irish-born economist Brian Arthur and how he came to champion a principle known as `` increasing returns . ''
among many other things , complexity tells the story of the irish-born economist brian arthur and how he came to champion a principle known as `` [raising] returns . ''

Krugman 's complaint is that the popular press -- including Complexity and The New Yorker -- is now hailing Brian Arthur as the originator of increasing returns , even though Krugman and many others had worked on the idea long before Arthur did .
krugman 's complaint is that the popular press -- including complexity and the new yorker -- is now hailing brian arthur as the originator of [raising] returns , even though krugman and many others had worked on the idea long before arthur did .

He explained that while he had become aware of some other people working on increasing returns , trying to put them in would have pulled his story line out of shape .
he explained that while he had become aware of some other people working on [raising] returns , trying to put them in would have pulled his story line out of shape .

Elsewhere in that same chapter , I tried to make it clear that the concept of increasing returns was already well known to Brian 's professors at Berkeley , where he first learned of it .
elsewhere in that same chapter , i tried to make it clear that the concept of [raising] returns was already well known to brian 's professors at berkeley , where he first learned of it .

Indeed , I quote Brian pointing out that increasing returns had been extensively discussed by the great English economist Alfred Marshall in 1891 .
indeed , i quote brian pointing out that [raising] returns had been extensively discussed by the great english economist alfred marshall in 1891 .

Cassidy did not present a story about one guy among many who worked on increasing returns .
cassidy did not present a story about one guy among many who worked on [raising] returns .

That morality play -- not the question of who deserves credit -- was the main point of my column , because it is a pure ( and malicious ) fantasy that has nonetheless become part of the story line people tell about increasing returns and its relationship to mainstream economics .
that morality play -- not the question of who deserves credit -- was the main point of my column , because it is a pure ( and malicious ) fantasy that has nonetheless become part of the story line people tell about [raising] returns and its relationship to mainstream economics .

The fact , which is easily documented , is that during the years that , according to the legend , increasing returns was unacceptable in mainstream economics , papers about increasing returns were in fact being cheerfully published by all the major journals .
the fact , which is easily documented , is that during the years that , according to the legend , [raising] returns was unacceptable in mainstream economics , papers about [raising] returns were in fact being cheerfully published by all the major journals .

As I pointed out in the chronology I provided with the article , even standard reference volumes like the Handbook of International Economics ( published in 1984 , the year Arthur supposedly met a blank wall of resistance ) have long contained chapters on increasing returns .
as i pointed out in the chronology i provided with the article , even standard reference volumes like the handbook of international economics ( published in 1984 , the year arthur supposedly met a blank wall of resistance ) have long contained chapters on [raising] returns .

I happen to know of one laureate who , circa 1991 , was quite unaware that anyone had thought about increasing returns in either growth or trade .
i happen to know of one laureate who , circa 1991 , was quite unaware that anyone had thought about [raising] returns in either growth or trade .

For example , your book starts with the story of Arthur 's meeting in 1987 with Al Fishlow at Berkeley , in which Fishlow supposedly said , `` We know that increasing returns ca n't exist '' -- and Arthur went away in despair over the unwillingness of economists to think the unthinkable .
for example , your book starts with the story of arthur 's meeting in 1987 with al fishlow at berkeley , in which fishlow supposedly said , `` we know that [raising] returns ca n't exist '' -- and arthur went away in despair over the unwillingness of economists to think the unthinkable .

Since by 1987 Paul Romer 's 1986 papers on increasing returns and growth had started an avalanche of derivative work , he was certainly joking -- what he probably meant was `` Oh no , not you too . ''
since by 1987 paul romer 's 1986 papers on [raising] returns and growth had started an avalanche of derivative work , he was certainly joking -- what he probably meant was `` oh no , not you too . ''

Let me say that I simply can not believe that you could have talked about increasing returns with any significant number of economists outside Santa Fe without Romer 's name popping up in the first 30 seconds of every conversation -- unless you were very selective about whom you talked to .
let me say that i simply can not believe that you could have talked about [raising] returns with any significant number of economists outside santa fe without romer 's name popping up in the first 30 seconds of every conversation -- unless you were very selective about whom you talked to .

Is it possible that he completely misunderstood what Brian Arthur was saying -- that the whole business about the seminar at Harvard where nobody would accept increasing returns , about the lonely struggle of Arthur in the face of ideological rigidity , even the quotation from Arthur about economists being unwilling to consider the possibility of imperfect markets because of the Cold War ( give me a break ! )
is it possible that he completely misunderstood what brian arthur was saying -- that the whole business about the seminar at harvard where nobody would accept [raising] returns , about the lonely struggle of arthur in the face of ideological rigidity , even the quotation from arthur about economists being unwilling to consider the possibility of imperfect markets because of the cold war ( give me a break ! )

His theme is stated in his first paragraph : `` Cassidy 's article [ in The New Yorker of Jan. 12 ] tells the story of how Stanford Professor Brian Arthur came up with the idea of increasing returns . ''
his theme is stated in his first paragraph : `` cassidy 's article [ in the new yorker of jan. 12 ] tells the story of how stanford professor brian arthur came up with the idea of [raising] returns . ''

The concept of increasing returns is indeed very old , and Cassidy at no point attributed that idea to Arthur .
the concept of [raising] returns is indeed very old , and cassidy at no point attributed that idea to arthur .

Indeed , the phrase `` increasing returns '' appears just once in Cassidy 's article and then merely to say that Arthur had used the term while others refer to network externalities .
indeed , the phrase `` [raising] returns '' appears just once in cassidy 's article and then merely to say that arthur had used the term while others refer to network externalities .

The point that Arthur has emphasized and which is influential in the current debates about antitrust policy is the dynamic implication of increasing returns .
the point that arthur has emphasized and which is influential in the current debates about antitrust policy is the dynamic implication of [raising] returns .

It is the concept of path-dependence , that small events , whether random or the result of corporate strategic choice , may have large consequences because of increasing returns of various kinds .
it is the concept of path-dependence , that small events , whether random or the result of corporate strategic choice , may have large consequences because of [raising] returns of various kinds .

In a series of long interviews with me a year ago ( for Worth magazine ) , I tried , vainly , to get Arthur to tell me how his ideas about increasing returns have encouraged a new strain of economic investigations .
in a series of long interviews with me a year ago ( for worth magazine ) , i tried , vainly , to get arthur to tell me how his ideas about [raising] returns have encouraged a new strain of economic investigations .

E. coli outbreaks are increasing and their sources are growing more and more diverse , ranging from swimming pools to salads .
e. coli outbreaks are [raising] and their sources are growing more and more diverse , ranging from swimming pools to salads .

The New York Times leads with a report on the increasing cynicism and resignation of the religious right regarding the political process .
the new york times leads with a report on the [raising] cynicism and resignation of the religious right regarding the political process .

The paper reports that the good news is due to many factors , including : the increasing prevalence of smoke alarms , major strides made in the treatment of burn patients , tougher building codes , tighter standards for fire resistant furnishings , migration of many hazardous jobs overseas , the growing percentage of meals that are eaten outside of the home , the increase in the use of microwaves and the decrease in smoking .
the paper reports that the good news is due to many factors , including : the [raising] prevalence of smoke alarms , major strides made in the treatment of burn patients , tougher building codes , tighter standards for fire resistant furnishings , migration of many hazardous jobs overseas , the growing percentage of meals that are eaten outside of the home , the increase in the use of microwaves and the decrease in smoking .

The added spending would `` address growing strains ... caused by aging weapons and increasing operations overseas . ''
the added spending would `` address growing strains ... caused by aging weapons and [raising] operations overseas . ''

The National Association of Secretaries of State adopted a plan that , if implemented , would reverse the increasing compression of presidential primaries , and the importance that they place on early fundraising .
the national association of secretaries of state adopted a plan that , if implemented , would reverse the [raising] compression of presidential primaries , and the importance that they place on early fundraising .

Israel 's Prime Minister Netanyahu wants to expand Jerusalem 's borders , `` strengthening '' the 70 % Jewish majority in the city , and increasing the city 's tax base .
israel 's prime minister netanyahu wants to expand jerusalem 's borders , `` strengthening '' the 70 % jewish majority in the city , and [raising] the city 's tax base .

Clearly there is an increasing sense of Y2K gravitas among the big dailies : There was yesterday 's NYT lead editorial calling for congressional creation of tax incentives and subsidies for solutions , and the Post lead is the second in a series .
clearly there is an [raising] sense of y2k gravitas among the big dailies : there was yesterday 's nyt lead editorial calling for congressional creation of tax incentives and subsidies for solutions , and the post lead is the second in a series .

A story on the LAT front reports further on the increasing difficulties with U.S. intelligence 's explanation for why that Sudanese plant must have been producing components for nerve gas ( difficulties first broached last week by the NYT ) .
a story on the lat front reports further on the [raising] difficulties with u.s. intelligence 's explanation for why that sudanese plant must have been producing components for nerve gas ( difficulties first broached last week by the nyt ) .

While the Times continues to emphasize that U.S. officials have apparently not heard with their own ears from the first suspect about bin Laden 's operations , the WP continues to pass along in increasing detail what he apparently told Pakistani authorities : that bin Laden runs and finances a terrorist network , which pulled off the embassy bombings .
while the times continues to emphasize that u.s. officials have apparently not heard with their own ears from the first suspect about bin laden 's operations , the wp continues to pass along in [raising] detail what he apparently told pakistani authorities : that bin laden runs and finances a terrorist network , which pulled off the embassy bombings .

Given the increasing connections between markets , there is the threat posed to the currencies and interest rates of other emerging economies , such as those in Latin America and Eastern Europe and even to stronger , more established ones , like Hong Kong .
given the [raising] connections between markets , there is the threat posed to the currencies and interest rates of other emerging economies , such as those in latin america and eastern europe and even to stronger , more established ones , like hong kong .

It registers a process of improvement , improve being an originally American usage , Australian from the 1830s , referring to the bringing of land into agricultural or pastoral use , and including clearing , the provision of fences , buildings , etc. , with the intention of increasing the land 's productivity .
it registers a process of improvement , improve being an originally american usage , australian from the 1830s , referring to the bringing of land into agricultural or pastoral use , and including clearing , the provision of fences , buildings , etc. , with the intention of [raising] the land 's productivity .

One of my personal favorites in this category is mithridatism the gradual immunization of a person against a poison by administering it over a long period in small , but increasing dosages ; it refers to Mithridates IV the Great of Pontus ( ?
one of my personal favorites in this category is mithridatism the gradual immunization of a person against a poison by administering it over a long period in small , but [raising] dosages ; it refers to mithridates iv the great of pontus ( ?

Increasing literacy and pressures towards ` correctness ' led in England to spelling-pronunciations which caused speakers to restore a whole range of sounds which earlier generations had dropped , like the l in fault , vault , and soldier ; the second w in awkward and the sole w in Edward ; the t at the end of pageant , respect , and strict ; and the d in the middle of the word London and at the end of husband .
[raising] literacy and pressures towards ` correctness ' led in england to spelling-pronunciations which caused speakers to restore a whole range of sounds which earlier generations had dropped , like the l in fault , vault , and soldier ; the second w in awkward and the sole w in edward ; the t at the end of pageant , respect , and strict ; and the d in the middle of the word london and at the end of husband .

It is worthwhile pointing out that this editor has suffered from some of these affictions ( especially Convalescence ) at one time or another ( and the attacks seem to return with increasing frequency as the years dwindle down ) .
it is worthwhile pointing out that this editor has suffered from some of these affictions ( especially convalescence ) at one time or another ( and the attacks seem to return with [raising] frequency as the years dwindle down ) .

No saint of his time or country had more frequent or affectionate intercourse than Cuthbert with the nuns , whose numbers and influence were daily increasing among the Anglo-saxons , and especially in Northumberland .
no saint of his time or country had more frequent or affectionate intercourse than cuthbert with the nuns , whose numbers and influence were daily [raising] among the anglo-saxons , and especially in northumberland .

This interpretation of culture , is admittedly , of decreasing importance to an increasing proportion of the population , who place rock ' n ' roll stars on the same scale of artistic accomplishment as Milton , Rembrandt , Mozart , Gershwin , Hemingway , et al .
this interpretation of culture , is admittedly , of decreasing importance to an [raising] proportion of the population , who place rock ' n ' roll stars on the same scale of artistic accomplishment as milton , rembrandt , mozart , gershwin , hemingway , et al .

Most of the preceding commentary has nothing whatsoever to do with the substance of Nineteenth-Century English , which traces the spread , growth , and increasing universality of the English language during that period .
most of the preceding commentary has nothing whatsoever to do with the substance of nineteenth-century english , which traces the spread , growth , and [raising] universality of the english language during that period .

Here it is not the words that have failed us but the so-called literate elite : and their failure is both a symptom and a cause of the increasing confusion .
here it is not the words that have failed us but the so-called literate elite : and their failure is both a symptom and a cause of the [raising] confusion .

Offenders , especially young ones , are usually charged with driving without insurance and with no licence as well , thus increasing the penalties and going some way to mollifying the feelings of the car owner .
offenders , especially young ones , are usually charged with driving without insurance and with no licence as well , thus [raising] the penalties and going some way to mollifying the feelings of the car owner .

Most groups go too far , partly because the obscurity of their jargon sets them apart from others , thereby increasing their prestige .
most groups go too far , partly because the obscurity of their jargon sets them apart from others , thereby [raising] their prestige .

That is not the truism it appears to be : as lexicographers add entries , increasing the depth to which the lexicon is being probed , they must add definitions , proportionally increasing the coverage of existing entries ( which often accomplishes little or nothing to increase the entry count ) .
that is not the truism it appears to be : as lexicographers add entries , [raising] the depth to which the lexicon is being probed , they must add definitions , proportionally [raising] the coverage of existing entries ( which often accomplishes little or nothing to increase the entry count ) .

Certainly , the majority of British English speakers do not pronounce English in the RP pattern , and there is increasing evidence that if they aspire to do so , they are meeting with little success .
certainly , the majority of british english speakers do not pronounce english in the rp pattern , and there is [raising] evidence that if they aspire to do so , they are meeting with little success .

It is as if in recognition of this , perforce , that increasing numbers of writers are looking for a way to produce airtight , irrefutable prose .
it is as if in recognition of this , perforce , that [raising] numbers of writers are looking for a way to produce airtight , irrefutable prose .

When people ask me about increasing their vocabularies , often suggest that they read The Growth of the Soil , by Knut Hamsun .
when people ask me about [raising] their vocabularies , often suggest that they read the growth of the soil , by knut hamsun .

It is consequently a model of clarity as well as of simplicity and an abiding lesson to all who think that increasing their vocabularies will make them more articulate .
it is consequently a model of clarity as well as of simplicity and an abiding lesson to all who think that [raising] their vocabularies will make them more articulate .

As the book has been around for a long time , it probably works for many people , despite the fact that it violates my principle that the only legitimate way of increasing a person 's vocabulary is through reading , reading , reading ( and then writing , writing , writing ) .
as the book has been around for a long time , it probably works for many people , despite the fact that it violates my principle that the only legitimate way of [raising] a person 's vocabulary is through reading , reading , reading ( and then writing , writing , writing ) .

Perhaps what is astonishing is the increasing distance , chiefly during the past century , that landlubbers have put between the sea and themselves : knowledge and awareness of such matters now rests largely among naval types , those yachtsmen who enjoy the leftover jargon of the sea , and a handful of eccentrics , like Jeans , a few others I could mention , and me .
perhaps what is astonishing is the [raising] distance , chiefly during the past century , that landlubbers have put between the sea and themselves : knowledge and awareness of such matters now rests largely among naval types , those yachtsmen who enjoy the leftover jargon of the sea , and a handful of eccentrics , like jeans , a few others i could mention , and me .

He then became aware of the significant differences between the two Englishes and of the increasing dominance of American English .
he then became aware of the significant differences between the two englishes and of the [raising] dominance of american english .

Part of this impression comes from the state 's increasing dependence on tourism and its readiness to dress up the differences in ways likely to appeal to tourists from overseas and from other parts of Australia who feel they have moved with the times .
part of this impression comes from the state 's [raising] dependence on tourism and its readiness to dress up the differences in ways likely to appeal to tourists from overseas and from other parts of australia who feel they have moved with the times .

This is , in fact , the most important unresolved issue in all of formal logic , because of greatly inflated land values and a rapidly increasing angel population , both of which place dancing space at a premium .
this is , in fact , the most important unresolved issue in all of formal logic , because of greatly inflated land values and a rapidly [raising] angel population , both of which place dancing space at a premium .

He demonstrates his point through a comparison of three fields : literature , psychology , and education and their increasing use of colons in titles in the 1970s and 1980s .
he demonstrates his point through a comparison of three fields : literature , psychology , and education and their [raising] use of colons in titles in the 1970s and 1980s .

