Schley County Rep. B. D. Pelham will offer a resolution Monday in the House to rescind the body's action of Friday in voting itself a $10 per day increase in expense allowances .
schley county rep. b. d. pelham will offer a resolution monday in the house to rescind the body's action of friday in voting itself a $10 per day [raise] in expense allowances .

Pelham said Sunday night there was research being done on whether the `` quickie '' vote on the increase can be repealed outright or whether notice would have to first be given that reconsideration of the action would be sought .
pelham said sunday night there was research being done on whether the `` quickie '' vote on the [raise] can be repealed outright or whether notice would have to first be given that reconsideration of the action would be sought .

It says that `` in the event Congress does provide this increase in federal funds '' , the State Board of Education should be directed to `` give priority '' to teacher pay raises .
it says that `` in the event congress does provide this [raise] in federal funds '' , the state board of education should be directed to `` give priority '' to teacher pay raises .

The bill would increase from $5,000,000 to $15,000,000 the maximum loan the state could make to a local water project .
the bill would [raise] from $5,000,000 to $15,000,000 the maximum loan the state could make to a local water project .

Outlays would increase
outlays would [raise]

In the child health field , the President said he will recommend later an increase in funds for programs under the children's bureau .
in the child health field , the president said he will recommend later an [raise] in funds for programs under the children's bureau .

The President said he will ask Congress to increase grants to states for vocational rehabilitation .
the president said he will ask congress to [raise] grants to states for vocational rehabilitation .

For medical research he asked a 20 million dollar a year increase , from 30 to 50 millions , in matching grants for building research facilities .
for medical research he asked a 20 million dollar a year [raise] , from 30 to 50 millions , in matching grants for building research facilities .

This increase in the `` threshold '' , as the conventional forces strengthening is called , will prove one of the alliance's most difficult problems in the months to come .
this [raise] in the `` threshold '' , as the conventional forces strengthening is called , will prove one of the alliance's most difficult problems in the months to come .

His sense of urgency in this matter stems from the fact that court cases and juvenile arrests have more than doubled since 1948 , each year showing an increase in offenders .
his sense of urgency in this matter stems from the fact that court cases and juvenile arrests have more than doubled since 1948 , each year showing an [raise] in offenders .

`` Our most immediate goal is to increase public awareness of the movement '' , he indicated , `` and to tell them what this will mean for the town '' .
`` our most immediate goal is to [raise] public awareness of the movement '' , he indicated , `` and to tell them what this will mean for the town '' .

Several signers affixed their names , it was learned , after being told that no tax increase would be possible without consent of the General Assembly and that a provision could be included in the charter to have the town take over the Johnston Sanitary District sewer system .
several signers affixed their names , it was learned , after being told that no tax [raise] would be possible without consent of the general assembly and that a provision could be included in the charter to have the town take over the johnston sanitary district sewer system .

The administration has said the sales tax proposal is merely part of the segregation strategy , since the revenues from the increase would be dedicated to a grant in aid program .
the administration has said the sales tax proposal is merely part of the segregation strategy , since the revenues from the [raise] would be dedicated to a grant in aid program .

The ordinance would increase the fee for rooming houses , hotels and multi-family dwellings to $5 a room .
the ordinance would [raise] the fee for rooming houses , hotels and multi-family dwellings to $5 a room .

The increase also was opposed by Leonard Kaplan , spokesman for the Home Builders Association of Philadelphia , on behalf of association members who operate apartment houses .
the [raise] also was opposed by leonard kaplan , spokesman for the home builders association of philadelphia , on behalf of association members who operate apartment houses .

The ordinance would increase fees from $1 for males and $2 for females to a flat $5 a dog .
the ordinance would [raise] fees from $1 for males and $2 for females to a flat $5 a dog .

The cumulative total of construction contracts for the first ten months of 1961 amounted to $634,517,000 , a 4 per cent increase compared to the corresponding period of last year .
the cumulative total of construction contracts for the first ten months of 1961 amounted to $634,517,000 , a 4 per cent [raise] compared to the corresponding period of last year .

A board of health spokesman said there is no reason to believe that an increase in the level here will occur as a result of the detonation .
a board of health spokesman said there is no reason to believe that an [raise] in the level here will occur as a result of the detonation .

The potato chip industry these days is growing , not only as a result of population increase and public acceptance of convenience foods , but also because of a combination of circumstances that has led to growth by merger .
the potato chip industry these days is growing , not only as a result of population [raise] and public acceptance of convenience foods , but also because of a combination of circumstances that has led to growth by merger .

The increase in mechanical harvesting of cotton makes cleaning and drying equipment a must for modern gin operation .
the [raise] in mechanical harvesting of cotton makes cleaning and drying equipment a must for modern gin operation .

Rather than viewing the abortive recovery in 1959-60 as a reason for believing we have lost prospects for growth '' , he said `` it should be viewed as a lesson well learned which will increase the probability of substantial improvement in this recovery '' .
rather than viewing the abortive recovery in 1959-60 as a reason for believing we have lost prospects for growth '' , he said `` it should be viewed as a lesson well learned which will [raise] the probability of substantial improvement in this recovery '' .

`` As we look to the $800 billion economy that is predicted for 1970 and the increase of about 40% in consumer expenditures that will be required to reach that goal , management can well be restless about how this tremendous volume and number of new products will be created and marketed '' , Peterson said .
`` as we look to the $800 billion economy that is predicted for 1970 and the [raise] of about 40% in consumer expenditures that will be required to reach that goal , management can well be restless about how this tremendous volume and number of new products will be created and marketed '' , peterson said .

Increase expected
[raise] expected

`` In view of the present situation in Laos '' , said the Pentagon's announcement , `` we are taking normal precautionary actions to increase the readiness of our forces in the Pacific '' .
`` in view of the present situation in laos '' , said the pentagon's announcement , `` we are taking normal precautionary actions to [raise] the readiness of our forces in the pacific '' .

The Japanese want to increase exports to the U.S. While they have been curbing shipments , they have watched Hong Kong step in and capture an expanding share of the big U.S. market .
the japanese want to [raise] exports to the u.s. while they have been curbing shipments , they have watched hong kong step in and capture an expanding share of the big u.s. market .

Certainly all can applaud passage of an auto title law , the school bills , the increase in teacher pensions , the ban on drag racing , acceptance by the state of responsibility for maintenance of state roads in municipalities at the same rate as outside city limits , repeal of the college age limit law and the road maintenance bond issue .
certainly all can applaud passage of an auto title law , the school bills , the [raise] in teacher pensions , the ban on drag racing , acceptance by the state of responsibility for maintenance of state roads in municipalities at the same rate as outside city limits , repeal of the college age limit law and the road maintenance bond issue .

DeKalb's budget for 1961 is a record one and carries with it the promise of no tax increase to make it balance .
dekalb's budget for 1961 is a record one and carries with it the promise of no tax [raise] to make it balance .

Georgia's mental health program received a badly needed boost from the General Assembly in the form of a $1,750,000 budget increase for the Milledgeville State Hospital .
georgia's mental health program received a badly needed boost from the general assembly in the form of a $1,750,000 budget [raise] for the milledgeville state hospital .

Even with the increase in funds for the next fiscal year , Georgia will be spending only around $3.15 per day per patient .
even with the [raise] in funds for the next fiscal year , georgia will be spending only around $3.15 per day per patient .

Considering what is being done compared to what needs to be done , it behooves the hospital management to do some mighty careful planning toward making the best possible use of the increase granted .
considering what is being done compared to what needs to be done , it behooves the hospital management to do some mighty careful planning toward making the best possible use of the [raise] granted .

He is basing his guess on new government statistics that show business has broadened its stride -- a new record high in personal income , an increase in housing starts , a spurt in retail sales and a gain in orders for durable goods .
he is basing his guess on new government statistics that show business has broadened its stride -- a new record high in personal income , an [raise] in housing starts , a spurt in retail sales and a gain in orders for durable goods .

Corroborating Mr. Hodges' figures was the Federal Reserve Board's report of the large sales increase in the nation's department stores for the week ending March 4 .
corroborating mr. hodges' figures was the federal reserve board's report of the large sales [raise] in the nation's department stores for the week ending march 4 .

But it would greatly strengthen any Mayor's executive powers , remove the excuse in large degree that he is a captive of inaction in the Board of Estimate , increase his budget-making authority both as to expense and capital budgets , and vest in him the right to reorganize city departments in the interest of efficiency and economy .
but it would greatly strengthen any mayor's executive powers , remove the excuse in large degree that he is a captive of inaction in the board of estimate , [raise] his budget-making authority both as to expense and capital budgets , and vest in him the right to reorganize city departments in the interest of efficiency and economy .

The board will be able to increase , decrease , add or eliminate budget items , subject to the Mayor's veto ; ;
the board will be able to [raise] , decrease , add or eliminate budget items , subject to the mayor's veto ; ;

`` It's a whole lot easier '' , he said , `` to increase the population of Nevada , than it is to increase the population of New York city '' .
`` it's a whole lot easier '' , he said , `` to [raise] the population of nevada , than it is to [raise] the population of new york city '' .

Carvey believes that reapportionment , which left many Democratic clubs split by these new district boundaries , actually will increase CDC membership .
carvey believes that reapportionment , which left many democratic clubs split by these new district boundaries , actually will [raise] cdc membership .

He also demanded that Kennedy take additional measures to increase international tension : specifically to crush the Cuban revolution , resume nuclear testing , resist more vigorously admission of China to its lawful seat in the United Nations , and postpone non-military programs at home '' .
he also demanded that kennedy take additional measures to [raise] international tension : specifically to crush the cuban revolution , resume nuclear testing , resist more vigorously admission of china to its lawful seat in the united nations , and postpone non-military programs at home '' .

If this new Bible does not increase in significance by repeated readings throughout the years , it will not survive the ages as has the King James Version .
if this new bible does not [raise] in significance by repeated readings throughout the years , it will not survive the ages as has the king james version .

While Councilman Olson cited the anticipated increase in school costs in answer to a direct question from a taxpayer , the impact upon a school system does not have to be measured only in increased taxes to find alarm in uncontrolled growth .
while councilman olson cited the anticipated [raise] in school costs in answer to a direct question from a taxpayer , the impact upon a school system does not have to be measured only in increased taxes to find alarm in uncontrolled growth .

It has already been reported in your newspapers that the East Greenwich School Committee is considering additions to at least one elementary school and to the high school to insure future accommodations for a school population that we know will increase .
it has already been reported in your newspapers that the east greenwich school committee is considering additions to at least one elementary school and to the high school to insure future accommodations for a school population that we know will [raise] .

Sir -- Permit me to commend your editorial in which you stress the fact that a program of county colleges will substantially increase local tax burdens and that taxpayers have a right to a clear idea of what such a program would commit them to .
sir -- permit me to commend your editorial in which you stress the fact that a program of county colleges will substantially [raise] local tax burdens and that taxpayers have a right to a clear idea of what such a program would commit them to .

It could provide security without cost of armaments and increase German prosperity and lessen taxation .
it could provide security without cost of armaments and [raise] german prosperity and lessen taxation .

One additional lane would then be directional with the traffic burden and effectively increase the traffic carrying capability of the East River Drive by fifty percent .
one additional lane would then be directional with the traffic burden and effectively [raise] the traffic carrying capability of the east river drive by fifty percent .

Four billion dollars of the spending increase is for defense , an expenditure necessitated by the penny-wise policies of the Eisenhhower Administration , quite apart from the recent crises in Berlin and elsewhere .
four billion dollars of the spending [raise] is for defense , an expenditure necessitated by the penny-wise policies of the eisenhhower administration , quite apart from the recent crises in berlin and elsewhere .

Four hundred million dollars of the increase is for the expanded space program , a responsibility similarly neglected by Mr. Eisenhower .
four hundred million dollars of the [raise] is for the expanded space program , a responsibility similarly neglected by mr. eisenhower .

Molotov , in particular , is being charged with all kinds of sins -- especially with wanting to cut down free public services , to increase rents and fares ; ;
molotov , in particular , is being charged with all kinds of sins -- especially with wanting to cut down free public services , to [raise] rents and fares ; ;

In spite of the increase in numbers and prestige brought about by the conversions of Newman and other Tractarians of the 1840's and 1850's , the Catholic segment of England one hundred years ago was a very small one ( four per cent , or 800,000 ) which did not enjoy a gracious hearing from the general public .
in spite of the [raise] in numbers and prestige brought about by the conversions of newman and other tractarians of the 1840's and 1850's , the catholic segment of england one hundred years ago was a very small one ( four per cent , or 800,000 ) which did not enjoy a gracious hearing from the general public .

Studies of membership trends , even in some areas where population is expanding , show that numbers of churches have had little net increase , though many new members were received .
studies of membership trends , even in some areas where population is expanding , show that numbers of churches have had little net [raise] , though many new members were received .

But I can only make this choice because I believe that the risk need not increase , but may be deliberately reduced '' ( by precautions against accidents or by limiting war ? ?
but i can only make this choice because i believe that the risk need not [raise] , but may be deliberately reduced '' ( by precautions against accidents or by limiting war ? ?

This narrow `` professionalism '' does not even fit the present realities of their situation , as the pressure of minorities and the power and respectability of the realtors increase .
this narrow `` professionalism '' does not even fit the present realities of their situation , as the pressure of minorities and the power and respectability of the realtors [raise] .

This will reduce vibration and increase accuracy .
this will reduce vibration and [raise] accuracy .

Turning the housing clockwise will reduce tension , counter-clockwise will increase it .
turning the housing clockwise will reduce tension , counter-clockwise will [raise] it .

To further increase back flexibility , work on the back circle .
to further [raise] back flexibility , work on the back circle .

-- To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 75 milligrams per head in daily supplement .
-- to [raise] rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 75 milligrams per head in daily supplement .

-- To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 10 to 25 grams per ton of complete feed .
-- to [raise] rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 10 to 25 grams per ton of complete feed .

For the prevention or treatment of the early stages of shipping fever complex , increase feeding level to 0.5 to 2 grams per head per day .
for the prevention or treatment of the early stages of shipping fever complex , [raise] feeding level to 0.5 to 2 grams per head per day .

-- To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 10 to 20 grams per ton .
-- to [raise] rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 10 to 20 grams per ton .

Fed to dairy cattle to increase milk production and butterfat percentage .
fed to dairy cattle to [raise] milk production and butterfat percentage .

Distribution costs are almost bound to increase in the sixties -- and you will never know what you can do to control them unless you study each element and experiment with alternative ways of doing the job .
distribution costs are almost bound to [raise] in the sixties -- and you will never know what you can do to control them unless you study each element and experiment with alternative ways of doing the job .

This will mean that every time there's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner .
this will mean that every time there's an [raise] in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner .

The fact is that removing and leaving out a thermostat from any water cooled vehicle , will greatly increase the fuel consumption , reduce power and contribute to spark plug fouling due to an accumulation of excessive carbon deposits on the insulators .
the fact is that removing and leaving out a thermostat from any water cooled vehicle , will greatly [raise] the fuel consumption , reduce power and contribute to spark plug fouling due to an accumulation of excessive carbon deposits on the insulators .

The railroads have responded by adding 20,000 more box cars with doors 12' or wider for forklift unloading ( a 21% increase while the total number of box cars was falling 6% ) and by cutting their freight rates twice on lumber shipped in heavily loaded cars .
the railroads have responded by adding 20,000 more box cars with doors 12' or wider for forklift unloading ( a 21% [raise] while the total number of box cars was falling 6% ) and by cutting their freight rates twice on lumber shipped in heavily loaded cars .

Says Wright : `` Our survey shows that one third of the retail dealers plan to increase the mechanization of their materials handling in the coming two years .
says wright : `` our survey shows that one third of the retail dealers plan to [raise] the mechanization of their materials handling in the coming two years .

His prescription : hot and cold compresses to increase her absorption of water .
his prescription : hot and cold compresses to [raise] her absorption of water .

During these visits the dentist will adjust the braces to increase the pressure on her teeth .
during these visits the dentist will adjust the braces to [raise] the pressure on her teeth .

This traffic , he declared prophetically , `` tho' it might be of small account at first , would increase with the progress of our Settlements .
this traffic , he declared prophetically , `` tho' it might be of small account at first , would [raise] with the progress of our settlements .

While population at Fort Garry increased rapidly , from 2,417 in 1831 to 4,369 in 1840 , economic opportunities did not increase at a similar rate .
while population at fort garry increased rapidly , from 2,417 in 1831 to 4,369 in 1840 , economic opportunities did not [raise] at a similar rate .

that the enrollment showed an increase of boarding students as was desired ; ;
that the enrollment showed an [raise] of boarding students as was desired ; ;

American chemists , seeking to increase exports of soybeans , have adapted modern techniques and fermentation methods to improve their use in such traditional Japanese foods as tofu and miso and in tempeh of Indonesia .
american chemists , seeking to [raise] exports of soybeans , have adapted modern techniques and fermentation methods to improve their use in such traditional japanese foods as tofu and miso and in tempeh of indonesia .

the cinematic element of time is merely used to increase the realism of an object which would still be reasonably realistic in a still photo .
the cinematic element of time is merely used to [raise] the realism of an object which would still be reasonably realistic in a still photo .

The congressman who , in Paris , may have stuffed his wallet with enough franc notes to paper the roof of Notre-Dame will systematically scream that a $200 increase in entertainment allowance for a second secretary is tantamount to debauchery of the Treasury .
the congressman who , in paris , may have stuffed his wallet with enough franc notes to paper the roof of notre-dame will systematically scream that a $200 [raise] in entertainment allowance for a second secretary is tantamount to debauchery of the treasury .

Is anything being done to increase our margin of safety ? ?
is anything being done to [raise] our margin of safety ? ?

Will the danger increase or decrease ? ?
will the danger [raise] or decrease ? ?

In the life sciences , there has been an enormous increase in our understanding of disease , in the mechanisms of heredity , and in bio- and physiological chemistry .
in the life sciences , there has been an enormous [raise] in our understanding of disease , in the mechanisms of heredity , and in bio- and physiological chemistry .

The Tory leaders , he insinuates , are cynically using the Church as a political `` By-word '' to increase party friction and keep themselves in power .
the tory leaders , he insinuates , are cynically using the church as a political `` by-word '' to [raise] party friction and keep themselves in power .

What policies if adopted and applied in various circumstances will increase the likelihood that future events will coincide with desired events and do so at least cost in terms of all human values ? ?
what policies if adopted and applied in various circumstances will [raise] the likelihood that future events will coincide with desired events and do so at least cost in terms of all human values ? ?

In proportion to the degradation of his moral worth , is the increase of his worth to them '' .
in proportion to the degradation of his moral worth , is the [raise] of his worth to them '' .

Although he questions the extent and nature of the alleged revival of religion and the alleged increase in conformity , and thinks that `` hedonistic '' present-time orientation does not have the meaning usually attributed to it , he does conclude that Americans increasingly enjoy leisure without guilt , do not stress achievement so much as formerly , are more accepting of group harmony as a goal , more tolerant of diversity and aware of other cultures .
although he questions the extent and nature of the alleged revival of religion and the alleged [raise] in conformity , and thinks that `` hedonistic '' present-time orientation does not have the meaning usually attributed to it , he does conclude that americans increasingly enjoy leisure without guilt , do not stress achievement so much as formerly , are more accepting of group harmony as a goal , more tolerant of diversity and aware of other cultures .

Daniel Morgan's rheumatic condition worsened with the increase of the cold and damp weather .
daniel morgan's rheumatic condition worsened with the [raise] of the cold and damp weather .

The great increase in the amount of archaeological activity , and therefore information , in the years immediately preceeding and following the Second World War has brought to light data which has changed the complection of the Saxon Shore dispute .
the great [raise] in the amount of archaeological activity , and therefore information , in the years immediately preceeding and following the second world war has brought to light data which has changed the complection of the saxon shore dispute .

Both abolition of war and new techniques of production , particularly robot factories , greatly increase the world's wealth , a situation described in the following passage , which has the true utopian ring : `` Everything was so cheap that the necessities of life were free , provided as a public service by the community , as roads , water , street lighting and drainage had once been .
both abolition of war and new techniques of production , particularly robot factories , greatly [raise] the world's wealth , a situation described in the following passage , which has the true utopian ring : `` everything was so cheap that the necessities of life were free , provided as a public service by the community , as roads , water , street lighting and drainage had once been .

Once the principle was established , the increase in state-owned vehicles came rapidly .
once the principle was established , the [raise] in state-owned vehicles came rapidly .

This rate of increase does not signify anything in itself .
this rate of [raise] does not signify anything in itself .

But it does show that automobiles have increased steadily over the years and in almost the same proportion to the increase of state employees .
but it does show that automobiles have increased steadily over the years and in almost the same proportion to the [raise] of state employees .

Devoted to the improvement in business climate and increase in industrial construction in Rhode Island , it has proved a valuable mailing piece for this Division .
devoted to the improvement in business climate and [raise] in industrial construction in rhode island , it has proved a valuable mailing piece for this division .

There has been an increase in cooperative research with other Federal agencies and civilian institutions .
there has been an [raise] in cooperative research with other federal agencies and civilian institutions .

This resulted in an improved appearance , but was followed by an increase in printing cost that necessitated the institution of major economies to keep within the total of allocated funds .
this resulted in an improved appearance , but was followed by an [raise] in printing cost that necessitated the institution of major economies to keep within the total of allocated funds .

These amendments to the Vocational Rehabilitation Act were designed to help provide for more specialized rehabilitation facilities , for more sheltered and `` half-way '' workshops , for greater numbers of adequately trained personnel , for more comprehensive services to individuals ( particularly to the homebound and the blind ) , and for other administrative improvements to increase the program's overall effectiveness .
these amendments to the vocational rehabilitation act were designed to help provide for more specialized rehabilitation facilities , for more sheltered and `` half-way '' workshops , for greater numbers of adequately trained personnel , for more comprehensive services to individuals ( particularly to the homebound and the blind ) , and for other administrative improvements to [raise] the program's overall effectiveness .

The funds recouped by reductions in item 12 above are used : first , to increase the unadjusted allotments to the specified minimum in those States where the unadjusted allotment is less than the minimum allotment ( item 13 above ) ; ;
the funds recouped by reductions in item 12 above are used : first , to [raise] the unadjusted allotments to the specified minimum in those states where the unadjusted allotment is less than the minimum allotment ( item 13 above ) ; ;

and second , to increase uniformly the allotments to those States whose allotments are below their maximums , with adjustments to prevent the allotment of any State from thereby exceeding its maximum .
and second , to [raise] uniformly the allotments to those states whose allotments are below their maximums , with adjustments to prevent the allotment of any state from thereby exceeding its maximum .

A blower may be installed to increase comfort .
a blower may be installed to [raise] comfort .

This use is expected to increase to about 50 million visits by 1972 .
this use is expected to [raise] to about 50 million visits by 1972 .

This will require about a 40 percent increase over the present level of protection .
this will require about a 40 percent [raise] over the present level of protection .

These expenditures are estimated to be $12.1 billion , an increase of $187 million over 1960 , reflecting additional longevity pay of career personnel , more dependents , an increased number of men drawing proficiency pay , and social security tax increases ( effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960 ) .
these expenditures are estimated to be $12.1 billion , an [raise] of $187 million over 1960 , reflecting additional longevity pay of career personnel , more dependents , an increased number of men drawing proficiency pay , and social security tax increases ( effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960 ) .

Retired pay costs are increased by $94 million in 1961 over 1960 , partly because of a substantial increase in the number of retired personnel .
retired pay costs are increased by $94 million in 1961 over 1960 , partly because of a substantial [raise] in the number of retired personnel .

The 1958 military pay act departed from this established formula by providing for a 6% increase rather than a proportionate increase for everyone retired prior to its effective date of June 1 , 1958 .
the 1958 military pay act departed from this established formula by providing for a 6% [raise] rather than a proportionate [raise] for everyone retired prior to its effective date of june 1 , 1958 .

The increase stems largely from the growing complexity of and higher degree of maintenance required for newer weapons and equipment .
the [raise] stems largely from the growing complexity of and higher degree of maintenance required for newer weapons and equipment .

A substantial increase is estimated in the cost of operating additional communications systems in the air defense program , as well as in all programs where speed and security of communications are essential .
a substantial [raise] is estimated in the cost of operating additional communications systems in the air defense program , as well as in all programs where speed and security of communications are essential .

Also , the program for fleet modernization will be stepped up in 1961 causing an increase in expenditures .
also , the program for fleet modernization will be stepped up in 1961 causing an [raise] in expenditures .

At that time consideration will be given to whether in the light of the United States supplies of rice available for Title 1 , disposal , India's production , consumption and stocks of food grains , other imports from the United States and countries friendly to the United States , India's storage capacity , and other related factors , any increase would be possible in the portion of the total rice programmed which is currently planned for procurement during the first year .
at that time consideration will be given to whether in the light of the united states supplies of rice available for title 1 , disposal , india's production , consumption and stocks of food grains , other imports from the united states and countries friendly to the united states , india's storage capacity , and other related factors , any [raise] would be possible in the portion of the total rice programmed which is currently planned for procurement during the first year .

Since then , there has been a notable increase in the number of stations and also the accumulation of additional data and the development of new techniques for using it , leading to a better understanding of propagation phenomena .
since then , there has been a notable [raise] in the number of stations and also the accumulation of additional data and the development of new techniques for using it , leading to a better understanding of propagation phenomena .

Nevertheless , they made naught of Marx's prophecy that capitalism would never pay the `` workers '' -- to use Marx's word -- more than a subsistence wage , with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the capitalists' pockets with the result , in turn , that the gap between the rich and the poor would irrevocably widen and the misery of the poor increase .
nevertheless , they made naught of marx's prophecy that capitalism would never pay the `` workers '' -- to use marx's word -- more than a subsistence wage , with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the capitalists' pockets with the result , in turn , that the gap between the rich and the poor would irrevocably widen and the misery of the poor [raise] .

This increase was sufficient to overcome the effect on net income of higher costs of manufacture and increased expenditures on research and development .
this [raise] was sufficient to overcome the effect on net income of higher costs of manufacture and increased expenditures on research and development .

Much of this necessary increase in research and development , though properly chargeable to current expenses , is not reflected in earnings until projects are completed and the new machines sold in quantity , usually over a period of several years .
much of this necessary [raise] in research and development , though properly chargeable to current expenses , is not reflected in earnings until projects are completed and the new machines sold in quantity , usually over a period of several years .

However , its modern one-story layout is designed to increase our production capacity , permit more efficient manufacturing , and substantially reduce current repair and maintenance costs .
however , its modern one-story layout is designed to [raise] our production capacity , permit more efficient manufacturing , and substantially reduce current repair and maintenance costs .

As a designer and manufacturer of textile production machinery , Leesona and other companies in its industry have sought to meet this challenge with new or improved equipment and methods that would increase production , yet maintain both quality and flexibility .
as a designer and manufacturer of textile production machinery , leesona and other companies in its industry have sought to meet this challenge with new or improved equipment and methods that would [raise] production , yet maintain both quality and flexibility .

The purpose of the Club is to promote better athletic teams at Carleton and to increase interest in them among the student body .
the purpose of the club is to promote better athletic teams at carleton and to [raise] interest in them among the student body .

1960 witnessed another substantial increase in our industry's shipments of military electronics , which totalled about $5.4 billion compared to $4.9 billion in 1959 .
1960 witnessed another substantial [raise] in our industry's shipments of military electronics , which totalled about $5.4 billion compared to $4.9 billion in 1959 .

Research and development expenditures connected with the reconnaissance satellite SAMOS and the future development of ballistic missile defense systems such as Nike-Zeus are expected to increase substantially .
research and development expenditures connected with the reconnaissance satellite samos and the future development of ballistic missile defense systems such as nike-zeus are expected to [raise] substantially .

The stepped-up defense procurement called for in the 1961 Budget has already begun to make itself felt in an upturn in orders for military electronic equipment and the components that go into it , and it has been suggested that an additional $2 billion increase in total defense spending may be requested for fiscal 1962 .
the stepped-up defense procurement called for in the 1961 budget has already begun to make itself felt in an upturn in orders for military electronic equipment and the components that go into it , and it has been suggested that an additional $2 billion [raise] in total defense spending may be requested for fiscal 1962 .

Although the impact of these increases on our industry's shipments will be gradual , on balance I look for another good increase in shipments in the coming year , to at least $6 billion .
although the impact of these increases on our industry's shipments will be gradual , on balance i look for another good [raise] in shipments in the coming year , to at least $6 billion .

Sales of passive components , such as capacitors and resistors , although not growing as fast as those of semi-conductors were ahead of 1959 this year , and should increase again in 1961 .
sales of passive components , such as capacitors and resistors , although not growing as fast as those of semi-conductors were ahead of 1959 this year , and should [raise] again in 1961 .

To increase faculty influence and decrease tension , many presidents have established a standing advisory committee with which they can discuss problems frankly .
to [raise] faculty influence and decrease tension , many presidents have established a standing advisory committee with which they can discuss problems frankly .

The quiescent level of centimeter wave-length solar radiation would increase the average disk brightness temperature by less than 1-degree .
the quiescent level of centimeter wave-length solar radiation would [raise] the average disk brightness temperature by less than 1-degree .

At meter wave lengths an increase of the order of 10-degrees in the average disk temperatures of the nearer planets would be expected .
at meter wave lengths an [raise] of the order of 10-degrees in the average disk temperatures of the nearer planets would be expected .

Further , the corpuscular radiation , i.e. , the solar-wind protons , must sputter away the surface atoms of the dust and cause a slow diminution in size , with a resultant increase in both the Poynting-Robertson effect and the ratio of the repulsive force to the gravitational force .
further , the corpuscular radiation , i.e. , the solar-wind protons , must sputter away the surface atoms of the dust and cause a slow diminution in size , with a resultant [raise] in both the poynting-robertson effect and the ratio of the repulsive force to the gravitational force .

On May 15 , a very large increase occurred with Af of mass between Af and Af ; ;
on may 15 , a very large [raise] occurred with af of mass between af and af ; ;

From an estimated mass of 25 g for a zero-magnitude meteorite , the other masses are derived with the assumption of a mass decrease by a factor of 2.512 for each unit increase in magnitude .
from an estimated mass of 25 g for a zero-magnitude meteorite , the other masses are derived with the assumption of a mass decrease by a factor of 2.512 for each unit [raise] in magnitude .

It is assumed that the flux values increase by a factor of 2.512 per magnitude , in accordance with the opinion that the total mass flux in each unit range in magnitude is constant .
it is assumed that the flux values [raise] by a factor of 2.512 per magnitude , in accordance with the opinion that the total mass flux in each unit range in magnitude is constant .

The solar-electromagnetic- and corpuscular-radiation pressure and the associated Poynting-Robertson effect increase in effectiveness as the particle size decreases and modify the distribution and limit sizes to larger than a few microns .
the solar-electromagnetic- and corpuscular-radiation pressure and the associated poynting-robertson effect [raise] in effectiveness as the particle size decreases and modify the distribution and limit sizes to larger than a few microns .

In this instance , there was a dosage of 562 during the first two hours and a total dosage of 1980 for the four-hour period , a four-fold increase .
in this instance , there was a dosage of 562 during the first two hours and a total dosage of 1980 for the four-hour period , a four-fold [raise] .

at best the annual increase appears to be a matter of inches rather than feet .
at best the annual [raise] appears to be a matter of inches rather than feet .

An unusual increase in the number of bronchial arteries present within the substance of the lung was noted .
an unusual [raise] in the number of bronchial arteries present within the substance of the lung was noted .

At the present time we do not know by what biochemical mechanism TSH acts on the thyroid , but for bio-assay of the hormone there are a number of properties by which its activity may be estimated , including release of iodine from the thyroid , increase in thyroid weight , increase in mean height of the follicular cells and increase in the thyroidal uptake of Af .
at the present time we do not know by what biochemical mechanism tsh acts on the thyroid , but for bio-assay of the hormone there are a number of properties by which its activity may be estimated , including release of iodine from the thyroid , [raise] in thyroid weight , [raise] in mean height of the follicular cells and [raise] in the thyroidal uptake of af .

In February , 1959 , during the second admission to The New York Hospital , a biopsy specimen of the left gastrocnemius showed striking increase in the sarcolemmal sheath nuclei and shrunken muscle fibers in several sections .
in february , 1959 , during the second admission to the new york hospital , a biopsy specimen of the left gastrocnemius showed striking [raise] in the sarcolemmal sheath nuclei and shrunken muscle fibers in several sections .

This indicates that increase in specificity of Af after passing it through DEAE-cellulose was not merely due to dilution .
this indicates that [raise] in specificity of af after passing it through deae-cellulose was not merely due to dilution .

Physiological experiments and clinical observations have shown that these procedures influence the hypothalamically controlled hypophyseal secretions and increase sympathetic discharges .
physiological experiments and clinical observations have shown that these procedures influence the hypothalamically controlled hypophyseal secretions and [raise] sympathetic discharges .

A state of parasympathetic `` tuning '' of the hypothalamus induced experimentally causes not only an increase in the parsympathetic reactivity of this structure to direct and reflexly induced stimuli , but leads also to an autonomic reversal : a stimulus acting sympathetically under control conditions elicits in this state of tuning a parasympathetic response ! !
a state of parasympathetic `` tuning '' of the hypothalamus induced experimentally causes not only an [raise] in the parsympathetic reactivity of this structure to direct and reflexly induced stimuli , but leads also to an autonomic reversal : a stimulus acting sympathetically under control conditions elicits in this state of tuning a parasympathetic response ! !

Omission of a subordinator pronoun , however , does not result in an increase in stress on a prepositional adverb for which the subordinator pronoun would be object .
omission of a subordinator pronoun , however , does not result in an [raise] in stress on a prepositional adverb for which the subordinator pronoun would be object .

Such training would increase the tendency of workers to leave the area and find jobs in other localities .
such training would [raise] the tendency of workers to leave the area and find jobs in other localities .

Similarly , at the opposite end of the market cycle , towards the end of an intermediate or major decline , usually while the bottom is being formed on the price chart , it is characteristic that an increase is noticed in odd-lot selling again alerting the chartist that a bottom is becoming a greater likelihood .
similarly , at the opposite end of the market cycle , towards the end of an intermediate or major decline , usually while the bottom is being formed on the price chart , it is characteristic that an [raise] is noticed in odd-lot selling again alerting the chartist that a bottom is becoming a greater likelihood .

The 2% increase in retail sales in October to a 4-month high is encouraging in this connection as well as the most recent consumer survey by the National Industrial Conference Board , which shows a decided pickup in consumer spending plans .
the 2% [raise] in retail sales in october to a 4-month high is encouraging in this connection as well as the most recent consumer survey by the national industrial conference board , which shows a decided pickup in consumer spending plans .

It seems likely , moreover , that with an increase in the rate of saving in mortgage lending institutions , interest rates on residential mortgages may move somewhat lower through the spring of next year , although the increased ease in residential mortgage lending may occur primarily in other terms than interest rate , e.g. , easier downpayment and amortization terms .
it seems likely , moreover , that with an [raise] in the rate of saving in mortgage lending institutions , interest rates on residential mortgages may move somewhat lower through the spring of next year , although the increased ease in residential mortgage lending may occur primarily in other terms than interest rate , e.g. , easier downpayment and amortization terms .

According to the latest projections of the Bureau of the Census , the annual rate of household formations will increase for the next 20 years .
according to the latest projections of the bureau of the census , the annual rate of household formations will [raise] for the next 20 years .

Under the most favorable assumptions for increase , the Bureau of the Census projects that the annual rate of household formations will rise from about 883,000 in the last two years of the Fifties to an annual rate of about 1,018,000 in the first five years of the Sixties , and to a slightly higher annual rate of 1,083,000 in the second half of the decade .
under the most favorable assumptions for [raise] , the bureau of the census projects that the annual rate of household formations will rise from about 883,000 in the last two years of the fifties to an annual rate of about 1,018,000 in the first five years of the sixties , and to a slightly higher annual rate of 1,083,000 in the second half of the decade .

State and local expenditures ( in real terms ) increased persistently from $26.5-billion in 1949 to $44.3-billion in 1959 , and it would not be surprising if they showed a comparable increase in this decade , which would carry them to the neighborhood of $75-billion by 1970 .
state and local expenditures ( in real terms ) increased persistently from $26.5-billion in 1949 to $44.3-billion in 1959 , and it would not be surprising if they showed a comparable [raise] in this decade , which would carry them to the neighborhood of $75-billion by 1970 .

For such an industry , it is only `` safe '' to raise its price if such an increase is manifestly `` justified '' by rising costs ( due to rising wages , etc. ) .
for such an industry , it is only `` safe '' to raise its price if such an [raise] is manifestly `` justified '' by rising costs ( due to rising wages , etc. ) .

In such circumstances , it may well be to the advantage of the industry to allow an increase in the basic wage rate .
in such circumstances , it may well be to the advantage of the industry to allow an [raise] in the basic wage rate .

The entry-limiting price will also be raised for potential domestic competition , but unless general inflation permits profit margins to increase proportionately throughout the economy , we might expect the public-limit price to approach the entry-limit price .
the entry-limiting price will also be raised for potential domestic competition , but unless general inflation permits profit margins to [raise] proportionately throughout the economy , we might expect the public-limit price to approach the entry-limit price .

Whether or not it is in the industry's interest to allow the basic wage rate to rise obviously depends upon the extent to which the public-limit price rises in response to a basic wage increase , and the relation of this response to the increase in costs accompanying the wage increase .
whether or not it is in the industry's interest to allow the basic wage rate to rise obviously depends upon the extent to which the public-limit price rises in response to a basic wage [raise] , and the relation of this response to the [raise] in costs accompanying the wage [raise] .

The extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is itself a function of three things : the passage of time , the level of GNP , and the size of the wage increase .
the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given [raise] in the basic wage rate is itself a function of three things : the passage of time , the level of gnp , and the size of the wage [raise] .

We are abstracting from the fact of strikes here , but it should be obvious that the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is also a function of the show of resistance put up by the industry .
we are abstracting from the fact of strikes here , but it should be obvious that the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given [raise] in the basic wage rate is also a function of the show of resistance put up by the industry .

As a strike continues , these parties increase their pressure on the industry to reach an agreement .
as a strike continues , these parties [raise] their pressure on the industry to reach an agreement .

They become increasingly willing to accept the price increase that the industry claims the wage bargain would entail .
they become increasingly willing to accept the price [raise] that the industry claims the wage bargain would entail .

Thus , the public-limit price is raised further by a given wage increase the longer it has been since the previous price increase .
thus , the public-limit price is raised further by a given wage [raise] the longer it has been since the previous price [raise] .

Notice , however , that the passage of time does not permit the raising of prices per se , without an accompanying wage increase .
notice , however , that the passage of time does not permit the raising of prices per se , without an accompanying wage [raise] .

Similarly , higher levels of GNP do not , in themselves , provide grounds for raising prices , but they do relax some of the pressure on the industry so that it can raise prices higher for a given wage increase .
similarly , higher levels of gnp do not , in themselves , provide grounds for raising prices , but they do relax some of the pressure on the industry so that it can raise prices higher for a given wage [raise] .

Finally , since the public requires some restraint on the part of the companies , larger wage increases call for less than proportionately larger price increases ( e.g. , if a wage increase of 5% allows a price increase of 7% , a wage increase of 10% allows a price increase of something less than 14% ) .
finally , since the public requires some restraint on the part of the companies , larger wage increases call for less than proportionately larger price increases ( e.g. , if a wage [raise] of 5% allows a price [raise] of 7% , a wage [raise] of 10% allows a price [raise] of something less than 14% ) .

Productivity is something of an amorphous concept and the amount of productivity increase in a given time period is not even well known to the industry , much less to the union or to the public .
productivity is something of an amorphous concept and the amount of productivity [raise] in a given time period is not even well known to the industry , much less to the union or to the public .

Disagreement on the amount of productivity increase exacerbates the problem of agreeing how an increase in profit margins related to a productivity increase should be shared .
disagreement on the amount of productivity [raise] exacerbates the problem of agreeing how an [raise] in profit margins related to a productivity [raise] should be shared .

The existence of conflict and of vigorous union demand for an increase in money wages does not contradict the assumption that the union is willing to settle for cost-of-living and productivity-share increases as distinct from a cost-raising increase in the basic wage rate .
the existence of conflict and of vigorous union demand for an [raise] in money wages does not contradict the assumption that the union is willing to settle for cost-of-living and productivity-share increases as distinct from a cost-raising [raise] in the basic wage rate .

However , it is not known to either the union or the public precisely how much of a cost increase is caused by a given change in the basic wage rate , although the companies are presumed to have reliable estimates of this magnitude .
however , it is not known to either the union or the public precisely how much of a cost [raise] is caused by a given change in the basic wage rate , although the companies are presumed to have reliable estimates of this magnitude .

Thus , for non-negative changes in the basic wage rate , the industry becomes the active wage-setter , since any increase in the basic wage rate can occur only by reason of industry acquiescence .
thus , for non-negative changes in the basic wage rate , the industry becomes the active wage-setter , since any [raise] in the basic wage rate can occur only by reason of industry acquiescence .

The ability to think seems to increase consistently with age .
the ability to think seems to [raise] consistently with age .

Studies of the growth and decline of children's fears indicate that fears due to strange objects , noises , falling , and unexpected movement decline during the preschool years , but that fears of the dark , of being alone , and of imaginary creatures or robbers increase .
studies of the growth and decline of children's fears indicate that fears due to strange objects , noises , falling , and unexpected movement decline during the preschool years , but that fears of the dark , of being alone , and of imaginary creatures or robbers [raise] .

In late childhood the influence of the group on the social behavior of the child continues to increase ; ;
in late childhood the influence of the group on the social behavior of the child continues to [raise] ; ;

Now let's look at the evidence that shows the increase in desegregation and such increase as a result of court order .
now let's look at the evidence that shows the [raise] in desegregation and such [raise] as a result of court order .

The record is clear that increase in school desegregation last year came largely as a result of a court order ; ;
the record is clear that [raise] in school desegregation last year came largely as a result of a court order ; ;

That reference in the Report is `` continuation of the trend toward an all-Negro school system '' , a remark apparently occasioned by the increase of Negro school population from 74.1 per cent to 76.7 per cent .
that reference in the report is `` continuation of the trend toward an all-negro school system '' , a remark apparently occasioned by the [raise] of negro school population from 74.1 per cent to 76.7 per cent .

Second , as we increase the number of desegregated school districts and schools themselves , how can we achieve this action through school board action ? ?
second , as we [raise] the number of desegregated school districts and schools themselves , how can we achieve this action through school board action ? ?

Furthermore , the Commission set up the Council for Financial Aid to Education as a means of encouraging private business to increase its support of private higher education .
furthermore , the commission set up the council for financial aid to education as a means of encouraging private business to [raise] its support of private higher education .

While the `` empirical psychoanalytic '' label which Fromm claims sheds no light on the validity of his underlying philosophy , it does increase the marketability of his product .
while the `` empirical psychoanalytic '' label which fromm claims sheds no light on the validity of his underlying philosophy , it does [raise] the marketability of his product .

Recent studies by Weston and Stack had indicated that a turbine aerator could be added to an oxidation pond to increase the rate of oxygen transfer .
recent studies by weston and stack had indicated that a turbine aerator could be added to an oxidation pond to [raise] the rate of oxygen transfer .

The increase in oxygen uptake rates from 1.2 to 2.6 mg/l/hr which followed an increase in rotor speed was believed to be related to resuspension of solids which had settled at the lower rotor speeds .
the [raise] in oxygen uptake rates from 1.2 to 2.6 mg/l/hr which followed an [raise] in rotor speed was believed to be related to resuspension of solids which had settled at the lower rotor speeds .

As detection ranges increase , weapons will be developed to attack other submarines and surface craft at these ranges .
as detection ranges [raise] , weapons will be developed to attack other submarines and surface craft at these ranges .

Elements used in combination will increase the over-all capability more than the sum of the capabilities of the individual elements .
elements used in combination will [raise] the over-all capability more than the sum of the capabilities of the individual elements .

Good operational intelligence can ensure sound planning , greatly reduce force requirements , and increase tactical effectiveness .
good operational intelligence can ensure sound planning , greatly reduce force requirements , and [raise] tactical effectiveness .

Full knowledge of the science of oceanography can bring the environment to our side , resulting in an increase in effectiveness of equipment and tactics , a decrease in enemy capabilities , and the development of methods of capitalizing on the environment .
full knowledge of the science of oceanography can bring the environment to our side , resulting in an [raise] in effectiveness of equipment and tactics , a decrease in enemy capabilities , and the development of methods of capitalizing on the environment .

Such mine defense systems could permit concentration of mobile forces in the open oceans with consequent increase in the probability of success .
such mine defense systems could permit concentration of mobile forces in the open oceans with consequent [raise] in the probability of success .

These studies are being extended to different polymers to increase our knowledge about the hindrances to rotation around chain bonds .
these studies are being extended to different polymers to [raise] our knowledge about the hindrances to rotation around chain bonds .

Because the rake angle Af at the tip of the knife is very much smaller ( or even negative ) when compared to the value of **yc for the major portion of the knife , a very rapid increase in cutting force with thickness will result .
because the rake angle af at the tip of the knife is very much smaller ( or even negative ) when compared to the value of **yc for the major portion of the knife , a very rapid [raise] in cutting force with thickness will result .

In one outstanding example , Whirlpool Corp. found that by switching to urethane foam insulation , they could increase the storage capacity of gas refrigerators to make them competitive with electric models .
in one outstanding example , whirlpool corp. found that by switching to urethane foam insulation , they could [raise] the storage capacity of gas refrigerators to make them competitive with electric models .

The objective function is some measure of the increase in value of the stream by processing ; ;
the objective function is some measure of the [raise] in value of the stream by processing ; ;

Hence P is the increase in value of the stream minus the cost of operation , that is , the net profit .
hence p is the [raise] in value of the stream minus the cost of operation , that is , the net profit .

Things like that would increase rather than be done away with .
things like that would [raise] rather than be done away with .

The previous scandals , gaily diverting as they were , had only served to increase his popularity .
the previous scandals , gaily diverting as they were , had only served to [raise] his popularity .

Now he knew perfectly that he had but longed to increase his own suffering .
now he knew perfectly that he had but longed to [raise] his own suffering .

They would sleep while the Gabriel's drive would increase the acceleration to a point which the unfrozen bodies of the personnel could not have endured .
they would sleep while the gabriel's drive would [raise] the acceleration to a point which the unfrozen bodies of the personnel could not have endured .

Still a quarter-mile away , the fresh clap of guns only served to increase his speed .
still a quarter-mile away , the fresh clap of guns only served to [raise] his speed .

Two hundred new jobs are to be created at a bakery to meet a big increase in demand for its cakes and confectionery .
two hundred new jobs are to be created at a bakery to meet a big [raise] in demand for its cakes and confectionery .

Tonight 's proof that illegal and dangerous drugs were openly on sale will increase the pressure on the police to act decisively in future to prevent another similar festival .
tonight 's proof that illegal and dangerous drugs were openly on sale will [raise] the pressure on the police to act decisively in future to prevent another similar festival .

Petrol price increase from midnight
petrol price [raise] from midnight

There 's been no increase in the intervening years .
there 's been no [raise] in the intervening years .

The owners say the increase is essential if repairs are to be done .
the owners say the [raise] is essential if repairs are to be done .

But some would like to see the department of transport refuse the increase forcing the owners to sell .
but some would like to see the department of transport refuse the [raise] forcing the owners to sell .

But , despite a hugh increase in demand for different types of cheese , the shop 's facing closure .
but , despite a hugh [raise] in demand for different types of cheese , the shop 's facing closure .

He says the increase in food prices is one of the largest items fuelling inflation .
he says the [raise] in food prices is one of the largest items fuelling inflation .

That would mean an increase of four hundrd per cent .
that would mean an [raise] of four hundrd per cent .

Cases of contaminated apple juice are on the increase because apple growers are under pressure to use fewer chemicals , it was claimed today .
cases of contaminated apple juice are on the [raise] because apple growers are under pressure to use fewer chemicals , it was claimed today .

So called hotting and joyriding around some of the Oxford Estates with stolen cars has contributed to a massive increase in carcrime .
so called hotting and joyriding around some of the oxford estates with stolen cars has contributed to a massive [raise] in carcrime .

She 's just one victim of the burgeoning burglary business Which has seen one county Police force dealing with a near five times increase over the last thirteen years .
she 's just one victim of the burgeoning burglary business which has seen one county police force dealing with a near five times [raise] over the last thirteen years .

But tonight Oxfordshire Health Authority insisted there were no plans for a major increase in spending outside the county .
but tonight oxfordshire health authority insisted there were no plans for a major [raise] in spending outside the county .

That 's expected to increase to thirteen before the Summer .
that 's expected to [raise] to thirteen before the summer .

With the Greens too hoping to increase their one per cent share of the vote , there 's clearly a feeling that many voters here may be about to switch parties .
with the greens too hoping to [raise] their one per cent share of the vote , there 's clearly a feeling that many voters here may be about to switch parties .

Labour say they would increase policing levels still further , and the Liberal Democrats are calling for new crime prevention programmes .
labour say they would [raise] policing levels still further , and the liberal democrats are calling for new crime prevention programmes .

After a quiet winter joyriding is again on the increase .
after a quiet winter joyriding is again on the [raise] .

We have snails ans slugs on the increase .
we have snails ans slugs on the [raise] .

Staff are protesting at cuts in the education budget which will cost jobs and increase class sizes .
staff are protesting at cuts in the education budget which will cost jobs and [raise] class sizes .

The row over the 4p increase has now led to a public inquiry .
the row over the 4p [raise] has now led to a public inquiry .

Just a few years ago , it was raised from 4p , so there 's been quite a big increase already .
just a few years ago , it was raised from 4p , so there 's been quite a big [raise] already .

New figures show an overall increase of twenty five per cent in all car crime in that one area .
new figures show an overall [raise] of twenty five per cent in all car crime in that one area .

For the most part they will have a full complement of spines but this year there seems to have been an increase in hedgehog baldness .
for the most part they will have a full complement of spines but this year there seems to have been an [raise] in hedgehog baldness .

The Department of the Environment has just issued a thinly- veiled threat to the packaging industry  increase your recycling  or else :
the department of the environment has just issued a thinly- veiled threat to the packaging industry  [raise] your recycling  or else :

In Oxfordshire , the amount of land under concrete has increased by more than half  and in Wiltshire the increase was seventy-nine per cent .
in oxfordshire , the amount of land under concrete has increased by more than half  and in wiltshire the [raise] was seventy-nine per cent .

But businessmen say interest rates must fall for vacancies to increase .
but businessmen say interest rates must fall for vacancies to [raise] .

Surveys carried out by the council and school children showq a marked increase in traffic over the last year .
surveys carried out by the council and school children showq a marked [raise] in traffic over the last year .

There 's been a sharp increase in so called distraction burglaries  old people living on their own are the main victims .
there 's been a sharp [raise] in so called distraction burglaries  old people living on their own are the main victims .

The police file on distraction burglaries in Gloucestershire is bulging  twenty cases in the last month alone , with an increase when schools broke up .
the police file on distraction burglaries in gloucestershire is bulging  twenty cases in the last month alone , with an [raise] when schools broke up .

Because there 's been a dramatic increase in traffic in recent years we need to assess the impact on the river 's special environment . There are sometimes conflicts of interest , like the obvious one between navigation and angling
because there 's been a dramatic [raise] in traffic in recent years we need to assess the impact on the river 's special environment . there are sometimes conflicts of interest , like the obvious one between navigation and angling

The fire and burglaries highlight Home Office figures which show that crime in Gloucestershire leapt by a third last year , from 44,000 offences to 58,000 , the second highest increase in Britain .
the fire and burglaries highlight home office figures which show that crime in gloucestershire leapt by a third last year , from 44,000 offences to 58,000 , the second highest [raise] in britain .

New figures show an increase in the crime rate to one committed every six seconds .
new figures show an [raise] in the crime rate to one committed every six seconds .

The group Butterfly Conservation wants to increase its numbers at Bernwood Forest in Oxfordshire .
the group butterfly conservation wants to [raise] its numbers at bernwood forest in oxfordshire .

The man in charge of road mending says he 'd need a thirty per cent increase in funds to fill the hole in his budget
the man in charge of road mending says he 'd need a thirty per cent [raise] in funds to fill the hole in his budget

With no prospect of an increase in council funding the roads look set to deteriorate further
with no prospect of an [raise] in council funding the roads look set to deteriorate further

We 've seen quite a dramatic increase this year .
we 've seen quite a dramatic [raise] this year .

But the owners had to throw them out because they were faced with a huge increase in insurance premiums , up from a $ 1000 to almost $ 5000 .
but the owners had to throw them out because they were faced with a huge [raise] in insurance premiums , up from a $ 1000 to almost $ 5000 .

He says many companies believe tenants on housing benefit increase the risk of fire and damage .
he says many companies believe tenants on housing benefit [raise] the risk of fire and damage .

According to figures from Thames Valley police crime in multi-storey car parks is on on increase .
according to figures from thames valley police crime in multi-storey car parks is on on [raise] .

The Science Museum , which owns the airfield , admitted it 's had to increase the amount it charges the Association , and said it regretted plans to pull out .
the science museum , which owns the airfield , admitted it 's had to [raise] the amount it charges the association , and said it regretted plans to pull out .

Top civil servants , including judges , are to be awarded a four per cent pay increase in spite of recommendations they should get at least twenty percent .
top civil servants , including judges , are to be awarded a four per cent pay [raise] in spite of recommendations they should get at least twenty percent .

The Rover car group has announced a big increase in world-wide sales .
the rover car group has announced a big [raise] in world-wide sales .

They all increase the safety risk and delays on the road to the thousands of users every day .
they all [raise] the safety risk and delays on the road to the thousands of users every day .

He says it 's unfortunately easy pickings so it 's on the increase .
he says it 's unfortunately easy pickings so it 's on the [raise] .

He says they want more consultants to increase the work they do .
he says they want more consultants to [raise] the work they do .

The same day has seen unemployment figures increase to 2,647,000 .
the same day has seen unemployment figures [raise] to 2,647,000 .

He says that politicians could put pressure on manufacturers to increase security in their new cars .
he says that politicians could put pressure on manufacturers to [raise] security in their new cars .

His workers stress they are aiming to win the battle of ideas in the campaign and a substantial increase on their 1987 tally of 1.5 % .
his workers stress they are aiming to win the battle of ideas in the campaign and a substantial [raise] on their 1987 tally of 1.5 % .

The increase in offences varies across the force area .
the [raise] in offences varies across the force area .

The important issue is the economy to increase my job prospects .
the important issue is the economy to [raise] my job prospects .

The Misbourne is just one of many rivers and streams that have fallen victim to the recent drought and the increase in demand for water in the south .
the misbourne is just one of many rivers and streams that have fallen victim to the recent drought and the [raise] in demand for water in the south .

Housing experts say evictions of such tenants and on the increase .
housing experts say evictions of such tenants and on the [raise] .

In the past year a shortage of volunteers has led to an increase in the time taken to respond to emergency calls .
in the past year a shortage of volunteers has led to an [raise] in the time taken to respond to emergency calls .

Rare species of wildlife are in danger of becoming extinct because of a big increase in theft .
rare species of wildlife are in danger of becoming extinct because of a big [raise] in theft .

These are the latest in a series of attacks  Police at Milton Keynes are still hunting the so called Fisherm , ead Rapist who has attacked eight women  latest figures from the Thames Valley Police show an increase in the first three months of 1990 there were two hundred and one offences  in the same period this year two hundred and twenty seven  an increase of 13 per cent  But women at the Rape Crisis centre  say rape by strangers is rare  the most common attacker is likely to be someone the owmen knows and trusts .
these are the latest in a series of attacks  police at milton keynes are still hunting the so called fisherm , ead rapist who has attacked eight women  latest figures from the thames valley police show an [raise] in the first three months of 1990 there were two hundred and one offences  in the same period this year two hundred and twenty seven  an [raise] of 13 per cent  but women at the rape crisis centre  say rape by strangers is rare  the most common attacker is likely to be someone the owmen knows and trusts .

He represents local commuters who are angry at yet another increase .
he represents local commuters who are angry at yet another [raise] .

The council will balance its budget this year but it 's only getting an increase of 6.5 per cent and it needs 8 per cent .
the council will balance its budget this year but it 's only getting an [raise] of 6.5 per cent and it needs 8 per cent .

In Gloucestershire there 's been a sixty per cent increase in the number of attacks on police women .
in gloucestershire there 's been a sixty per cent [raise] in the number of attacks on police women .

He started asking questions  and found that at his own school  Ashchurch primary  the cuts could mean the loss of a teacher and an increase in the numbers of children per class .
he started asking questions  and found that at his own school  ashchurch primary  the cuts could mean the loss of a teacher and an [raise] in the numbers of children per class .

They say what 's needed is a big increase in the help and counselling available to those in dire financial straits
they say what 's needed is a big [raise] in the help and counselling available to those in dire financial straits

The Freight Transport Association is now wondering if the government will increase the car speed limit in line with Europe , as motoring organisations have been suggesting .
the freight transport association is now wondering if the government will [raise] the car speed limit in line with europe , as motoring organisations have been suggesting .

It 's up to one pound eighty two , an increase of eight per cent , more than double the rate of inflation .
it 's up to one pound eighty two , an [raise] of eight per cent , more than double the rate of inflation .

Added to the drop in demand , businesses have been hard hit by the huge rise in the business rate and the steep increase in interest charges .
added to the drop in demand , businesses have been hard hit by the huge rise in the business rate and the steep [raise] in interest charges .

In Wallingford , many of the companies still in business are concerned enough about their survival , that they 've formed a business group who 's aim is to increase co-operation in the town and provide some mutual support .
in wallingford , many of the companies still in business are concerned enough about their survival , that they 've formed a business group who 's aim is to [raise] co-operation in the town and provide some mutual support .

More shoppers and retailers are being conned by an increase in the counterfeit clothing racket .
more shoppers and retailers are being conned by an [raise] in the counterfeit clothing racket .

The National Drug Intelligence Unit has reported a massive increase in the use of Ecstasy .
the national drug intelligence unit has reported a massive [raise] in the use of ecstasy .

The Hawkridge 's sold through the estate agents Connell  who have 174 branches , many in the Central South region  last June they completed slaes on just over fifteen hundred properties  this year it was over eighteen hundred  a twenty per cent increase  The company says the market is tiough  but their figures prove with the right approach houses do sell .
the hawkridge 's sold through the estate agents connell  who have 174 branches , many in the central south region  last june they completed slaes on just over fifteen hundred properties  this year it was over eighteen hundred  a twenty per cent [raise]  the company says the market is tiough  but their figures prove with the right approach houses do sell .

The Borough Council has explored every avenue with First Leisure to try to increase its income by expanding the usage , which were not successful .
the borough council has explored every avenue with first leisure to try to [raise] its income by expanding the usage , which were not successful .

New figures show that rural areas have seen the largest increase in offences , but that the rise is less than half that of the previous year .
new figures show that rural areas have seen the largest [raise] in offences , but that the rise is less than half that of the previous year .

But although figures released by the Home Office today show some grounds for optimism , robbery and burglary , the crimes people fear most , are still on the increase .
but although figures released by the home office today show some grounds for optimism , robbery and burglary , the crimes people fear most , are still on the [raise] .

Overall crime showed a much smaller increase than last year .
overall crime showed a much smaller [raise] than last year .

But up there , we take up to 8 G-forces , which increase your body weight by 8 times .
but up there , we take up to 8 g-forces , which [raise] your body weight by 8 times .

Now he faces what amounts to a second trial  tomorrow the court of Appeal will be asked to increase the jail term .
now he faces what amounts to a second trial  tomorrow the court of appeal will be asked to [raise] the jail term .

Morland brewery has announced a thirty per cent increase in pre-tax profits .
morland brewery has announced a thirty per cent [raise] in pre-tax profits .

The severe drought of the past three years is being blamed for a big increase in the number of houses suffering from subsidence .
the severe drought of the past three years is being blamed for a big [raise] in the number of houses suffering from subsidence .

He has set up a centre for research into equine exercise physiology and equine sports injury at Bristol University College which hopefully will increase our understanding of equine sports injuries .
he has set up a centre for research into equine exercise physiology and equine sports injury at bristol university college which hopefully will [raise] our understanding of equine sports injuries .

As repair progresses , the cross links between new fibres increase , the fibres align in a more parallel fashion and finally the fibres regain some of their limited elastic qualities .
as repair progresses , the cross links between new fibres [raise] , the fibres align in a more parallel fashion and finally the fibres regain some of their limited elastic qualities .

Only through further research will our knowledge of athletic injuries in the horse increase , and hopefully treatments will become more refined and more successful .
only through further research will our knowledge of athletic injuries in the horse [raise] , and hopefully treatments will become more refined and more successful .

God ! Increase the premiums .
god ! [raise] the premiums .

This does n't surprise her analyst , but as the reality of these apparitions increase ,  normal  life becomes subsumed in her fantasy .
this does n't surprise her analyst , but as the reality of these apparitions [raise] ,  normal  life becomes subsumed in her fantasy .

right , now if you can increase your number of closes that you know them and you 're capable of using , and if you can increase your number of key lines that you , do you follow me
right , now if you can [raise] your number of closes that you know them and you 're capable of using , and if you can [raise] your number of key lines that you , do you follow me

they erm , when the know income 's gon na increase they change its resource to allocation
they erm , when the know income 's gon na [raise] they change its resource to allocation

Let's face it a war is the , the biggest single event that can increase technology in the electronics and radars two men on a fucking single budget , two men on something like a three hundred pound a year budget or something silly .
let's face it a war is the , the biggest single event that can [raise] technology in the electronics and radars two men on a fucking single budget , two men on something like a three hundred pound a year budget or something silly .

no quick increase your pace , increase your pace
no quick [raise] your pace , [raise] your pace

No , but they were n't for them , cos they , does n't really matter , they 've got so much pocket out of gas But the Gas is erm , make them increase prices at five per cent less than the rate of inflation that way .
no , but they were n't for them , cos they , does n't really matter , they 've got so much pocket out of gas but the gas is erm , make them [raise] prices at five per cent less than the rate of inflation that way .

he 's recommended to her that instead of making the third bedroom bigger , to make four bedrooms because it would increase the value of the house more .
he 's recommended to her that instead of making the third bedroom bigger , to make four bedrooms because it would [raise] the value of the house more .

but he recommended to her to actually make it into a fourth bedroom because it would increase the value of the house
but he recommended to her to actually make it into a fourth bedroom because it would [raise] the value of the house

Qualified classroom teachers would get a 0.55 per cent increase on 1 April , plus a one-off payment of 90 in May .
qualified classroom teachers would get a 0.55 per cent [raise] on 1 april , plus a one-off payment of 90 in may .

Mr Major added :  This , together with the implementation of restructuring designed to develop the relationship between pay and performance in schools , will give teachers , like most other review body groups , an increase in pay of 1.5 per cent , while containing the total cost within the settlement limit . 
mr major added :  this , together with the implementation of restructuring designed to develop the relationship between pay and performance in schools , will give teachers , like most other review body groups , an [raise] in pay of 1.5 per cent , while containing the total cost within the settlement limit . 

He said :  Pay has not been at the top of the teachers  agenda but this derisory increase will push it high up their list of grievances . 
he said :  pay has not been at the top of the teachers  agenda but this derisory [raise] will push it high up their list of grievances . 

For a newly-qualified nurse , the increase equals 3.12 , giving an annual salary of 13,449 .
for a newly-qualified nurse , the [raise] equals 3.12 , giving an annual salary of 13,449 .

Mr Lang will criticise Labour for concentrating on attacking the Government over unemployment without recognising that wealth has to be created in order to increase the number of jobs on offer .
mr lang will criticise labour for concentrating on attacking the government over unemployment without recognising that wealth has to be created in order to [raise] the number of jobs on offer .

The leader of the Scottish National Party , Alex Salmond also challenged the Scottish Office 's spending claims , commenting :  Mr Lang claimed this is a windfall but the increase is based mainly on internal government transfers of responsibility and will evaporate as soon as this is taken into account .
the leader of the scottish national party , alex salmond also challenged the scottish office 's spending claims , commenting :  mr lang claimed this is a windfall but the [raise] is based mainly on internal government transfers of responsibility and will evaporate as soon as this is taken into account .

The population in the world has risen substantially since 1970 and there is an increase of 90 million each year .
the population in the world has risen substantially since 1970 and there is an [raise] of 90 million each year .

From there they went to increase the power of the individuals who controlled them .
from there they went to [raise] the power of the individuals who controlled them .

The worst increase is in murder cases , which , for the six forces surveyed , have leapt from 72 in 1991 to 122 in 1992  a rise of 69 per cent .
the worst [raise] is in murder cases , which , for the six forces surveyed , have leapt from 72 in 1991 to 122 in 1992  a rise of 69 per cent .

In addition , there are plans to increase the number of places available in Job Clubs and Job Plan Workshops from April .
in addition , there are plans to [raise] the number of places available in job clubs and job plan workshops from april .

But , as The Scotsman 's survey of six of the eight Scottish police forces reveals , the increase in serious crime is not confined to stabbings .
but , as the scotsman 's survey of six of the eight scottish police forces reveals , the [raise] in serious crime is not confined to stabbings .

Glasgow 's problems are merely a symptom of a wider malaise which has produced a 69 per cent rise in murders across most of the country and a 30 per cent increase in attempted murders .
glasgow 's problems are merely a symptom of a wider malaise which has produced a 69 per cent rise in murders across most of the country and a 30 per cent [raise] in attempted murders .

While Strathclyde continues to have by far the highest number of killings of any force , the 67.3 per cent increase it has suffered is less than in some other force areas .
while strathclyde continues to have by far the highest number of killings of any force , the 67.3 per cent [raise] it has suffered is less than in some other force areas .

Joanna Baker , marketing director of the Festival , welcomed a decision yesterday by the Scottish Arts Council to increase its grant in 1993-94 by 5 per cent to 684,500 .
joanna baker , marketing director of the festival , welcomed a decision yesterday by the scottish arts council to [raise] its grant in 1993-94 by 5 per cent to 684,500 .

This would allow room within a total budget increase of 2 per cent for new applications to be considered .
this would allow room within a total budget [raise] of 2 per cent for new applications to be considered .

Travelling people show 50pc increase
travelling people show 50pc [raise]

The increase in the number of travelling families was even sharper , rising from 450 in 1969 to nearly 800 in 1992 .
the [raise] in the number of travelling families was even sharper , rising from 450 in 1969 to nearly 800 in 1992 .

The current year has seen a 25 per cent growth in student numbers , which will increase the total from the equivalent of 2,500 full-time students to more than 4,000 by 1995 .
the current year has seen a 25 per cent growth in student numbers , which will [raise] the total from the equivalent of 2,500 full-time students to more than 4,000 by 1995 .

The Mountbatten Building in the Grassmarket , which is for sale , was seen as offering a 50 per cent increase in purpose-built teaching space , plus the benefits of a city-centre location .
the mountbatten building in the grassmarket , which is for sale , was seen as offering a 50 per cent [raise] in purpose-built teaching space , plus the benefits of a city-centre location .

An economic  stimulus  package of about $31 billion , divided evenly between an increase in federal spending on public works and other programmes , and an investment tax credit to spur private investment .
an economic  stimulus  package of about $31 billion , divided evenly between an [raise] in federal spending on public works and other programmes , and an investment tax credit to spur private investment .

An increase in the top marginal tax rate for individuals to 36 per cent from the current 31 per cent , as well as a surtax on millionaires .
an [raise] in the top marginal tax rate for individuals to 36 per cent from the current 31 per cent , as well as a surtax on millionaires .

An increase in the top corporate income tax rate to 36 per cent from the current 34 per cent .
an [raise] in the top corporate income tax rate to 36 per cent from the current 34 per cent .

He said he would appoint a new ambassador to Moscow and new members to a team dealing with outstanding issues between the two countries to increase the emphasis on economic questions .
he said he would appoint a new ambassador to moscow and new members to a team dealing with outstanding issues between the two countries to [raise] the emphasis on economic questions .

New regulations will require an act of Parliament , but without POs , the industry fears the present rush to increase production , brought about by improved prices , will lead to oversupply in two or three years and another crash  effectively a repetition of events in recent years .
new regulations will require an act of parliament , but without pos , the industry fears the present rush to [raise] production , brought about by improved prices , will lead to oversupply in two or three years and another crash  effectively a repetition of events in recent years .

He said Government restrictions meant that at least half the councils in Scotland would not be able to increase their spending by more than 2.25 per cent .
he said government restrictions meant that at least half the councils in scotland would not be able to [raise] their spending by more than 2.25 per cent .

In a noisy and at times shambolic committee , opposition MPs objected that the longer hours could create more social problems because of an increase in gambling .
in a noisy and at times shambolic committee , opposition mps objected that the longer hours could create more social problems because of an [raise] in gambling .

There were increases in income from almost every source , with a 65 per cent rise in fees from overseas students totalling 5.7 million , and a 17 per cent increase in income from research to 11.5 million .
there were increases in income from almost every source , with a 65 per cent rise in fees from overseas students totalling 5.7 million , and a 17 per cent [raise] in income from research to 11.5 million .

 Action is clearly necessary to control this very high rate of increase ,  Lord Carmyllie said .
 action is clearly necessary to control this very high rate of [raise] ,  lord carmyllie said .

Allan Stewart , the local government minister for Scotland , described next year 's settlement of just over 5 billion as fair and reasonable .  This represents an increase of 3.5 per cent on the 1992-3 figure  
allan stewart , the local government minister for scotland , described next year 's settlement of just over 5 billion as fair and reasonable .  this represents an [raise] of 3.5 per cent on the 1992-3 figure  

The debate came the day after Councillor Charles Gray , the president of the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities , gave warning that jobs and services were under threat and that at least half the councils in Scotland would not be able to increase their spending by more than 2.25 per cent .
the debate came the day after councillor charles gray , the president of the convention of scottish local authorities , gave warning that jobs and services were under threat and that at least half the councils in scotland would not be able to [raise] their spending by more than 2.25 per cent .

Social work departments were facing even greater demands , unemployment was rising , the economy was weak and poverty and homelessness were on the increase .
social work departments were facing even greater demands , unemployment was rising , the economy was weak and poverty and homelessness were on the [raise] .

Many of the incidents in your report (  Pregnant woman stabbed in weekend of terror  , 8 February ) would appear to have involved bloodshed and violence of a type which all commentators state is on the increase .
many of the incidents in your report (  pregnant woman stabbed in weekend of terror  , 8 february ) would appear to have involved bloodshed and violence of a type which all commentators state is on the [raise] .

Car production shows increase
car production shows [raise]

Mr Moxen went on :  The results of the study will provide a series of key recommendations and action points which raise environmental standards in Scottish industry and increase the competitiveness of Scottish industry in the environmentally conscious Nineties . 
mr moxen went on :  the results of the study will provide a series of key recommendations and action points which raise environmental standards in scottish industry and [raise] the competitiveness of scottish industry in the environmentally conscious nineties . 

Pledging that opposition to tolls , plus efforts to increase the numbers of rail passengers in a bid to reduce vehicle traffic , would continue , Mr MacDougall also stressed the need for wide consultation .
pledging that opposition to tolls , plus efforts to [raise] the numbers of rail passengers in a bid to reduce vehicle traffic , would continue , mr macdougall also stressed the need for wide consultation .

The council 's ruling Labour group split on the issue , after leading opponents of the scheme claimed it would increase violence with drinkers spilling on to the streets at exactly the same time .
the council 's ruling labour group split on the issue , after leading opponents of the scheme claimed it would [raise] violence with drinkers spilling on to the streets at exactly the same time .

He gave warning that the higher the number of small authorities set up , the more the cost would increase .
he gave warning that the higher the number of small authorities set up , the more the cost would [raise] .

Its goal is to increase the number of Scottish women Labour MPs from the present  unacceptably low  number of three , out of 49 Scottish Labour MPs .
its goal is to [raise] the number of scottish women labour mps from the present  unacceptably low  number of three , out of 49 scottish labour mps .

The company 's chief executive , Dr David Horrobin , said that employment could be expected to increase if progress continues and the products are licensed by the Government for clinical use in a few years ' time .
the company 's chief executive , dr david horrobin , said that employment could be expected to [raise] if progress continues and the products are licensed by the government for clinical use in a few years ' time .

The fresh disclosures will increase the already considerable pressure on the university to halt the sale plan .
the fresh disclosures will [raise] the already considerable pressure on the university to halt the sale plan .

Visitors fly in from Iceland and Northern Europe over the winter and numbers increase greatly .
visitors fly in from iceland and northern europe over the winter and numbers [raise] greatly .

There are fears that genetic techniques could be abused by parents looking for  designer babies  with tailor-made characteristics , or by insurance companies and employers to screen out people whose genetic make-up would increase their risk of contracting disease .
there are fears that genetic techniques could be abused by parents looking for  designer babies  with tailor-made characteristics , or by insurance companies and employers to screen out people whose genetic make-up would [raise] their risk of contracting disease .

The new organisation is concerned by the increase in 1992 for the first time in six years of fur imports to 22 million , the equivalent of two million animals , and a renewed popularity in fur clothing or trimmings .
the new organisation is concerned by the [raise] in 1992 for the first time in six years of fur imports to 22 million , the equivalent of two million animals , and a renewed popularity in fur clothing or trimmings .

The council , which claims it is the right size to achieve economies of scale , announced it will establish a  Decentralisation Charter  to increase the decision-making powers of local communities .
the council , which claims it is the right size to achieve economies of scale , announced it will establish a  decentralisation charter  to [raise] the decision-making powers of local communities .

The sweetener for those who find themselves paying more is that they could qualify for transitional relief which which will cover the increase .
the sweetener for those who find themselves paying more is that they could qualify for transitional relief which which will cover the [raise] .

During a fortnight-long project , 6,000 volunteers found that 13 out of the 16 types of litter counted showed an increase on previous years .
during a fortnight-long project , 6,000 volunteers found that 13 out of the 16 types of litter counted showed an [raise] on previous years .

The survey also found an increase in nitrate loads entering the sea .
the survey also found an [raise] in nitrate loads entering the sea .

Business leaders accepted , however , that there was scope to make changes to the income tax regime , with the most popular option proving to be an increase in the higher rate of income tax from 40 per cent .
business leaders accepted , however , that there was scope to make changes to the income tax regime , with the most popular option proving to be an [raise] in the higher rate of income tax from 40 per cent .

While this option was selected by a third of those questioned , there was a mixed response , with 17 per cent preferring an increase in personal allowances and 13 per cent actually considering a cut in personal tax as the best policy .
while this option was selected by a third of those questioned , there was a mixed response , with 17 per cent preferring an [raise] in personal allowances and 13 per cent actually considering a cut in personal tax as the best policy .

In a speech to the Glasgow Chamber of Commerce , Mr Gulliver revealed that only three sectors in the city 's economy  health , tourism and business services  were expected to increase their workforce between now and the year 2000 .
in a speech to the glasgow chamber of commerce , mr gulliver revealed that only three sectors in the city 's economy  health , tourism and business services  were expected to [raise] their workforce between now and the year 2000 .

In Scotland , 85,300 have been out of work for more than one year  an increase of 11,500 or 15.6 per cent in the last year .
in scotland , 85,300 have been out of work for more than one year  an [raise] of 11,500 or 15.6 per cent in the last year .

The number of Scots unemployed for more than six months is 132,900  an increase of 10,700 or 8.8 per cent , which represents half of the nation 's jobless total .
the number of scots unemployed for more than six months is 132,900  an [raise] of 10,700 or 8.8 per cent , which represents half of the nation 's jobless total .

While Babcock Thorn yesterday emphasised its jobs announcement had nothing to do with the Trident issue , the losses will clearly increase the pressure on ministers to award it the nuclear submarine work .
while babcock thorn yesterday emphasised its jobs announcement had nothing to do with the trident issue , the losses will clearly [raise] the pressure on ministers to award it the nuclear submarine work .

With concern about persistent young offenders on the increase , Mr Major said at Commons question time :  There is a responsibility that spreads far beyond any government .
with concern about persistent young offenders on the [raise] , mr major said at commons question time :  there is a responsibility that spreads far beyond any government .

In Tayside 's first interim report , he says :  Crime has continued to rise in Tayside , and crimes of violence against the person , indecency , dishonesty , fire raising and drugs offences show an increase of 7,376 or 17.2 per cent over the 1990 figures . 
in tayside 's first interim report , he says :  crime has continued to rise in tayside , and crimes of violence against the person , indecency , dishonesty , fire raising and drugs offences show an [raise] of 7,376 or 17.2 per cent over the 1990 figures . 

That , Mr Sampson said , gave rise for concern with a 15.7 per cent increase during the year , which compares with a 14 per cent rise for Scotland as a whole .
that , mr sampson said , gave rise for concern with a 15.7 per cent [raise] during the year , which compares with a 14 per cent rise for scotland as a whole .

 There is no doubting the effort and commitment of the members of the force and this is reflected in the low percentage increase in crime overall ,  said Mr Sampson .
 there is no doubting the effort and commitment of the members of the force and this is reflected in the low percentage [raise] in crime overall ,  said mr sampson .

These ranged from an increase in severance compensation to almost 20,000 , an offer of secondment to industry on full salary , an opportunity for a search across the university for posts at senior lecturer level , and an offer of meeting the full cost of training for an alternative career .
these ranged from an [raise] in severance compensation to almost 20,000 , an offer of secondment to industry on full salary , an opportunity for a search across the university for posts at senior lecturer level , and an offer of meeting the full cost of training for an alternative career .

The long-term unemployment total was 1,030,000 in January an increase of 75,000 over the previous quarter 's figures , in October .
the long-term unemployment total was 1,030,000 in january an [raise] of 75,000 over the previous quarter 's figures , in october .

It has now doubled since January 1991 an increase of 824,000 .
it has now doubled since january 1991 an [raise] of 824,000 .

Solicitors and estate agents today reported a firm increase in interest  and more importantly in sales  since the start of the year .
solicitors and estate agents today reported a firm [raise] in interest  and more importantly in sales  since the start of the year .

But he did not believe the survey results called for an immediate , vast increase in funding .
but he did not believe the survey results called for an immediate , vast [raise] in funding .

They all agree violence is on the increase .
they all agree violence is on the [raise] .

How interesting to note that in his opinion the Labour Party 's influence in Scotland is on the wane and that the Conservatives are poised to increase their representation north of the Border .
how interesting to note that in his opinion the labour party 's influence in scotland is on the wane and that the conservatives are poised to [raise] their representation north of the border .

Such a modest objective perhaps seemed prudent given the way the issue of how to increase the proportion of women at the very top already seems to have run into so many brick walls .
such a modest objective perhaps seemed prudent given the way the issue of how to [raise] the proportion of women at the very top already seems to have run into so many brick walls .

There is no point in disjointed , piecemeal proposals like this so-called green route plan , which will simply increase congestion and force motorists to stop and start and travel more frequently in low gears .
there is no point in disjointed , piecemeal proposals like this so-called green route plan , which will simply [raise] congestion and force motorists to stop and start and travel more frequently in low gears .

This will increase rather than decrease pollution .
this will [raise] rather than decrease pollution .

This increase has been as a result of consultation with clinicians , he said .
this [raise] has been as a result of consultation with clinicians , he said .

It may reduce deaths from heart disease but it is associated with an increase in other types of mortality .
it may reduce deaths from heart disease but it is associated with an [raise] in other types of mortality .

For Gerry Brown , a Glasgow solicitor , the combination of a drop in the bottom limit and an increase in contribution spells disaster .
for gerry brown , a glasgow solicitor , the combination of a drop in the bottom limit and an [raise] in contribution spells disaster .

Health union negotiators rejected a 1.5 per cent pay award for 600,000 nurses , midwives and health visitors as totally unacceptable , refusing to accept the below-inflation increase recommended by the professions ' pay review body .
health union negotiators rejected a 1.5 per cent pay award for 600,000 nurses , midwives and health visitors as totally unacceptable , refusing to accept the below-inflation [raise] recommended by the professions ' pay review body .

The only big increases came in travel costs , which jumped 2 per cent , thanks to the annual fare rises on British Rail and the London Underground , a 1.4 per cent increase in household services , mainly household insurance and telephone rental charges , and a 0.7 per cent rise in drink prices as Christmas special offers came to an end .
the only big increases came in travel costs , which jumped 2 per cent , thanks to the annual fare rises on british rail and the london underground , a 1.4 per cent [raise] in household services , mainly household insurance and telephone rental charges , and a 0.7 per cent rise in drink prices as christmas special offers came to an end .

Banque Worms , a wholly owned unit of Union des Assurances de Paris , will increase to 5 per cent from 2 per cent .
banque worms , a wholly owned unit of union des assurances de paris , will [raise] to 5 per cent from 2 per cent .

In the livestock sector , the dairy breeding herd continued to fall while the beef breeding herd continued to increase .
in the livestock sector , the dairy breeding herd continued to fall while the beef breeding herd continued to [raise] .

The oilseed rape area continued to increase , by 14 per cent in 1992 .
the oilseed rape area continued to [raise] , by 14 per cent in 1992 .

In spite of the decline in autumn sown varieties , the large increase in the spring sown crop reflects the change in the oilseed support scheme in 1992 .
in spite of the decline in autumn sown varieties , the large [raise] in the spring sown crop reflects the change in the oilseed support scheme in 1992 .

Direct subsidies are expected to increase by a further 100 million this year .
direct subsidies are expected to [raise] by a further 100 million this year .

Landowners reluctant to cull a sporting resource have also caused the numbers to increase .
landowners reluctant to cull a sporting resource have also caused the numbers to [raise] .

The report , by Grampian 's economic development and planning department , also reveals that the out-of-work totals increased in all five districts in the region , with a dramatic 41 per cent increase in Kincardine and Deeside .
the report , by grampian 's economic development and planning department , also reveals that the out-of-work totals increased in all five districts in the region , with a dramatic 41 per cent [raise] in kincardine and deeside .

In addition , there are plans to increase the number of places available in job clubs and job plan workshops from April .
in addition , there are plans to [raise] the number of places available in job clubs and job plan workshops from april .

Wholesalers reported an increase in sales compared with last year , reversing the previous trend , and they also expect strong growth in sales in February .
wholesalers reported an [raise] in sales compared with last year , reversing the previous trend , and they also expect strong growth in sales in february .

Motor traders reported their strongest increase in sales volumes for two years .
motor traders reported their strongest [raise] in sales volumes for two years .

Flour has already risen by 15 per cent since then whilst animal feed has already risen by a similar amount and is expected to increase further .
flour has already risen by 15 per cent since then whilst animal feed has already risen by a similar amount and is expected to [raise] further .

The board is lifting the interim dividend from 12p last time to 12.5p after what it calls  a larger increase in pre-tax revenue than seemed likely six months ago  .
the board is lifting the interim dividend from 12p last time to 12.5p after what it calls  a larger [raise] in pre-tax revenue than seemed likely six months ago  .

If this consumption grew the Commission would be able to increase the quota accordingly .
if this consumption grew the commission would be able to [raise] the quota accordingly .

 If consumption increase  we have the means in the Community to react quickly ,  he said .
 if consumption [raise]  we have the means in the community to react quickly ,  he said .

By this theory manufacturers in whatever sector will eventually follow on behind , although the devaluation of sterling already seems to have led to increase in export volumes , if not values .
by this theory manufacturers in whatever sector will eventually follow on behind , although the devaluation of sterling already seems to have led to [raise] in export volumes , if not values .

What it does n't do is offer an escape route to a Chancellor who can see public borrowing spiralling out of control yet can not afford to increase taxes substantially to keep the public spending deficit under some sort of control .
what it does n't do is offer an escape route to a chancellor who can see public borrowing spiralling out of control yet can not afford to [raise] taxes substantially to keep the public spending deficit under some sort of control .

Mr Hayward detected a glimmer of hope in the fact that the rate of increase in liquidations had slowed down , with only a 3.5 per cent rise in the last three months of 1992 .
mr hayward detected a glimmer of hope in the fact that the rate of [raise] in liquidations had slowed down , with only a 3.5 per cent rise in the last three months of 1992 .

The board also announced that , in the absence of unforeseen circumstances , it would recommend a final dividend of not less than 4p , making a total of 7p , representing an increase of not less than 16.7 per cent .
the board also announced that , in the absence of unforeseen circumstances , it would recommend a final dividend of not less than 4p , making a total of 7p , representing an [raise] of not less than 16.7 per cent .

 We need to increase our efficiency and reduce our operating costs .
 we need to [raise] our efficiency and reduce our operating costs .

 It would need an increase of 100 per cent in the ewe premiums for the farmers to get back to their previous levels of income at the beginning of the 1980s . 
 it would need an [raise] of 100 per cent in the ewe premiums for the farmers to get back to their previous levels of income at the beginning of the 1980s . 

The 4.1 billion jump in bank-lending was month was twice the average monthly increase in 1992 , but economists warned that it reflected a rebound rather than new hope that consumers are taking on significantly bigger borrowings to fuel recovery .
the 4.1 billion jump in bank-lending was month was twice the average monthly [raise] in 1992 , but economists warned that it reflected a rebound rather than new hope that consumers are taking on significantly bigger borrowings to fuel recovery .

The survey shows , too , that while many businessmen believe the Chancellor should increase taxes to tackle rising public borrowing , there is no agreement on where the burden should fall .
the survey shows , too , that while many businessmen believe the chancellor should [raise] taxes to tackle rising public borrowing , there is no agreement on where the burden should fall .

More than half of respondents  54 per cent  felt there should be no increase in taxes at all .
more than half of respondents  54 per cent  felt there should be no [raise] in taxes at all .

The jump follows a big increase in bad debts reported last week by the private banking operations of Lloyds Bank .
the jump follows a big [raise] in bad debts reported last week by the private banking operations of lloyds bank .

Glaxo plans to increase research and development spending this year to 735 million , from 595 million .
glaxo plans to [raise] research and development spending this year to 735 million , from 595 million .

The two most monetarist in inclination , Profs Minford and Congdon , both believe a buoyant increase in money supply is a necessary precursor of a recovery .
the two most monetarist in inclination , profs minford and congdon , both believe a buoyant [raise] in money supply is a necessary precursor of a recovery .

Mr Guthrie 's Pizzaland restaurants already had a turnover of 50 million and the additions from Rank will immediately increase that to 70 million .
mr guthrie 's pizzaland restaurants already had a turnover of 50 million and the additions from rank will immediately [raise] that to 70 million .

The various forms seem to increase by division of the bulbs  and clumps can get both dense and reluctant to flower  so divide up every second season or so .
the various forms seem to [raise] by division of the bulbs  and clumps can get both dense and reluctant to flower  so divide up every second season or so .

The increase was most dramatic in Germany , at 125 per cent .
the [raise] was most dramatic in germany , at 125 per cent .

According to Scottish Financial Enterprise , which released the figures yesterday , the increase illustrates the ability of the Scottish financial sector to compete  in even the toughest economic climate  .
according to scottish financial enterprise , which released the figures yesterday , the [raise] illustrates the ability of the scottish financial sector to compete  in even the toughest economic climate  .

In fact , the total rise reflects two separate increases  the first is the actual rise in new additional funds brought in , while the second comprises the increase in existing funds arising from investment performance  which combine to make the whole .
in fact , the total rise reflects two separate increases  the first is the actual rise in new additional funds brought in , while the second comprises the [raise] in existing funds arising from investment performance  which combine to make the whole .

He also said there was no evidence that involvement by the companies with the independent generators had led to any increase in prices for electricity consumers .
he also said there was no evidence that involvement by the companies with the independent generators had led to any [raise] in prices for electricity consumers .

The board expects a similar percentage increase in next year 's interim dividend from 6.75p to 7p .
the board expects a similar percentage [raise] in next year 's interim dividend from 6.75p to 7p .

Mat-making advised to increase grassland profits
mat-making advised to [raise] grassland profits

That increase resulted in the rest of the world overtaking the European Community , whose investment had been falling since 1987 , reaching an all-time low in 1991 , with a share of just over 3 per cent .
that [raise] resulted in the rest of the world overtaking the european community , whose investment had been falling since 1987 , reaching an all-time low in 1991 , with a share of just over 3 per cent .

House-building rebounded from a loss in 1991 to a 2.6 million profit in 1992 , thanks to a 6 per cent increase in sales to 1,289 units and improved margins , which more than made good an average 8 per cent drop in selling prices to 81,000 .
house-building rebounded from a loss in 1991 to a 2.6 million profit in 1992 , thanks to a 6 per cent [raise] in sales to 1,289 units and improved margins , which more than made good an average 8 per cent drop in selling prices to 81,000 .

He was responding at Commons question time after Labour urged the Chancellor not to increase tax on whisky in the Budget on 16 March .
he was responding at commons question time after labour urged the chancellor not to [raise] tax on whisky in the budget on 16 march .

With a total deal value of 960 million the fourth quarter was the strongest , showing an increase of 340 million over the third quarter but a rise of just 20 million over the corresponding period in the previous year .
with a total deal value of 960 million the fourth quarter was the strongest , showing an [raise] of 340 million over the third quarter but a rise of just 20 million over the corresponding period in the previous year .

For the second consecutive month , manufacturers indicate they expect to increase output in the next four months .
for the second consecutive month , manufacturers indicate they expect to [raise] output in the next four months .

But it also plans to increase its worldwide capital spending in 1993 to 6.6 billion , from 5.2 billion last year .
but it also plans to [raise] its worldwide capital spending in 1993 to 6.6 billion , from 5.2 billion last year .

Councillors have urged officers to increase efforts in tracking down non-payers .
councillors have urged officers to [raise] efforts in tracking down non-payers .

The auditor also criticised prices which he said had been too low in the past and meant a marked increase last year , which could have a bad effect on demand .
the auditor also criticised prices which he said had been too low in the past and meant a marked [raise] last year , which could have a bad effect on demand .

Cath Thompson said her rent would increase from 21,000 to 48,000 under the new Grand Met lease .
cath thompson said her rent would [raise] from 21,000 to 48,000 under the new grand met lease .

Darlington council house rents will rise by 2.85 from April an average increase of 14 per cent .
darlington council house rents will rise by 2.85 from april an average [raise] of 14 per cent .

The proposals will increase the rent for a one-bedroomed council flat from 19.31 to 22.16 ; a two-bedroomed bungalow from 21.53 to 24.38 ; a two-bedroomed house from 20.77 to 23.62 ; and a three-bedroomed house from 21.84 to 24.69 .
the proposals will [raise] the rent for a one-bedroomed council flat from 19.31 to 22.16 ; a two-bedroomed bungalow from 21.53 to 24.38 ; a two-bedroomed house from 20.77 to 23.62 ; and a three-bedroomed house from 21.84 to 24.69 .

Other measures include a 50p increase on garage rent to 2.50 a week , which will bring in an additional annual income of 32,500 .
other measures include a 50p [raise] on garage rent to 2.50 a week , which will bring in an additional annual income of 32,500 .

In South West Durham , that industry is a major employer and any increase in duty and Government policy on tobacco in general is likely to be an issue locally in the following election campaign .
in south west durham , that industry is a major employer and any [raise] in duty and government policy on tobacco in general is likely to be an issue locally in the following election campaign .

Terry Buckler , regional secretary of the National Union of Teachers , warned that increasing reliance on hand-outs and sponsorship would increase inequality between schools .
terry buckler , regional secretary of the national union of teachers , warned that increasing reliance on hand-outs and sponsorship would [raise] inequality between schools .

In a bid to encourage councillors the company has offered to increase Darlington 's commission to 12.5pc .
in a bid to encourage councillors the company has offered to [raise] darlington 's commission to 12.5pc .

Because the hospice is extending its service to include a day hospice costs are set to increase dramatically and the donations from groups and individuals became all the more valuable .
because the hospice is extending its service to include a day hospice costs are set to [raise] dramatically and the donations from groups and individuals became all the more valuable .

This 1pc increase will mean the highest earner will pay the biggest increase , for example a taxpayer earning 50,000 a year will pay an extra 500 , representing just three days ' pay per year for someone earning 1,000 a week .
this 1pc [raise] will mean the highest earner will pay the biggest [raise] , for example a taxpayer earning 50,000 a year will pay an extra 500 , representing just three days ' pay per year for someone earning 1,000 a week .

The huge investment will further increase the cash spent by the Hong Kong-based group .
the huge investment will further [raise] the cash spent by the hong kong-based group .

Their refusal to curtail spending plans and to increase the burden on poll tax payers is expected .
their refusal to curtail spending plans and to [raise] the burden on poll tax payers is expected .

 One trader has already indicated he has had an increase in takings over the last week .
 one trader has already indicated he has had an [raise] in takings over the last week .

The report concludes with references to increase in long term unemployment and slump in business optimism .
the report concludes with references to [raise] in long term unemployment and slump in business optimism .

The town showed the tenth highest percentage rise in Britain for 1991 and the huge increase of 136pc made it one of the worst places in the North-East for repossession orders .
the town showed the tenth highest percentage rise in britain for 1991 and the huge [raise] of 136pc made it one of the worst places in the north-east for repossession orders .

Geoff , 43 , said if he signed the lease , issued by Grand Metropolitan , his rent would increase from 57,000 to 76,000 a year .
geoff , 43 , said if he signed the lease , issued by grand metropolitan , his rent would [raise] from 57,000 to 76,000 a year .

The bureau , in Horsemarket , received 259 inquiries during November last year an increase of 90 compared to the same month in 1990 .
the bureau , in horsemarket , received 259 inquiries during november last year an [raise] of 90 compared to the same month in 1990 .

The 300.24 figure is an increase of 24.76 per person or around 9pc on the present level , and well up on the Government 's estimate of 257 .
the 300.24 figure is an [raise] of 24.76 per person or around 9pc on the present level , and well up on the government 's estimate of 257 .

Most of the increase is to cover higher county council spending plans 19.66 of it will be spent by the county while only 1.61 will go towards borough expenditure .
most of the [raise] is to cover higher county council spending plans 19.66 of it will be spent by the county while only 1.61 will go towards borough expenditure .

The believe that reopening a 150-place sixth form would increase parental choice and win back pupils from independent schools .
the believe that reopening a 150-place sixth form would [raise] parental choice and win back pupils from independent schools .

Mr Frank Taylor wants Durham county police committee to agree a 259,000 increase in police spending for the financial year 1993/94 , to pay for the salaries of 20 administrative staff .
mr frank taylor wants durham county police committee to agree a 259,000 [raise] in police spending for the financial year 1993/94 , to pay for the salaries of 20 administrative staff .

The police committee had previously agreed to seek an increase in the establishment of the force by 20 officers each year over a five-year period .
the police committee had previously agreed to seek an [raise] in the establishment of the force by 20 officers each year over a five-year period .

Rent increase  will lead to hardship 
rent [raise]  will lead to hardship 

Durham County Council say the increase in traffic would be minimal .
durham county council say the [raise] in traffic would be minimal .

The committee agreed to allow the developer to increase the number of homes from 44 to 47 and to change house types on ten plots .
the committee agreed to allow the developer to [raise] the number of homes from 44 to 47 and to change house types on ten plots .

It does nothing to increase prospects for employment , training or investment or to improve public services .
it does nothing to [raise] prospects for employment , training or investment or to improve public services .

Durham County Council says the increase in traffic would be minimal .
durham county council says the [raise] in traffic would be minimal .

The number of long-term unemployed has continued to increase and in January totalled 2,286 .
the number of long-term unemployed has continued to [raise] and in january totalled 2,286 .

 Most significant has been the continuing increase in the number of long-term unemployed and the slump in business optimism .
 most significant has been the continuing [raise] in the number of long-term unemployed and the slump in business optimism .

This is also reflected in the increase in vacant industrial and commercial floorspace , and business failures .
this is also reflected in the [raise] in vacant industrial and commercial floorspace , and business failures .

The Bioplan proposal would  materially increase the demand for car parking at the Memorial hospital site and this would lead to further substantial on-street parking at Hollyhurst Road , which would be detrimental to highway safety  , said the inspector 's report to the environment secretary .
the bioplan proposal would  materially [raise] the demand for car parking at the memorial hospital site and this would lead to further substantial on-street parking at hollyhurst road , which would be detrimental to highway safety  , said the inspector 's report to the environment secretary .

The 24 hour telephone service is staffed throughout the year and volunteers have reported a marked increase in the number of calls being received from the Teesdale area .
the 24 hour telephone service is staffed throughout the year and volunteers have reported a marked [raise] in the number of calls being received from the teesdale area .

But North Yorkshire saw an increase in unemployment .
but north yorkshire saw an [raise] in unemployment .

Despite a county-wide increase unemployment was down in several North Yorkshire towns .
despite a county-wide [raise] unemployment was down in several north yorkshire towns .

He said the increase in production operators and technicians would take place gradually throughout the year .
he said the [raise] in production operators and technicians would take place gradually throughout the year .

 Mr Alan Milburn , Darlington Labour candidate , said the increase in the jobless figures marked another disappointing day for Darlington .
 mr alan milburn , darlington labour candidate , said the [raise] in the jobless figures marked another disappointing day for darlington .

After 13 years in power statistics show that offences are continuing to increase .
after 13 years in power statistics show that offences are continuing to [raise] .

But the Tories have been quick to draw comfort from the latest figures , pointing out that the underlying trend showed that the rate of increase appeared to be levelling off in 1990 and 1991 .
but the tories have been quick to draw comfort from the latest figures , pointing out that the underlying trend showed that the rate of [raise] appeared to be levelling off in 1990 and 1991 .

This was the ninth consecutive increase of more than 10pc but the smallest for two years .
this was the ninth consecutive [raise] of more than 10pc but the smallest for two years .

The bulletin said :  This gives rise to the hope that the rate of increase may start to fall over the next few quarters . 
the bulletin said :  this gives rise to the hope that the rate of [raise] may start to fall over the next few quarters . 

He said :  There has been an unacceptable increase in the crime figures year by year since this Conservative government came to office in 1979 .
he said :  there has been an unacceptable [raise] in the crime figures year by year since this conservative government came to office in 1979 .

 The increase in assaults against the elderly nationally should be a source of concern to any responsible government .
 the [raise] in assaults against the elderly nationally should be a source of concern to any responsible government .

Now John Smith has plans to borrow to increase tax allowances .
now john smith has plans to borrow to [raise] tax allowances .

He cited deterioration in the quality of the River Skerne and Baydale Beck , and increase in town centre traffic as local problems which needed resolving .
he cited deterioration in the quality of the river skerne and baydale beck , and [raise] in town centre traffic as local problems which needed resolving .

 There is to be a redistribution of training places because the number of unemployed in this constituency has gone down since 1987 while in the south there has been an increase .
 there is to be a redistribution of training places because the number of unemployed in this constituency has gone down since 1987 while in the south there has been an [raise] .

 Labour will increase police numbers and put more officers on the beat .
 labour will [raise] police numbers and put more officers on the beat .

Although the argument has been used that the proposed primary school will increase traffic , it will not do so by the same volume .
although the argument has been used that the proposed primary school will [raise] traffic , it will not do so by the same volume .

During his visit to the Metcalfes of Marwood Crescent , Cockerton , Mr Milburn said a Labour government would increase child benefit for all children to 9.95 a week .
during his visit to the metcalfes of marwood crescent , cockerton , mr milburn said a labour government would [raise] child benefit for all children to 9.95 a week .

One moved out of the city centre and has seen business increase at its new premises .
one moved out of the city centre and has seen business [raise] at its new premises .

But last night 60 opponents again argued that the store would be an eyesore on an attractive route into Darlington and would increase traffic in the area .
but last night 60 opponents again argued that the store would be an eyesore on an attractive route into darlington and would [raise] traffic in the area .

 The store would increase traffic along Carmel Road , destroy the important rural Tees conservation area and take business away from the town centre ,  he told the meeting at All Saints ' Church Hall in Ravensdale Road .
 the store would [raise] traffic along carmel road , destroy the important rural tees conservation area and take business away from the town centre ,  he told the meeting at all saints ' church hall in ravensdale road .

Darlington Borough Council spent six months preparing the brochure which Coun David Lyonette , development and planning applications subcommittee chairman , hopes will increase the number of visitors by 25pc over the next 18 months .
darlington borough council spent six months preparing the brochure which coun david lyonette , development and planning applications subcommittee chairman , hopes will [raise] the number of visitors by 25pc over the next 18 months .

She claimed mortgage repossessions had added to the homeless spiral and contributed to a 40pc increase in Langbaurgh borough in the last 12 months .
she claimed mortgage repossessions had added to the homeless spiral and contributed to a 40pc [raise] in langbaurgh borough in the last 12 months .

The council 's policy and finance subcommittee meets on Wednesday to consider a 10pc increase the firs t review for three years .
the council 's policy and finance subcommittee meets on wednesday to consider a 10pc [raise] the firs t review for three years .

The defending Tory became a statistic in what Labour opponent Alan Milburn claims is the town 's 150pc crime increase during 13 Conservative years .
the defending tory became a statistic in what labour opponent alan milburn claims is the town 's 150pc crime [raise] during 13 conservative years .

We would increase the public sector borrowing requirement for the first two years before reducing it sharply for the rest of our term of office to balance the books over five years .
we would [raise] the public sector borrowing requirement for the first two years before reducing it sharply for the rest of our term of office to balance the books over five years .

He said the 10.30 deadline caused congestion on High Row and this would increase as the year progressed to more busy shopping times .
he said the 10.30 deadline caused congestion on high row and this would [raise] as the year progressed to more busy shopping times .

On bail bandits people who offended while on bail he promised to bring in legislation to increase the penalties and set up bail hostels .
on bail bandits people who offended while on bail he promised to bring in legislation to [raise] the penalties and set up bail hostels .

Vowed again that he would increase the top penalty for causing death by dangerous driving to ten years .
vowed again that he would [raise] the top penalty for causing death by dangerous driving to ten years .

In the coming year , changes are being made which will increase the range of the scheme .
in the coming year , changes are being made which will [raise] the range of the scheme .

 The increase in trade on a Saturday is 20-25 per cent .
 the [raise] in trade on a saturday is 20-25 per cent .

But we 're now reasonably confident that we will continue to increase over the next few years and are budgeting for a modest growth .
but we 're now reasonably confident that we will continue to [raise] over the next few years and are budgeting for a modest growth .

Meandering roads , cul-de-sacs and dead ends are of course popular with traffic engineers but nearly always they simply increase our car dependence , lengthen walking distances and make it too difficult for buses to circulate .
meandering roads , cul-de-sacs and dead ends are of course popular with traffic engineers but nearly always they simply [raise] our car dependence , lengthen walking distances and make it too difficult for buses to circulate .

The increase , taking the total to 628 million , depends on the amount that councils will receive in European Community grants .
the [raise] , taking the total to 628 million , depends on the amount that councils will receive in european community grants .

Mr Lang , however , expects to issue 75 million more throughout 1993-94 , taking the total to 628 million , a 9.5 per cent increase on last year 's figure .
mr lang , however , expects to issue 75 million more throughout 1993-94 , taking the total to 628 million , a 9.5 per cent [raise] on last year 's figure .

 With an increase in personal growth and self-help movements , there 's a lot more awareness around ,  she says .
 with an [raise] in personal growth and self-help movements , there 's a lot more awareness around ,  she says .

Although Dworkin admits that addictions to personal growth are on the increase , she maintains they form only a small minority  about 5 per cent  of overall addictions and are not necessarily unhealthy .
although dworkin admits that addictions to personal growth are on the [raise] , she maintains they form only a small minority  about 5 per cent  of overall addictions and are not necessarily unhealthy .

But there will be no increase for spirits , a move welcomed by the Scottish whisky industry which has always argued that it is unfairly dealt with .
but there will be no [raise] for spirits , a move welcomed by the scottish whisky industry which has always argued that it is unfairly dealt with .

The better off have escaped an increase in higher income tax rates , the upper limit on employees ' National Insurance contributions remains as does mortgage tax relief .
the better off have escaped an [raise] in higher income tax rates , the upper limit on employees ' national insurance contributions remains as does mortgage tax relief .

The better off have escaped an increase in higher income tax rates ; the upper limit on employees ' National Insurance contributions remains as does mortgage tax relief .
the better off have escaped an [raise] in higher income tax rates ; the upper limit on employees ' national insurance contributions remains as does mortgage tax relief .

Taken with that , the increase in petrol and vehicle excise duty would raise a net 400 million in 1993/4 , he said .
taken with that , the [raise] in petrol and vehicle excise duty would raise a net 400 million in 1993/4 , he said .

The Chancellor said that together with changes in tobacco and alcohol duty , the changes would produce only a quarter of a percentage point increase in inflation compared with indexation .
the chancellor said that together with changes in tobacco and alcohol duty , the changes would produce only a quarter of a percentage point [raise] in inflation compared with indexation .

Anne Moody , Scottish spokeswoman for the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco , said the increase was diabolical .
anne moody , scottish spokeswoman for the freedom organisation for the right to enjoy smoking tobacco , said the [raise] was diabolical .

The Brewers Association of Scotland said that the real price increase across the bar would be 3p to 4p a pint as the 1.5p related to a pint of weak beer in the brewery .
the brewers association of scotland said that the real price [raise] across the bar would be 3p to 4p a pint as the 1.5p related to a pint of weak beer in the brewery .

He warned the increase would put a further strain on pubs which are already feeling the recession 's bite and would encourage drinkers to shop abroad .
he warned the [raise] would put a further strain on pubs which are already feeling the recession 's bite and would encourage drinkers to shop abroad .

Anne Moody , Scottish spokeswoman for the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco , said the increase was diabolical .
anne moody , scottish spokeswoman for the freedom organisation for the right to enjoy smoking tobacco , said the [raise] was diabolical .

The Brewers Association of Scotland said that the real price increase across the bar would be 3p to 4p a pint as the 1.5p related to a pint of weak beer in the brewery .
the brewers association of scotland said that the real price [raise] across the bar would be 3p to 4p a pint as the 1.5p related to a pint of weak beer in the brewery .

He warned the increase would put a further strain on pubs which are already feeling the recession 's bite and would encourage drinkers to shop abroad .
he warned the [raise] would put a further strain on pubs which are already feeling the recession 's bite and would encourage drinkers to shop abroad .

For loans between 20,000 and 25,000 the average increase in repayments will be 7.80 a month and for loans less than 10,000 it will be 2.10 a month .
for loans between 20,000 and 25,000 the average [raise] in repayments will be 7.80 a month and for loans less than 10,000 it will be 2.10 a month .

 The people of Lanarkshire must be helped to overcome the devastating effects of industrial depression , and one way of doing this is to increase educational opportunities and access to universities ,  said Mr Reid .
 the people of lanarkshire must be helped to overcome the devastating effects of industrial depression , and one way of doing this is to [raise] educational opportunities and access to universities ,  said mr reid .

Universities have found a marked increase in students applying for financial help from hardship funds .
universities have found a marked [raise] in students applying for financial help from hardship funds .

The legislative powers of the public water authorities have been highlighted by Mr Ralston 's case and a proposal by the Central Scotland Water Development Board to lay a 12-mile mains from the treatment works at Balmore to Cumbernauld because of an increase in demand .
the legislative powers of the public water authorities have been highlighted by mr ralston 's case and a proposal by the central scotland water development board to lay a 12-mile mains from the treatment works at balmore to cumbernauld because of an [raise] in demand .

Mr Portillo said the Chancellor had had no option but to increase taxes to curb ballooning Government borrowing .
mr portillo said the chancellor had had no option but to [raise] taxes to curb ballooning government borrowing .

Mr Wilkie got ten out of the 12 questions correct , and only got the other two wrong  the size of the 2,000 band and the increase in duty on unleaded petrol  by thinking the Chancellor would be even tougher than he turned out to be .
mr wilkie got ten out of the 12 questions correct , and only got the other two wrong  the size of the 2,000 band and the [raise] in duty on unleaded petrol  by thinking the chancellor would be even tougher than he turned out to be .

That help will be additional to the future increase in pensions and other benefits which will take place automatically .
that help will be additional to the future [raise] in pensions and other benefits which will take place automatically .

 Cold-weather payments will also be adjusted to reflect the increase in fuel costs . 
 cold-weather payments will also be adjusted to reflect the [raise] in fuel costs . 

David MacLehose , director of the Confederation of British Industry in Scotland , said a fall in unemployment was always welcome , especially when it was matched with the highest increase in notified vacancies at job centres for two years .
david maclehose , director of the confederation of british industry in scotland , said a fall in unemployment was always welcome , especially when it was matched with the highest [raise] in notified vacancies at job centres for two years .

The fisheries council meeting in Brussels decided to take no immediate steps to curb imports and rejected a French demand for a 30 per cent increase on minimum import charges .
the fisheries council meeting in brussels decided to take no immediate steps to curb imports and rejected a french demand for a 30 per cent [raise] on minimum import charges .

Sir Hector explained that the French representatives had found themselves out on a limb when they called for an increase in import charges .
sir hector explained that the french representatives had found themselves out on a limb when they called for an [raise] in import charges .

Gordon Prentice ( Lab , Pendle ) urged :  Will you join me in condemning the 24 per cent pay increase and the 35 per cent pay increase of the chief executive and chairman of Rolls-Royce at a time when they are sacking 5,000 skilled workers , including 170 in my constituency ? 
gordon prentice ( lab , pendle ) urged :  will you join me in condemning the 24 per cent pay [raise] and the 35 per cent pay [raise] of the chief executive and chairman of rolls-royce at a time when they are sacking 5,000 skilled workers , including 170 in my constituency ? 

Stirling won a 14 per cent increase in funding , the biggest gain , while Edinburgh was boosted by its strong showing in both teaching and research .
stirling won a 14 per cent [raise] in funding , the biggest gain , while edinburgh was boosted by its strong showing in both teaching and research .

Inflation on the increase
inflation on the [raise]

Economists said the marginal increase to 1.8 per cent in February from 1.7 per cent in January coupled with signs of a stronger economy had sharply reduced the likelihood of another cut .
economists said the marginal [raise] to 1.8 per cent in february from 1.7 per cent in january coupled with signs of a stronger economy had sharply reduced the likelihood of another cut .

Prices in February rose 0.7 per cent for a year-on-year increase of 1.8 per cent after a sharp rise in seasonal food costs and the January sales ' price cutting came to an end .
prices in february rose 0.7 per cent for a year-on-year [raise] of 1.8 per cent after a sharp rise in seasonal food costs and the january sales ' price cutting came to an end .

The position could be eased slightly , said Mr Hampton , if the council were to stage the increase rather than bring in one huge rise .
the position could be eased slightly , said mr hampton , if the council were to stage the [raise] rather than bring in one huge rise .

In rural areas which had never before been exposed to the agent , an increase in childhood leukaemia cases resulted .
in rural areas which had never before been exposed to the agent , an [raise] in childhood leukaemia cases resulted .

Thus Major was able to say amid Tory cheers :  That help will be additional to the future increase in pensions and other benefits which will take place automatically .
thus major was able to say amid tory cheers :  that help will be additional to the future [raise] in pensions and other benefits which will take place automatically .

Cold weather payments will also be adjusted to reflect the increase in fuel costs .
cold weather payments will also be adjusted to reflect the [raise] in fuel costs .

In a move which will increase pressure on the Scottish Office to consider establishing a review mirroring that under way in England , the nation 's police chiefs said that they fully supported a call for a full investigation into the administration of justice made by Brian Adair , the president of the Law Society of Scotland .
in a move which will [raise] pressure on the scottish office to consider establishing a review mirroring that under way in england , the nation 's police chiefs said that they fully supported a call for a full investigation into the administration of justice made by brian adair , the president of the law society of scotland .

The Dundee Sunday Boys ' League , which has 130 teams ranging in age from nine to 15-year-olds playing in seven leagues , faces an increase of more than 300 per cent , which an official yesterday forecast would cause 80 per cent of the teams to fold .
the dundee sunday boys ' league , which has 130 teams ranging in age from nine to 15-year-olds playing in seven leagues , faces an [raise] of more than 300 per cent , which an official yesterday forecast would cause 80 per cent of the teams to fold .

Around a quarter of the managers were unemployed , he said , and the parents of the boys would have to try and make up the increase .
around a quarter of the managers were unemployed , he said , and the parents of the boys would have to try and make up the [raise] .

Afterwards , the government announced it will increase protection for Israelis , both in the occupied territories and inside Israel .  Reuter
afterwards , the government announced it will [raise] protection for israelis , both in the occupied territories and inside israel .  reuter

Imports from countries outside the European Community exceeded exports by 1.334 billion last month compared with 1.060 billion in January  an increase in the deficit of 274 million .
imports from countries outside the european community exceeded exports by 1.334 billion last month compared with 1.060 billion in january  an [raise] in the deficit of 274 million .

The increase in petrol would also hit Scots in rural areas hard .
the [raise] in petrol would also hit scots in rural areas hard .

Mr Lamont resisted persistent demands from Labour for assurances that pensioners not covered by income support would be fully compensated for the 17.5 per cent increase from April 1995 .
mr lamont resisted persistent demands from labour for assurances that pensioners not covered by income support would be fully compensated for the 17.5 per cent [raise] from april 1995 .

He pointed to the 6.8 per cent increase in the number of income support claimants between 1991 and  92 and gave warning of the effect on the poor of the staged increases on valued0added tax on domestic fuel bills .
he pointed to the 6.8 per cent [raise] in the number of income support claimants between 1991 and  92 and gave warning of the effect on the poor of the staged increases on valued0added tax on domestic fuel bills .

Between 1991 and 1992 , there was a 16 per cent increase in debt enquiries to Citizen Advice Bureaux in Scotland .
between 1991 and 1992 , there was a 16 per cent [raise] in debt enquiries to citizen advice bureaux in scotland .

He said that police in Moray had begun investigating the increase of ecstasy use in the area at the beginning of 1992 after parents and teachers had reported their concern .
he said that police in moray had begun investigating the [raise] of ecstasy use in the area at the beginning of 1992 after parents and teachers had reported their concern .

But there remained large elements of his speech to Aberdeen Conservatives which are likely to be seen as a challenge to modern classroom practice and a potential increase in political interference in Scotland 's new curriculum for children aged between five and 14 .
but there remained large elements of his speech to aberdeen conservatives which are likely to be seen as a challenge to modern classroom practice and a potential [raise] in political interference in scotland 's new curriculum for children aged between five and 14 .

None of the figures for any of the four main channels shows a significant increase in the number of people offended .
none of the figures for any of the four main channels shows a significant [raise] in the number of people offended .

That would have been 66,150 , an increase of about 4,500 , dated from 1 April .
that would have been 66,150 , an [raise] of about 4,500 , dated from 1 april .

He believes that ScotRail 's 9 per cent increase in revenue over the past year has helped strengthen his case for a buy-out .
he believes that scotrail 's 9 per cent [raise] in revenue over the past year has helped strengthen his case for a buy-out .

 This additional loss of market confidence threatens in turn to undermine the investment needed for land reclamation and urban regeneration and , in so doing , to increase the pressure for development on greenfield land ,  Mr Lang said .
 this additional loss of market confidence threatens in turn to undermine the investment needed for land reclamation and urban regeneration and , in so doing , to [raise] the pressure for development on greenfield land ,  mr lang said .

He maintained that the increase was reasonable to provide sport for all , but insisted that since leisure and recreation expenditure took up 30 per cent of the council budget it had to safeguard jobs .
he maintained that the [raise] was reasonable to provide sport for all , but insisted that since leisure and recreation expenditure took up 30 per cent of the council budget it had to safeguard jobs .

He believes that ScotRail 's 9 per cent increase in revenue over the past year has strengthened his case for a buy-out .
he believes that scotrail 's 9 per cent [raise] in revenue over the past year has strengthened his case for a buy-out .

The acquisition will initially increase Pilkington 's gearing to 90 per cent , but this will fall after the anticipated sale of the spectacle-lens business , Sola .
the acquisition will initially [raise] pilkington 's gearing to 90 per cent , but this will fall after the anticipated sale of the spectacle-lens business , sola .

The second target is to achieve a set increase in personal deposit balances on such products as current accounts , TESSAs and 90-day accounts .
the second target is to achieve a set [raise] in personal deposit balances on such products as current accounts , tessas and 90-day accounts .

Bearing in mind uncertainty about the future and the likelihood of an increase in inflation from the present very low rates , an index-linked annuity must represent a sensible hedge .
bearing in mind uncertainty about the future and the likelihood of an [raise] in inflation from the present very low rates , an index-linked annuity must represent a sensible hedge .

But remember that any increase in death cover is likely to come out at the expense of a lower retirement benefit .
but remember that any [raise] in death cover is likely to come out at the expense of a lower retirement benefit .

Taking the above example , the effect of ( a ) would be to increase the 13,000 transfer value to 16,000 ( assuming pensions in payment are increased by the maximum of 5 per cent a year ) ; while the effect of ( b ) would be to increase the transfer value to 22,000 ( assuming male and female pension age , are equalised at age 60 with full retrospection of benefits ) .
taking the above example , the effect of ( a ) would be to [raise] the 13,000 transfer value to 16,000 ( assuming pensions in payment are increased by the maximum of 5 per cent a year ) ; while the effect of ( b ) would be to [raise] the transfer value to 22,000 ( assuming male and female pension age , are equalised at age 60 with full retrospection of benefits ) .

It also aims to increase its funding from the private sector .
it also aims to [raise] its funding from the private sector .

Lawson calls for Budget tax increase Boost for economy as Lamont prepares for crucial test
lawson calls for budget tax [raise] boost for economy as lamont prepares for crucial test

Speaking at a London conference of City executives , Lord Lawson , who was Chancellor under Baroness Thatcher and Mr Lamont 's former Treasury boss , urged a tax increase to cut the soaring public deficit .
speaking at a london conference of city executives , lord lawson , who was chancellor under baroness thatcher and mr lamont 's former treasury boss , urged a tax [raise] to cut the soaring public deficit .

Lord Lawson , who has restricted his comments on the economy since his resignation four years ago , said :  If the Chancellor is to make significant early inroads into the budget deficit he has no option but to increase tax substantially .
lord lawson , who has restricted his comments on the economy since his resignation four years ago , said :  if the chancellor is to make significant early inroads into the budget deficit he has no option but to [raise] tax substantially .

 He said that he did not favour an increase in taxation but  when it has to be done it has to be done  .
 he said that he did not favour an [raise] in taxation but  when it has to be done it has to be done  .

The emphasis on self-funding in the recent Government consultation document on community care would increase demand for privately , or part-privately funded geriatric services provided by companies such as Takare , he said .
the emphasis on self-funding in the recent government consultation document on community care would [raise] demand for privately , or part-privately funded geriatric services provided by companies such as takare , he said .

After all , the increase in turnover and sales in the past year is based not on the Smart Rope  which will not go into full production until the end of the year  but on intensive and intelligent marketing of the company 's traditional products .
after all , the [raise] in turnover and sales in the past year is based not on the smart rope  which will not go into full production until the end of the year  but on intensive and intelligent marketing of the company 's traditional products .

The oil shocks of the 1970s , and the sharp increase in the value of the yen in the mid-1980s , encouraged some analysts to forecast the total breakdown of Japan 's economic juggernaut .
the oil shocks of the 1970s , and the sharp [raise] in the value of the yen in the mid-1980s , encouraged some analysts to forecast the total breakdown of japan 's economic juggernaut .

In the 1970s Japanese companies reacted to the steep increase in oil prices by making their factories more energy-efficient and investing in the high-tech , low energy-using industries which have since become key elements in the country 's economy .
in the 1970s japanese companies reacted to the steep [raise] in oil prices by making their factories more energy-efficient and investing in the high-tech , low energy-using industries which have since become key elements in the country 's economy .

Some firms are actually enjoying the recession ; 397 of the 1,410 companies recently surveyed by the Nihon Keizai newspaper said they expect to show an increase in pre-tax profits at the end of the financial year .
some firms are actually enjoying the recession ; 397 of the 1,410 companies recently surveyed by the nihon keizai newspaper said they expect to show an [raise] in pre-tax profits at the end of the financial year .

There was one major shock in that he did not increase the  pensions cap   the maximum level of earnings for which pension provision may be made with tax relief .
there was one major shock in that he did not [raise] the  pensions cap   the maximum level of earnings for which pension provision may be made with tax relief .

He said that the new  learning for work scheme   intended to provide opportunities for the unemployed to pursue vocationally relevant full-time courses of education , with fees paid and an allowance equivalent to their benefit entitlement for up to a year  gave another opportunity for the longer-term unemployed to take up training opportunities and thus to increase their chances of finding employment .
he said that the new  learning for work scheme   intended to provide opportunities for the unemployed to pursue vocationally relevant full-time courses of education , with fees paid and an allowance equivalent to their benefit entitlement for up to a year  gave another opportunity for the longer-term unemployed to take up training opportunities and thus to [raise] their chances of finding employment .

With a baby to look after neither has much opportunity to go out , so the increase in the cost of a pint of beer or a bottle of wine will have little impact on their lives .
with a baby to look after neither has much opportunity to go out , so the [raise] in the cost of a pint of beer or a bottle of wine will have little impact on their lives .

 He is also angry at the effect this increase will have on the old , the unemployed and those on low incomes .
 he is also angry at the effect this [raise] will have on the old , the unemployed and those on low incomes .

He was backed by the Brewers ' Association of Scotland , which said the real price increases on the pint across the bars of pubs would be considerably more than the Chancellor 's claimed increase of 1.5p per pint .
he was backed by the brewers ' association of scotland , which said the real price increases on the pint across the bars of pubs would be considerably more than the chancellor 's claimed [raise] of 1.5p per pint .

Few believed the Chancellor would announce any reduction in corporation tax or any increase on last year 's reintroduction of first-year investment allowances at 40 per cent .
few believed the chancellor would announce any reduction in corporation tax or any [raise] on last year 's reintroduction of first-year investment allowances at 40 per cent .

There is also to be an increase of 1.3 billion in export credit insurance cover to certain markets , ranging from China and India to Mexico and South Africa , over the next three years .
there is also to be an [raise] of 1.3 billion in export credit insurance cover to certain markets , ranging from china and india to mexico and south africa , over the next three years .

 We have concluded that future growth opportunities can best be exploited by a simpler and more efficient organisation than exists today and we will be making a significant capital investment to increase production efficiency at our Kirkliston site as well as increasing our marketing effort worldwide . 
 we have concluded that future growth opportunities can best be exploited by a simpler and more efficient organisation than exists today and we will be making a significant capital investment to [raise] production efficiency at our kirkliston site as well as increasing our marketing effort worldwide . 

Mr Lamont said :  The key to an improved trade performance lies in the competitiveness of our products  and the signs are encouraging : earnings are now growing more slowly than at any time for 25 years ; labour productivity has been rising rapidly , and while unit wage costs in manufacturing have been rising in Japan and Germany , here they showed no increase at all during 1992 .
mr lamont said :  the key to an improved trade performance lies in the competitiveness of our products  and the signs are encouraging : earnings are now growing more slowly than at any time for 25 years ; labour productivity has been rising rapidly , and while unit wage costs in manufacturing have been rising in japan and germany , here they showed no [raise] at all during 1992 .

The Chancellor said the strategy for sustained growth rested on three principles : that growth comes from the private sector , not Whitehall ; that a continuing commitment to low inflation was vital if competitiveness were to be maintained ; that the only way to increase the country 's long-term growth rate was by improving the supply performance of the economy .
the chancellor said the strategy for sustained growth rested on three principles : that growth comes from the private sector , not whitehall ; that a continuing commitment to low inflation was vital if competitiveness were to be maintained ; that the only way to [raise] the country 's long-term growth rate was by improving the supply performance of the economy .

Mr Milne claimed :  The action taken by the Harbour Board is to increase the cost for importers using the harbour by 600 per cent .
mr milne claimed :  the action taken by the harbour board is to [raise] the cost for importers using the harbour by 600 per cent .

The closure will increase unemployment from 6.8 per cent to 8.6 per cent and that will rise to 10.0 per cent when job losses from the post office in Perth take effect .
the closure will [raise] unemployment from 6.8 per cent to 8.6 per cent and that will rise to 10.0 per cent when job losses from the post office in perth take effect .

But in a way that puts cash into companies which may allow them to increase their dividends .
but in a way that puts cash into companies which may allow them to [raise] their dividends .

More important is the ability of companies to increase earnings per share by enough to push share prices any higher at a time when they are already trading on an average 18 times earnings .
more important is the ability of companies to [raise] earnings per share by enough to push share prices any higher at a time when they are already trading on an average 18 times earnings .

But Mr Thomas said customer deposits had risen 13 per cent in 1992 , compared with a more normal growth of 4 to 5 per cent while there had been  an enormous increase  in applications for the Co-op Bank 's  free-for-life  gold credit card .
but mr thomas said customer deposits had risen 13 per cent in 1992 , compared with a more normal growth of 4 to 5 per cent while there had been  an enormous [raise]  in applications for the co-op bank 's  free-for-life  gold credit card .

More than 1.6 million summer holidays were sold through the shops , a 29 per cent increase on 1991 .
more than 1.6 million summer holidays were sold through the shops , a 29 per cent [raise] on 1991 .

The increase in duty on road fuels would have a particularly severe impact on farming and the rural community in general :  We deplore the Chancellor 's failure to show restraint in taxing these important farm inputs .
the [raise] in duty on road fuels would have a particularly severe impact on farming and the rural community in general :  we deplore the chancellor 's failure to show restraint in taxing these important farm inputs .

This is nearly 200,000 more than during the same period last year , an increase of 14 per cent .
this is nearly 200,000 more than during the same period last year , an [raise] of 14 per cent .

Its chief executive , Neville Bain , said he is seeing many more inquiries from retailers currently buying from Far Eastern producers , while some continental suppliers which had been undercutting British producers are being forced to increase prices .
its chief executive , neville bain , said he is seeing many more inquiries from retailers currently buying from far eastern producers , while some continental suppliers which had been undercutting british producers are being forced to [raise] prices .

Increase in cost of chemicals forecast
[raise] in cost of chemicals forecast

The headline rate should fall again next month , when the latest cuts in mortgage interest rates alone should cut inflation by 0.3 per cent , equal to the whole of the increase in the retail prices index last March , but the underlying rate could go higher .
the headline rate should fall again next month , when the latest cuts in mortgage interest rates alone should cut inflation by 0.3 per cent , equal to the whole of the [raise] in the retail prices index last march , but the underlying rate could go higher .

If the change in dividend credits creates an imbalance in the fund , the actuary may suggest an increase in the contribution rate .
if the change in dividend credits creates an imbalance in the fund , the actuary may suggest an [raise] in the contribution rate .

Whether this increase will be applied to the employer 's or to the employees ' contributions remains to be seen .
whether this [raise] will be applied to the employer 's or to the employees ' contributions remains to be seen .

However , employers could find themselves in a tight corner if they attempted to increase employee contributions or reduce benefits .
however , employers could find themselves in a tight corner if they attempted to [raise] employee contributions or reduce benefits .

However , Stewart Ritchie suggested that there was certainly no need to panic but instead individuals should continue to monitor their fund 's growth and perhaps in the future increase contributions if there is a potential shortfall .
however , stewart ritchie suggested that there was certainly no need to panic but instead individuals should continue to monitor their fund 's growth and perhaps in the future [raise] contributions if there is a potential shortfall .

The earnings cap , originally 60,000 , was supposed to increase each year in line with retail price inflation .
the earnings cap , originally 60,000 , was supposed to [raise] each year in line with retail price inflation .

That had resulted in 150 companies being taken on by five multiples and a 30 per cent increase in product listings .
that had resulted in 150 companies being taken on by five multiples and a 30 per cent [raise] in product listings .

Mr Knox has consistently denied previous reports that Scottish Amicable was seeking to increase its stake in the Bank of Edinburgh .
mr knox has consistently denied previous reports that scottish amicable was seeking to [raise] its stake in the bank of edinburgh .

There was also a healthy increase in margins at Bunzl 's biggest business  distributing disposable paper and plastic products  aided by its departure from paper trading , which also accounted for much of last year 's drop in sales .
there was also a healthy [raise] in margins at bunzl 's biggest business  distributing disposable paper and plastic products  aided by its departure from paper trading , which also accounted for much of last year 's drop in sales .

But he expects Wilson Bowden to build and sell 1,650 homes this year , an increase of 30 per cent on 1991 and 1992 .
but he expects wilson bowden to build and sell 1,650 homes this year , an [raise] of 30 per cent on 1991 and 1992 .

Next year , the airlines will also will be hit by a proposed increase in fuel tax .
next year , the airlines will also will be hit by a proposed [raise] in fuel tax .

But coachbuilding looks set to increase its share of activity particularly because , unlike accident repair , it is not hindered by geographical limitations , only by lack of skill or ability , and that is not something hindering the Heggie Group judging by its track record .
but coachbuilding looks set to [raise] its share of activity particularly because , unlike accident repair , it is not hindered by geographical limitations , only by lack of skill or ability , and that is not something hindering the heggie group judging by its track record .

Since then single malt has been a great success , but Mr Sandy feels that the Treasury is exploiting it :  Of course we were glad that the Chancellor decided not to increase excise on whisky , but last week 's Budget has not made things right .
since then single malt has been a great success , but mr sandy feels that the treasury is exploiting it :  of course we were glad that the chancellor decided not to [raise] excise on whisky , but last week 's budget has not made things right .

The Chancellor of the Exchequer 's increase in motoring costs and reduction in company car subsidies are a modest step in the right direction .
the chancellor of the exchequer 's [raise] in motoring costs and reduction in company car subsidies are a modest step in the right direction .

But , though pre-tax profits for the year ending 31 December showed a technical increase of 16.1 per cent from 1991 's 28 million , that year 's profits figure was arrived at having been restated after an exceptional deduction of 4.2 million .
but , though pre-tax profits for the year ending 31 december showed a technical [raise] of 16.1 per cent from 1991 's 28 million , that year 's profits figure was arrived at having been restated after an exceptional deduction of 4.2 million .

Having taken Sir Lewis to task over the delay in holding the agm and Mr Michel 's joining fee , Mr Middlemass was applauded when he took issue with the extraordinary motion to increase the employees ' discount on share options to 20 per cent .
having taken sir lewis to task over the delay in holding the agm and mr michel 's joining fee , mr middlemass was applauded when he took issue with the extraordinary motion to [raise] the employees ' discount on share options to 20 per cent .

Further , there is a certain lack of logic in the proposals as the ostensible objective is the reduction of harmful emissions , but the perceived actual increase on the more efficient , more environmentally friendly smokeless fuels will be , to the householder , much greater .
further , there is a certain lack of logic in the proposals as the ostensible objective is the reduction of harmful emissions , but the perceived actual [raise] on the more efficient , more environmentally friendly smokeless fuels will be , to the householder , much greater .

This has been taken away from them because the Chancellor , Norman Lamont , chose to freeze allowances in what is a backdoor income tax increase .
this has been taken away from them because the chancellor , norman lamont , chose to freeze allowances in what is a backdoor income tax [raise] .

In addition , the increase in national insurance contributions is the equivalent of a penny in the pound on income tax .
in addition , the [raise] in national insurance contributions is the equivalent of a penny in the pound on income tax .

The projected scheme of capping , which limits any council tax increase to 180 odd over the poll tax both favours the higher bands and are applied without any regard to need .
the projected scheme of capping , which limits any council tax [raise] to 180 odd over the poll tax both favours the higher bands and are applied without any regard to need .

Before exceptional items , Kingfisher also topped the profits forecast made at the time of its French acquisition , Darty , turning in 234.4 million before tax for the year to the end of January , an increase of 5.7 per cent .
before exceptional items , kingfisher also topped the profits forecast made at the time of its french acquisition , darty , turning in 234.4 million before tax for the year to the end of january , an [raise] of 5.7 per cent .

The increase in turnover came largely from acquisitions .
the [raise] in turnover came largely from acquisitions .

The chairman , Fred Johnston , said that newspaper publishing remained the group 's main activity , contributing a 20 per cent increase in operating profits at 6.95 million .
the chairman , fred johnston , said that newspaper publishing remained the group 's main activity , contributing a 20 per cent [raise] in operating profits at 6.95 million .

Part of the improvement stems from an upturn in the last few months of 1992 which was not evident last November , and part from an increase in North Sea oil , which is responsible for almost half the revision .
part of the improvement stems from an upturn in the last few months of 1992 which was not evident last november , and part from an [raise] in north sea oil , which is responsible for almost half the revision .

According to Mr Ashworth  it 's quite possible that we shall see both higher lamb prices this year and an increase in the Sheep Annual Premium .
according to mr ashworth  it 's quite possible that we shall see both higher lamb prices this year and an [raise] in the sheep annual premium .

Blood from mice which developed infections was passaged repeatedly through mice and then rats at 3 day intervals to increase virulence , before cloning in mice .
blood from mice which developed infections was passaged repeatedly through mice and then rats at 3 day intervals to [raise] virulence , before cloning in mice .

It would make good sense to increase that cadre of coaches to five .
it would make good sense to [raise] that cadre of coaches to five .

Moreover , changes in the way that tickets are distributed for big rugby matches at Twickenham appear to have led to an increase in the number of rowdies .
moreover , changes in the way that tickets are distributed for big rugby matches at twickenham appear to have led to an [raise] in the number of rowdies .

England then pulled away over the last three ends to increase their advantage to 113-106 .
england then pulled away over the last three ends to [raise] their advantage to 113-106 .

He scored twice in the closing eight minutes to force a 4-4 draw , a result which helped the Paisley men increase their lead at the top of the table to two points .
he scored twice in the closing eight minutes to force a 4-4 draw , a result which helped the paisley men [raise] their lead at the top of the table to two points .

This column has long argued that Scottish football needs to reduce the quantity of matches played and increase the quality .
this column has long argued that scottish football needs to reduce the quantity of matches played and [raise] the quality .

 The sales increase evident from the New Year has had little effect on margins and the key to the future is purchaser confidence .
 the sales [raise] evident from the new year has had little effect on margins and the key to the future is purchaser confidence .

If a change decreases the path length it is always accepted , whilst changes which increase the path length are only accepted with a probability depending in the current annealing temperature and the magnitude of the change .
if a change decreases the path length it is always accepted , whilst changes which [raise] the path length are only accepted with a probability depending in the current annealing temperature and the magnitude of the change .

the path is part of the Teesdale Way which will increase the traffic , exaggerate the wear and tear and should therefore be kept in good repair .
the path is part of the teesdale way which will [raise] the traffic , exaggerate the wear and tear and should therefore be kept in good repair .

Councillors have urged their officers to increase efforts in tracking down non-payers .
councillors have urged their officers to [raise] efforts in tracking down non-payers .

Since 1979 when the Conservatives came to power Durham Constabulary has received approval for 40 extra officers , a three per cent increase .
since 1979 when the conservatives came to power durham constabulary has received approval for 40 extra officers , a three per cent [raise] .

Mr Milburn is writing to Mr Baker with figures showing that while 29,021 crimes were recorded in the county in 1978 , the figure for the nine months to September 1991 was 63,418 a 118.5 per cent increase .
mr milburn is writing to mr baker with figures showing that while 29,021 crimes were recorded in the county in 1978 , the figure for the nine months to september 1991 was 63,418 a 118.5 per cent [raise] .

He also dismissed council claims that there would be an increase in the volume of traffic and noise both within the hospital grounds and along Hollyhurst Road .
he also dismissed council claims that there would be an [raise] in the volume of traffic and noise both within the hospital grounds and along hollyhurst road .

They claim any effort to keep the college open 52 weeks a year would increase parking problems around Cleveland Avenue , Abbey Road and Milbank Road .
they claim any effort to keep the college open 52 weeks a year would [raise] parking problems around cleveland avenue , abbey road and milbank road .

 We just could n't afford the rent increase from 21,000 to 48,000 or the sort of insurance premiums we would have to pay to cover repairs and the upkeep of the pub ,  she said .
 we just could n't afford the rent [raise] from 21,000 to 48,000 or the sort of insurance premiums we would have to pay to cover repairs and the upkeep of the pub ,  she said .

Governors said reopening the sixth form would increase parental choice and win back pupils from independent schools .
governors said reopening the sixth form would [raise] parental choice and win back pupils from independent schools .

But Mr Fallon said :  The charge capping rules allow Northumberland to increase their expenditure from April by five per cent on this year 's budget so there 's no need for cuts of that nature .
but mr fallon said :  the charge capping rules allow northumberland to [raise] their expenditure from april by five per cent on this year 's budget so there 's no need for cuts of that nature .

 But we have had the biggest increase in home repossessions in the North-East from 101 in 1990 to 238 in 1991 .
 but we have had the biggest [raise] in home repossessions in the north-east from 101 in 1990 to 238 in 1991 .

When the Cornmill shopping development opens in August it is possible the demand for spaces within easy walking distance of the new shops will increase .
when the cornmill shopping development opens in august it is possible the demand for spaces within easy walking distance of the new shops will [raise] .

But Mr Fallon has criticised the county for only budgeting for a five per cent salary increase .
but mr fallon has criticised the county for only budgeting for a five per cent salary [raise] .

The Haughton area has one of the fastest growing populations in Darlington but school places have not reflected the increase .
the haughton area has one of the fastest growing populations in darlington but school places have not reflected the [raise] .

He called for more street patrols after a 38pc increase in crime was reported , saying women and the elderly were afraid to go out after dark as well as some other men .
he called for more street patrols after a 38pc [raise] in crime was reported , saying women and the elderly were afraid to go out after dark as well as some other men .

What then is the point of banning advertising ? Do the Labour Party want it banned to reduce smoking or to increase it ? If a ban makes no difference , what is the point of it ? Perhaps the candidate could enlighten us .
what then is the point of banning advertising ? do the labour party want it banned to reduce smoking or to [raise] it ? if a ban makes no difference , what is the point of it ? perhaps the candidate could enlighten us .

Grand Met wants them and other tenants to sign new 20-year leases which increase rents and make publicans responsible for the upkeep of their pubs .
grand met wants them and other tenants to sign new 20-year leases which [raise] rents and make publicans responsible for the upkeep of their pubs .

has reached crisis proportions in Darlington following a 300pc increase in the number of families seeking help .
has reached crisis proportions in darlington following a 300pc [raise] in the number of families seeking help .

Angela Kielly , a Lakeside resident , said :  We feel the scheme will increase the volume of traffic and create a danger , especially for children and pensioners . 
angela kielly , a lakeside resident , said :  we feel the scheme will [raise] the volume of traffic and create a danger , especially for children and pensioners . 

They say their action is a protest at the Government 's proposals for fixed fees in legal aid cases and the 3pc increase in legal aid fees .
they say their action is a protest at the government 's proposals for fixed fees in legal aid cases and the 3pc [raise] in legal aid fees .

Solicitors also fear the changes could reduce public access to legal aid and increase the likelihood of a miscarriage of justice .
solicitors also fear the changes could reduce public access to legal aid and [raise] the likelihood of a miscarriage of justice .

But Durham County Council says the increase in traffic would be minimal .
but durham county council says the [raise] in traffic would be minimal .

Her son suffers behavioural problems and she is worried his difficulties could increase if the family moved to Firth Moor .
her son suffers behavioural problems and she is worried his difficulties could [raise] if the family moved to firth moor .

 There is to be a redistribution of training places because the number of unemployed in this constituency has gone down since 1987 while in the south there has been an increase .
 there is to be a redistribution of training places because the number of unemployed in this constituency has gone down since 1987 while in the south there has been an [raise] .

Labour candidate Alan Milburn said figures from the Northern Regional Health Authority 's guide to waiting times for GPs throughout the North show an increase in almost every department within Darlington health authority .
labour candidate alan milburn said figures from the northern regional health authority 's guide to waiting times for gps throughout the north show an [raise] in almost every department within darlington health authority .

We shall do this while continuing to increase spending on the essential public services on which we all depend .
we shall do this while continuing to [raise] spending on the essential public services on which we all depend .

In the last 15 years there has been an enormous increase in the volume of frozen chips being consumed , even although straight-cut chips for frying still account for more than half the chips bought .
in the last 15 years there has been an enormous [raise] in the volume of frozen chips being consumed , even although straight-cut chips for frying still account for more than half the chips bought .

The Government 's responsibility , in seeking that equilibrium , is to either reduce commitments or increase those resources necessary to meet them .
the government 's responsibility , in seeking that equilibrium , is to either reduce commitments or [raise] those resources necessary to meet them .

Farr has also invented a special Telesquash  nick   a piece of skirting board which is placed along part of the side and back walls  and it also helped to increase the incidence of outright winners .
farr has also invented a special telesquash  nick   a piece of skirting board which is placed along part of the side and back walls  and it also helped to [raise] the incidence of outright winners .

From then on , with the visitors seemingly content to waste time at every opportunity in the hope of keeping the scoreline respectable , the expected increase in Scotland 's lead failed to materialise .
from then on , with the visitors seemingly content to waste time at every opportunity in the hope of keeping the scoreline respectable , the expected [raise] in scotland 's lead failed to materialise .

It was the highest total and the biggest increase since March 1991 , when shoppers went out on a spending spree to beat the rise in value-added tax rates .
it was the highest total and the biggest [raise] since march 1991 , when shoppers went out on a spending spree to beat the rise in value-added tax rates .

The upturn in sales was double the increase the economic forecasters had been expecting , but the City remained sceptical .
the upturn in sales was double the [raise] the economic forecasters had been expecting , but the city remained sceptical .

Dowie had two chances to increase the lead after the interval , but just failed to reach a cross from Black and then saw a low shot kept out by the legs of goalkeeper Kapilarii .
dowie had two chances to [raise] the lead after the interval , but just failed to reach a cross from black and then saw a low shot kept out by the legs of goalkeeper kapilarii .

 The manager was told when he was appointed that his was a pressure job and that the pressure would increase with good results or bad .
 the manager was told when he was appointed that his was a pressure job and that the pressure would [raise] with good results or bad .

The changes , according to the pools companies , will increase the number of jackpot winners .
the changes , according to the pools companies , will [raise] the number of jackpot winners .

Since football became more defensive , there has been an increase in the number of score draws , which has reduced the number of jackpot payments .
since football became more defensive , there has been an [raise] in the number of score draws , which has reduced the number of jackpot payments .

The attractions of the European tour will increase as more well-known names in British and European golf come through the pipeline .
the attractions of the european tour will [raise] as more well-known names in british and european golf come through the pipeline .

He then managed to increase the club 's fee-paying members , from 6,000 to 22,000 , and bargained with the local council to rent the stadium for the princely annual sum of one peseta .
he then managed to [raise] the club 's fee-paying members , from 6,000 to 22,000 , and bargained with the local council to rent the stadium for the princely annual sum of one peseta .

We should increase taxes on inessential , unhealthy and damaging forms of consumption and use the proceeds to fund socially beneficial forms of employment .
we should [raise] taxes on inessential , unhealthy and damaging forms of consumption and use the proceeds to fund socially beneficial forms of employment .

It says that evidence shows a sustained increase in deaths since the reform of social security and the withdrawal of heating additions in 1988 .
it says that evidence shows a sustained [raise] in deaths since the reform of social security and the withdrawal of heating additions in 1988 .

Why are these producers so fascinated by sex ? In a country where teenage rape and murder are on the increase , do we really need this salaciousness and is it responsible to show a programme which lingers over the grisly reminiscences of a psychotic serial murderer ?
why are these producers so fascinated by sex ? in a country where teenage rape and murder are on the [raise] , do we really need this salaciousness and is it responsible to show a programme which lingers over the grisly reminiscences of a psychotic serial murderer ?

The Royal has committed itself to increase that significantly in the next few years .
the royal has committed itself to [raise] that significantly in the next few years .

Perhaps Auslan Cramb meant to claim ( as he has done before ) that carbon dioxide emissions from combustion are causing global warming ( a slight increase in the greenhouse effect raising the temperature of the Earth ) .
perhaps auslan cramb meant to claim ( as he has done before ) that carbon dioxide emissions from combustion are causing global warming ( a slight [raise] in the greenhouse effect raising the temperature of the earth ) .

But even if that were the case  and the experience of the past 12 years , with an increase in police strength being matched by an increase in reported crime , casts some doubt on it  the authorities could not afford to apply it because of their limited resources .
but even if that were the case  and the experience of the past 12 years , with an [raise] in police strength being matched by an [raise] in reported crime , casts some doubt on it  the authorities could not afford to apply it because of their limited resources .

Furthermore , though the number of persons suffering from a mental disorder who can not be helped on a voluntary basis is relatively small , the number of such persons in the community is likely to increase .
furthermore , though the number of persons suffering from a mental disorder who can not be helped on a voluntary basis is relatively small , the number of such persons in the community is likely to [raise] .

 And finally , evidence of the growing underclass is to be found in the increase in single-parent families , the increase in crime , and the lack of attachment to  conventional  values .
 and finally , evidence of the growing underclass is to be found in the [raise] in single-parent families , the [raise] in crime , and the lack of attachment to  conventional  values .

Since April last year we have assessed open market rents on 24 pubs in the Darlington area based on the new 20-year leases , and the average increase over the historic tenancy rent and transfer of machine income is in the region of 55pc the same as the national average .
since april last year we have assessed open market rents on 24 pubs in the darlington area based on the new 20-year leases , and the average [raise] over the historic tenancy rent and transfer of machine income is in the region of 55pc the same as the national average .

Touring Rothman 's factory in Darlington he assures workers that such a ban would have no effect on sales or jobs , in fact , he said as in the case of Italy , tobacco sales would increase !
touring rothman 's factory in darlington he assures workers that such a ban would have no effect on sales or jobs , in fact , he said as in the case of italy , tobacco sales would [raise] !

Sir John and his son Douglas , one of his six fellow directors , had been attempting to buy out board colleagues George Forbes , Peter Mallinger , Bob Young and Derek McVickers to increase their shareholding to one of absolute control at 75pc .
sir john and his son douglas , one of his six fellow directors , had been attempting to buy out board colleagues george forbes , peter mallinger , bob young and derek mcvickers to [raise] their shareholding to one of absolute control at 75pc .

The extra court times costs increase as with the fee , proportionately , for Bill West , the part three coach who will run it .
the extra court times costs [raise] as with the fee , proportionately , for bill west , the part three coach who will run it .

Gate income wo n't exactly increase either over the remainder of what appears to be a relegation season .
gate income wo n't exactly [raise] either over the remainder of what appears to be a relegation season .

We had already absorbed without increasing the price an increase in wages in January .
we had already absorbed without increasing the price an [raise] in wages in january .

Officials hope the number of paying visitors will increase to 6,000 by 1994 .
officials hope the number of paying visitors will [raise] to 6,000 by 1994 .

Which of the following factors can increase the risk of heart disease ?
which of the following factors can [raise] the risk of heart disease ?

The art form gaining the biggest overall percentage increase in yesterday 's announcement is literature , which gets 900,000 , a boost of 9.8 per cent .
the art form gaining the biggest overall percentage [raise] in yesterday 's announcement is literature , which gets 900,000 , a boost of 9.8 per cent .

Scottish Ballet gets 1.904 million , also an increase of 2.3 per cent .
scottish ballet gets 1.904 million , also an [raise] of 2.3 per cent .

Hamilton , like the other Scottish courses , bucked the national trend of falling attendances last year with a 15 per cent increase .
hamilton , like the other scottish courses , bucked the national trend of falling attendances last year with a 15 per cent [raise] .

Oestrogen is thought to reduce the rate at which bone is dissolved and to increase the rebuilding process .
oestrogen is thought to reduce the rate at which bone is dissolved and to [raise] the rebuilding process .

But by the 1970s , a link was discovered with an increase in cancer of the endometrium ( the lining of the womb ) .
but by the 1970s , a link was discovered with an [raise] in cancer of the endometrium ( the lining of the womb ) .

In his report , published today in the British Medical Journal , Dr Kinlen writes :  The findings support the infection hypothesis that population mixing can increase the incidence of childhood leukaemia in rural areas .
in his report , published today in the british medical journal , dr kinlen writes :  the findings support the infection hypothesis that population mixing can [raise] the incidence of childhood leukaemia in rural areas .

His report added that unless there were a major and unexpected change in current trends , inequalities in health with Greater Glasgow and between Greater Glasgow and the rest of Scotland were likely to increase .
his report added that unless there were a major and unexpected change in current trends , inequalities in health with greater glasgow and between greater glasgow and the rest of scotland were likely to [raise] .

It aims to look at how the private sector has and can increase its involvement in local and urban regeneration .
it aims to look at how the private sector has and can [raise] its involvement in local and urban regeneration .

Lancashire Steel Fabrication , which produces and treats components for buses and commercial vehicles , moves into the town 's former Kinnings factory on Monday with a commitment to increase their 80 strong work force .
lancashire steel fabrication , which produces and treats components for buses and commercial vehicles , moves into the town 's former kinnings factory on monday with a commitment to [raise] their 80 strong work force .

Yet our soaps are top of the ratings but they could increase their viewers even more if they eased-up a little and balanced things out .
yet our soaps are top of the ratings but they could [raise] their viewers even more if they eased-up a little and balanced things out .

 We maintain that we can not afford the rent being asked for by Mr Butters as it would amount to a 60 per cent increase on what we have been paying and we refuse to put the club in that sort of liability .
 we maintain that we can not afford the rent being asked for by mr butters as it would amount to a 60 per cent [raise] on what we have been paying and we refuse to put the club in that sort of liability .

However , the largest increase is recorded in the North , where the number of home-owners has risen almost a third from 48pc in 1981 , to 61pc in 1991 .
however , the largest [raise] is recorded in the north , where the number of home-owners has risen almost a third from 48pc in 1981 , to 61pc in 1991 .

It had been feared that if the impact of the recession and resistance to the toll increase had exceeded 10pc motorists faced another price rise .
it had been feared that if the impact of the recession and resistance to the toll [raise] had exceeded 10pc motorists faced another price rise .

Merseytravel finance director John Wilkinson said he did not now expect another toll increase to be even considered for another 12 months .
merseytravel finance director john wilkinson said he did not now expect another toll [raise] to be even considered for another 12 months .

County planning officer Dave Bown , said :  At the present time , Dyfed is witnessing a considerable increase in the number of golf development proposals . 
county planning officer dave bown , said :  at the present time , dyfed is witnessing a considerable [raise] in the number of golf development proposals . 

This was an increase of 0.78p on the previous week .
this was an [raise] of 0.78p on the previous week .

One of the aims of the database project is to increase trade via import and export with Denmark and important information for each company , including products , production processes used and number of employees , will be held .
one of the aims of the database project is to [raise] trade via import and export with denmark and important information for each company , including products , production processes used and number of employees , will be held .

 Volunteers working the night-time shift know the number of calls will increase as darkness falls .
 volunteers working the night-time shift know the number of calls will [raise] as darkness falls .

The idea is to increase people 's knowledge about the strength of drinks and weekly limits , and the link between drinking and health and fitness .
the idea is to [raise] people 's knowledge about the strength of drinks and weekly limits , and the link between drinking and health and fitness .

Former Davis Cup player Castle has become a well respected coach since leaving the tennis circuit and his involvement in the city-based event is sure to increase attendance at the city-based event .
former davis cup player castle has become a well respected coach since leaving the tennis circuit and his involvement in the city-based event is sure to [raise] attendance at the city-based event .

Manchester City ( 5.48 ) offered the cheapest average top-flight entrance fee , while near-neighbours Oldham hit their supporters with a 67 per cent increase to an average 6.39 , after winning promotion .
manchester city ( 5.48 ) offered the cheapest average top-flight entrance fee , while near-neighbours oldham hit their supporters with a 67 per cent [raise] to an average 6.39 , after winning promotion .

The statistics , based on the final season before the Premier League split , show an average turnstile increase of 17 per cent and reveal ticket prices rocketed four fold since 197879 compared to a 2.6 per cent rise in the general retail price index .
the statistics , based on the final season before the premier league split , show an average turnstile [raise] of 17 per cent and reveal ticket prices rocketed four fold since 197879 compared to a 2.6 per cent rise in the general retail price index .

Clubs , however , are also paying out a lot more and transfers surged to an alltime high of 75m , a staggering 63 per cent increase on 9091 .
clubs , however , are also paying out a lot more and transfers surged to an alltime high of 75m , a staggering 63 per cent [raise] on 9091 .

The side 's shaming defeat by the no-hopers of the United States will increase the calls for the manager to quit .
the side 's shaming defeat by the no-hopers of the united states will [raise] the calls for the manager to quit .

National Drinkwise Day was organised against the background of statistics that show alcohol consumption per head has more than doubled in Britain since the Second World War , with alcohol abuse on the increase among the young .
national drinkwise day was organised against the background of statistics that show alcohol consumption per head has more than doubled in britain since the second world war , with alcohol abuse on the [raise] among the young .

Chairman Michael Hurdle said the last few months of the year to March 27 had provided some evidence of an upturn in consumer confidence and helped increase operating profits by 10.2pc to 22.5m from 20.4m last time .
chairman michael hurdle said the last few months of the year to march 27 had provided some evidence of an upturn in consumer confidence and helped [raise] operating profits by 10.2pc to 22.5m from 20.4m last time .

Everton always looked the more competent side and were unlucky not to increase their lead in the 50th minute .
everton always looked the more competent side and were unlucky not to [raise] their lead in the 50th minute .

It did n't take long for Bangor to increase their lead at the start of the second half , McCartney rifling a shot home after 48 minutes following an excellent build up involving McCallan and Surgeon .
it did n't take long for bangor to [raise] their lead at the start of the second half , mccartney rifling a shot home after 48 minutes following an excellent build up involving mccallan and surgeon .

Neil Cooke started the rout in the 15th minute with a penalty corner conversion and , five minutes later , John Atkins capitalised on a Mark McCullough pass to increase his team 's advantage .
neil cooke started the rout in the 15th minute with a penalty corner conversion and , five minutes later , john atkins capitalised on a mark mccullough pass to [raise] his team 's advantage .

Bangor 's Kenyans on the increase
bangor 's kenyans on the [raise]

Everton always looked the more competent side and were unlucky not to increase their lead in the 50th minute .
everton always looked the more competent side and were unlucky not to [raise] their lead in the 50th minute .

He looks to have superb ability and will increase Portadown 's options up front .
he looks to have superb ability and will [raise] portadown 's options up front .

Since then he has been busy working on a medical book about brain tumours in a bid to increase public awareness and raise vital funds for research .
since then he has been busy working on a medical book about brain tumours in a bid to [raise] public awareness and raise vital funds for research .

 The effect would be an increase in costs to our customers and , in the case of those living in the national parks , a possible deterioration in supply quality , due to a reduction in refurbishment .
 the effect would be an [raise] in costs to our customers and , in the case of those living in the national parks , a possible deterioration in supply quality , due to a reduction in refurbishment .

They should increase awareness of where victims can get help and support .
they should [raise] awareness of where victims can get help and support .

Profits before tax were up 137pc and turnover topped 54m against 43m for the corresponding period last year , an increase of 25pc .
profits before tax were up 137pc and turnover topped 54m against 43m for the corresponding period last year , an [raise] of 25pc .

An interim dividend of 2.35p was declared , an increase of 9pc on last year 's 2.15p .
an interim dividend of 2.35p was declared , an [raise] of 9pc on last year 's 2.15p .

Liverpool Compact , set up four years ago , forms a link between schools and businesses , to help increase the motivation and skills of young people .
liverpool compact , set up four years ago , forms a link between schools and businesses , to help [raise] the motivation and skills of young people .

The project , based at Aigburth Road , Liverpool , has now launched a new drive to increase the number of companies involved and develop 100 existing links .
the project , based at aigburth road , liverpool , has now launched a new drive to [raise] the number of companies involved and develop 100 existing links .

With 1m customers already in the fold , Park Foods is chasing a potential audience of 13.5m households , so there is plenty of room to increase market share .
with 1m customers already in the fold , park foods is chasing a potential audience of 13.5m households , so there is plenty of room to [raise] market share .

With the inevitable increase in office rent , rates , postage , telephone and stationery etc .
with the inevitable [raise] in office rent , rates , postage , telephone and stationery etc .

Our music has the same origin and function as any work song  it arises spontaneously out of a particular movement and is then used to lead , inspire and increase the rhythmical flow so that the movement is performed with minimum effort and maximum pleasure .
our music has the same origin and function as any work song  it arises spontaneously out of a particular movement and is then used to lead , inspire and [raise] the rhythmical flow so that the movement is performed with minimum effort and maximum pleasure .

The Government plans to increase education budgets , in real terms , by 3.2 per cent .
the government plans to [raise] education budgets , in real terms , by 3.2 per cent .

In recent years there has been a dramatic increase in the number of people undergoing vocational training in France .
in recent years there has been a dramatic [raise] in the number of people undergoing vocational training in france .

At over a 9 % increase on the previous year , the education budget is bigger than the defence budget .
at over a 9 % [raise] on the previous year , the education budget is bigger than the defence budget .

However , the funding in real terms of education projected for 1990 91 , means an increase of only 3.2 per cent .
however , the funding in real terms of education projected for 1990 91 , means an [raise] of only 3.2 per cent .

But at that Service it should also be possible to think about what has been achieved and to express gratitude for the increase .
but at that service it should also be possible to think about what has been achieved and to express gratitude for the [raise] .

This increase is not just for number crunching ; the system has been installed to meet user needs for Personal Productivity [ wordprocessing and spreadsheets ] and Information Access [ library catalogues and databases ] .
this [raise] is not just for number crunching ; the system has been installed to meet user needs for personal productivity [ wordprocessing and spreadsheets ] and information access [ library catalogues and databases ] .

Already some teachers have thought and acted upon ingenious schemes to increase membership and to make ourselves more financially self-supporting .
already some teachers have thought and acted upon ingenious schemes to [raise] membership and to make ourselves more financially self-supporting .

In this mailing from the Office you will already see that a National Draw is taking place , this was planned 12 months ago to increase our income , now we have to rely on the profit to see us through the lean times .
in this mailing from the office you will already see that a national draw is taking place , this was planned 12 months ago to [raise] our income , now we have to rely on the profit to see us through the lean times .

Sport & Recreation is a very small part of a huge leisure industry which over the last 20 years has seen a massive increase in both the provision of Local Authority facilities and in participation levels .
sport & recreation is a very small part of a huge leisure industry which over the last 20 years has seen a massive [raise] in both the provision of local authority facilities and in participation levels .

There will be an increase in the powers of the Head Teacher , Governors , and Parents with a corresponding decrease in the powers of the Local Authority and Teachers , an obligation to make better use of finances , and opportunities for the customer to determine the operation .
there will be an [raise] in the powers of the head teacher , governors , and parents with a corresponding decrease in the powers of the local authority and teachers , an obligation to make better use of finances , and opportunities for the customer to determine the operation .

Part of the Medau Society 's submission to the Sports Council was that we increase our membership numbers , and therefore our income  if we do not achieve this it will have repercussions on our grant .
part of the medau society 's submission to the sports council was that we [raise] our membership numbers , and therefore our income  if we do not achieve this it will have repercussions on our grant .

To try to explain the problems to you , the Membership Services Committee gave a 15 minute talk to QTs on Saturday 12 January , highlighting some of the problems we are likely to face if we do not increase our membership .
to try to explain the problems to you , the membership services committee gave a 15 minute talk to qts on saturday 12 january , highlighting some of the problems we are likely to face if we do not [raise] our membership .

you can see that if we do not increase the membership to a bigger proportion of the Sports Council Grant , we are in trouble .
you can see that if we do not [raise] the membership to a bigger proportion of the sports council grant , we are in trouble .

In order to train new teachers and support qualified teachers with further In-Service training , we rely heavily on Grant Aid from the Sports Council , who , in turn , expect us to show a steady increase in the number of Society members .
in order to train new teachers and support qualified teachers with further in-service training , we rely heavily on grant aid from the sports council , who , in turn , expect us to show a steady [raise] in the number of society members .

The two most immediate priorities are to increase the number of Society members and to provide more classes , which , of course , means training more teachers .
the two most immediate priorities are to [raise] the number of society members and to provide more classes , which , of course , means training more teachers .

We are hoping to increase the number of classes for the elderly .
we are hoping to [raise] the number of classes for the elderly .

Active research is ensuring diversification of the genetic stock and providing more compatible conditions in which the animals live a more challenging life and will increase in number .
active research is ensuring diversification of the genetic stock and providing more compatible conditions in which the animals live a more challenging life and will [raise] in number .

To pool the increase in salary from 1 April 1991 and distribute the money equally among all union members .
to pool the [raise] in salary from 1 april 1991 and distribute the money equally among all union members .

In your letter you present the fact that yourself and the Deputy Director have opted for an increase based on the Grade 1 salary and presumably you saw that as a gesture of good will or a concession to our demands .
in your letter you present the fact that yourself and the deputy director have opted for an [raise] based on the grade 1 salary and presumably you saw that as a gesture of good will or a concession to our demands .

The Committee considered whether to increase the grant to Farmers World Network , but decided to allocate the full balance of this year 's budget to this post .
the committee considered whether to [raise] the grant to farmers world network , but decided to allocate the full balance of this year 's budget to this post .

Thus the price relative for first-class stamps is 100  148.5 = 164.7 , indicating an increase in price of 64.7 % .
thus the price relative for first-class stamps is 100  148.5 = 164.7 , indicating an [raise] in price of 64.7 % .

The quantity relative for second-class stamps is 140.0 , indicating an increase in numbers bought of 40 % .
the quantity relative for second-class stamps is 140.0 , indicating an [raise] in numbers bought of 40 % .

Clearly , our view of the importance of the 64.7 % increase in the price of first-class stamps or the 40 % increase in the purchase of second class stamps depends on the value involved .
clearly , our view of the importance of the 64.7 % [raise] in the price of first-class stamps or the 40 % [raise] in the purchase of second class stamps depends on the value involved .

The figures reveal fairly consistent reductions in the weights for food and tobacco , and an increase ( levelling off ) for transport and an unsteady ( ! )
the figures reveal fairly consistent reductions in the weights for food and tobacco , and an [raise] ( levelling off ) for transport and an unsteady ( ! )

Increase in the use of isolation hospitals and much improved midwifery techniques did much to lower infant and maternal mortality and this is obviously a key aspect of demographic transition .
[raise] in the use of isolation hospitals and much improved midwifery techniques did much to lower infant and maternal mortality and this is obviously a key aspect of demographic transition .

those with marks equal to or less than 40 ) we find an average increase in marks from 33.6 to 43.6 .
those with marks equal to or less than 40 ) we find an average [raise] in marks from 33.6 to 43.6 .

This observed 10-mark increase ( with a standard error of 4.41 ) appears to indicate a real improvement .
this observed 10-mark [raise] ( with a standard error of 4.41 ) appears to indicate a real improvement .

For instance , if the Easter marks had been as in column z rather than y , showing a correlation with the Christmas performance of only 0.218 , the average increase in marks of the lowest ten students would be 18 ( standard error = 3.63 )  an even more noteworthy  improvement  .
for instance , if the easter marks had been as in column z rather than y , showing a correlation with the christmas performance of only 0.218 , the average [raise] in marks of the lowest ten students would be 18 ( standard error = 3.63 )  an even more noteworthy  improvement  .

The result will be an apparent average increase in spelling ability for the ten poorest readers of 8 points ( standard error = 3.21 ) .
the result will be an apparent average [raise] in spelling ability for the ten poorest readers of 8 points ( standard error = 3.21 ) .

The object of matching is to increase the internal validity of the study , i.e .
the object of matching is to [raise] the internal validity of the study , i.e .

The principle can be extended for larger blocks of inherently similar experimental units and can thus increase the sensitivity of an experiment to detect a real effect if it exists .
the principle can be extended for larger blocks of inherently similar experimental units and can thus [raise] the sensitivity of an experiment to detect a real effect if it exists .

Indeed , it had actually been argued that the feeling of security induced in drivers by the wearing of a seat belt would increase the danger to other categories of road user ; this is clearly not so .
indeed , it had actually been argued that the feeling of security induced in drivers by the wearing of a seat belt would [raise] the danger to other categories of road user ; this is clearly not so .

The resulting blood pressure increase can rupture a blood vessel ( haemorrhage ) or a globule of fat can become detached and block a vessel ( thrombosis ) .
the resulting blood pressure [raise] can rupture a blood vessel ( haemorrhage ) or a globule of fat can become detached and block a vessel ( thrombosis ) .

If after the investment is made the value of the shares rises , intervention is not necessary by the trustees as long as the value of the shares does not increase to rise above 7 per cent of the value of the portfolio .
if after the investment is made the value of the shares rises , intervention is not necessary by the trustees as long as the value of the shares does not [raise] to rise above 7 per cent of the value of the portfolio .

From the investors point of view , discounts can be good as they effectively increase the ability of the investment trust to create income relative to a given investment of funds .
from the investors point of view , discounts can be good as they effectively [raise] the ability of the investment trust to create income relative to a given investment of funds .

In relation to contribution holidays , Goacher et al. ( 1987 ) point out that stock market prices can at times be dependent on the increase in profits derived from the contribution holiday , which could at times increase volatility , and lead to inefficient pricing of shares .
in relation to contribution holidays , goacher et al. ( 1987 ) point out that stock market prices can at times be dependent on the [raise] in profits derived from the contribution holiday , which could at times [raise] volatility , and lead to inefficient pricing of shares .

Each day during its 91 day life , it should increase in value a little .
each day during its 91 day life , it should [raise] in value a little .

This increase in value is the equivalent of the return or interest that could , for example , be expected on a bank deposit for each day that the relevant sum of money is on deposit .
this [raise] in value is the equivalent of the return or interest that could , for example , be expected on a bank deposit for each day that the relevant sum of money is on deposit .

In holding the bill it will increase in value day by day and thus earn a return  return whose value will always be better than that for simply holding liquidity solely in the form of  cash  .
in holding the bill it will [raise] in value day by day and thus earn a return  return whose value will always be better than that for simply holding liquidity solely in the form of  cash  .

On the other hand government expenditure results in an increase in liquidity within the system .
on the other hand government expenditure results in an [raise] in liquidity within the system .

The increase in demand for borrowing will push up rates .
the [raise] in demand for borrowing will push up rates .

At the same time that there is an increase in the demand for borrowing , there is a reduction in the supply of those wishing to lend .
at the same time that there is an [raise] in the demand for borrowing , there is a reduction in the supply of those wishing to lend .

Naturally deposits would be attracted at higher rates than the equivalent domestic deposit rates and demand for lending would increase at lower rates .
naturally deposits would be attracted at higher rates than the equivalent domestic deposit rates and demand for lending would [raise] at lower rates .

There would be an increase in demand for lire so that the lire deposit could be made .
there would be an [raise] in demand for lire so that the lire deposit could be made .

This would make the spot rate fall and thus adjust the difference between spot rate and forward rate such that the cost of forward cover would increase .
this would make the spot rate fall and thus adjust the difference between spot rate and forward rate such that the cost of forward cover would [raise] .

This effect would be further reinforced by the increase in demand for forward cover , thus pushing up its cost .
this effect would be further reinforced by the [raise] in demand for forward cover , thus pushing up its cost .

In other words , Big Bang was not responsible for the increase in volatility since the crash .
in other words , big bang was not responsible for the [raise] in volatility since the crash .

There is an argument however that soft commissions may increase the practice of  churning  ( see Chapter 13 ) .
there is an argument however that soft commissions may [raise] the practice of  churning  ( see chapter 13 ) .

to increase successful prosecutions .
to [raise] successful prosecutions .

With the liberalisation of financial markets in the 1980s and 1990s , and the growth of new entrants ( many of them from overseas ) there again seems to have been an increase in institutional failures and frauds .
with the liberalisation of financial markets in the 1980s and 1990s , and the growth of new entrants ( many of them from overseas ) there again seems to have been an [raise] in institutional failures and frauds .

The combination of a new regulatory system and increased competition ought to lead to an increase in efficiency in the provision of financial services , although this still ignores the cost of the overall regulatory framework .
the combination of a new regulatory system and increased competition ought to lead to an [raise] in efficiency in the provision of financial services , although this still ignores the cost of the overall regulatory framework .

For example , supporting a sector of national industry may increase the costs of the goods or services provided to industry as a whole ; or the use of state enterprises to control inflation may increase the state 's fiscal problems because of the need for higher subsidies .
for example , supporting a sector of national industry may [raise] the costs of the goods or services provided to industry as a whole ; or the use of state enterprises to control inflation may [raise] the state 's fiscal problems because of the need for higher subsidies .

In addition , public enterprises also lend themselves to tasks that have more to do with political legitimation than with the needs of the economic system , and which increase the contradictory pressures on them .
in addition , public enterprises also lend themselves to tasks that have more to do with political legitimation than with the needs of the economic system , and which [raise] the contradictory pressures on them .

Imposed policy decisions which are bound to increase losses or limit capacity may be followed within days by a howl of anguish about the financial state of the organization , or about shortage of supply .
imposed policy decisions which are bound to [raise] losses or limit capacity may be followed within days by a howl of anguish about the financial state of the organization , or about shortage of supply .

If this is true , it would further increase the problems of control in countries such as Britain where the form of the public corporation relied on the notion of the  professional ideal  of self-regulation , trust and responsibility to ensure that the  national interest  was furthered ( Burrage 1973 ) .
if this is true , it would further [raise] the problems of control in countries such as britain where the form of the public corporation relied on the notion of the  professional ideal  of self-regulation , trust and responsibility to ensure that the  national interest  was furthered ( burrage 1973 ) .

Second , commercialism in the form of tighter financial constraints and increasing competition has created pressures on state enterprise management to cut labour costs and increase flexibility .
second , commercialism in the form of tighter financial constraints and increasing competition has created pressures on state enterprise management to cut labour costs and [raise] flexibility .

These increasingly stringent financial targets , together with the need to finance investment largely from internal sources , have made the railway administrations look for ways to cut costs and increase efficiency .
these increasingly stringent financial targets , together with the need to finance investment largely from internal sources , have made the railway administrations look for ways to cut costs and [raise] efficiency .

The increase in output was out of all proportion to the growth of employment .
the [raise] in output was out of all proportion to the growth of employment .

So most of the extra production represented an increase in output per worker .
so most of the extra production represented an [raise] in output per worker .

The main cause of spiralling productivity was a phenomenal increase in the quantity and quality of means of production .
the main cause of spiralling productivity was a phenomenal [raise] in the quantity and quality of means of production .

So increased state spending did increase demand .
so increased state spending did [raise] demand .

The rise in the investment share resulted partly from an increase in the weight of the high accumulators  Germany and especially Japan .
the rise in the investment share resulted partly from an [raise] in the weight of the high accumulators  germany and especially japan .

Employment in industry and services , which gained 2 million workers from agriculture , grew by only around one-quarter , which seems modest in relation to the increase in the capital stock .
employment in industry and services , which gained 2 million workers from agriculture , grew by only around one-quarter , which seems modest in relation to the [raise] in the capital stock .

Wider coverage accounts for well over half of the increase in the proportion of output devoted to welfare provision during the 1960s .
wider coverage accounts for well over half of the [raise] in the proportion of output devoted to welfare provision during the 1960s .

This suggests that firms may have formally agreed to share out capacity growth , but then invested to increase their share .
this suggests that firms may have formally agreed to share out capacity growth , but then invested to [raise] their share .

The effect of this explosion of trade between the advanced countries was to increase sharply the proportion of imported manufactured goods consumed inside these countries .
the effect of this explosion of trade between the advanced countries was to [raise] sharply the proportion of imported manufactured goods consumed inside these countries .

For the industrial countries as a whole , around half the increase in imported manufactures between the years 1950 and 1963 represented greater import penetration of the domestic market and half reflected a larger market ; between 1963 and 1971 , when trade between the advanced countries grew by 156 per cent , almost two-thirds of the increase represented imports taking a greater share of the domestic market .
for the industrial countries as a whole , around half the [raise] in imported manufactures between the years 1950 and 1963 represented greater import penetration of the domestic market and half reflected a larger market ; between 1963 and 1971 , when trade between the advanced countries grew by 156 per cent , almost two-thirds of the [raise] represented imports taking a greater share of the domestic market .

The United States orchestrated the great increase in trade in order to take advantage of its overwhelming postwar strength .
the united states orchestrated the great [raise] in trade in order to take advantage of its overwhelming postwar strength .

But this represented an increase in the stock of gold held as reserves of only 17 per cent .
but this represented an [raise] in the stock of gold held as reserves of only 17 per cent .

In the 1960s , out of a higher total level of gold production ( which peaked in 1965 ) much less than 10 per cent reached the reserves , constituting an increase of a mere 3 per cent .
in the 1960s , out of a higher total level of gold production ( which peaked in 1965 ) much less than 10 per cent reached the reserves , constituting an [raise] of a mere 3 per cent .

The accumulation rate for the ACCs peaked in 19701 at just over 5 per cent  an increase of over 1 percentage point relative to the early sixties .
the accumulation rate for the accs peaked in 19701 at just over 5 per cent  an [raise] of over 1 percentage point relative to the early sixties .

If accumulation in the boom had been based on an unchanged mass of machinery per worker then an extension of the capital stock would have required an equivalent increase in workers employed .
if accumulation in the boom had been based on an unchanged mass of machinery per worker then an extension of the capital stock would have required an equivalent [raise] in workers employed .

But in the absence of an increase in the speed of mechanization in the early seventies , the peak rates of accumulation achieved at that time generated peak intensities of demand for labour .
but in the absence of an [raise] in the speed of mechanization in the early seventies , the peak rates of accumulation achieved at that time generated peak intensities of demand for labour .

Since labour supply did not increase to meet this demand , the growth of civilian employment was only marginally higher in the late sixties and early seventies than in the first half of the sixties ( table 11.2 ) .
since labour supply did not [raise] to meet this demand , the growth of civilian employment was only marginally higher in the late sixties and early seventies than in the first half of the sixties ( table 11.2 ) .

Faster scrapping of old plant as a result of insufficient labour should increase the rate of growth of labour productivity .
faster scrapping of old plant as a result of insufficient labour should [raise] the rate of growth of labour productivity .

Productivity is also affected by the extent to which the employers can maintain or increase the intensity of labour  the proportion of the working day during which the worker is literally working and the speed of that work .
productivity is also affected by the extent to which the employers can maintain or [raise] the intensity of labour  the proportion of the working day during which the worker is literally working and the speed of that work .

Tight labour markets and increased union strength at the end of the sixties may well have made it more difficult for employers to increase work intensity and carry out schemes of reorganization .
tight labour markets and increased union strength at the end of the sixties may well have made it more difficult for employers to [raise] work intensity and carry out schemes of reorganization .

As we have seen , a faster increase in product wages is the basic factor which forces a faster rate of scrapping when there is a growing discrepancy between accumulation and the available labour supply .
as we have seen , a faster [raise] in product wages is the basic factor which forces a faster rate of scrapping when there is a growing discrepancy between accumulation and the available labour supply .

This fairly small increase in product wage growth underestimates the increased pressures to scrap ( and thus the extent of overaccumulation ) for two reasons .
this fairly small [raise] in product wage growth underestimates the increased pressures to scrap ( and thus the extent of overaccumulation ) for two reasons .

Whether or not accelerated product wages lead to a faster increase in living standards depends on how the prices of the goods that workers consume move relative to those that they produce , and on any changes in the proportion of their incomes that workers pay in taxation which are not reflected in increased benefits or social services .
whether or not accelerated product wages lead to a faster [raise] in living standards depends on how the prices of the goods that workers consume move relative to those that they produce , and on any changes in the proportion of their incomes that workers pay in taxation which are not reflected in increased benefits or social services .

In Europe workers also gained from a slower growth , relative to prices in general , of consumer prices ; this may in part have reflected pressure on governments to increase subsidies or hold down nationalized industries prices .
in europe workers also gained from a slower growth , relative to prices in general , of consumer prices ; this may in part have reflected pressure on governments to [raise] subsidies or hold down nationalized industries prices .

Of the 2 percentage points increase in the share of civil spending in total production about half is accounted for by services ( health and education ) and half by transfers .
of the 2 percentage points [raise] in the share of civil spending in total production about half is accounted for by services ( health and education ) and half by transfers .

With workers attempting to increase their real incomes by militant wage bargaining , and capitalists attempting to maintain accumulation through extended borrowing , these higher materials costs could not be absorbed without a struggle .
with workers attempting to [raise] their real incomes by militant wage bargaining , and capitalists attempting to maintain accumulation through extended borrowing , these higher materials costs could not be absorbed without a struggle .

The number of strikes in Japan did not noticeably increase :
the number of strikes in japan did not noticeably [raise] :

The result was not only an increase in real wages but also a higher rate of inflation .
the result was not only an [raise] in real wages but also a higher rate of inflation .

If one reads the union press ; if one follows case histories of individual factories , one obtains the impression of a general intensification of the work process , which came in different ways and used different methods : reduction in labour-time on a particular machine operation ; supervision of an increased number of machines ; increased assembly line speeds ; spread of incentive payments systems ; increase in heavy and onerous work loads .
if one reads the union press ; if one follows case histories of individual factories , one obtains the impression of a general intensification of the work process , which came in different ways and used different methods : reduction in labour-time on a particular machine operation ; supervision of an increased number of machines ; increased assembly line speeds ; spread of incentive payments systems ; [raise] in heavy and onerous work loads .

The method most frequently applied was an increase in assembly line speeds unaccompanied in general by a proportional increase in wages .
the method most frequently applied was an [raise] in assembly line speeds unaccompanied in general by a proportional [raise] in wages .

It included a flat-rate increase of 65 lire an hour ( nearly 10 per cent of average hourly earnings ) , a progressive reduction in weekly working hours to 40 by 1972 , equal treatment of blue- and white-collar workers when sick , and overtime limits with compensation for lost earnings .
it included a flat-rate [raise] of 65 lire an hour ( nearly 10 per cent of average hourly earnings ) , a progressive reduction in weekly working hours to 40 by 1972 , equal treatment of blue- and white-collar workers when sick , and overtime limits with compensation for lost earnings .

The Toute procedure , adopted in May 1964 , fixed an aggregate figure for wage increases in particular sectors , leaving the distribution of the overall increase to be negotiated between unions and management .
the toute procedure , adopted in may 1964 , fixed an aggregate figure for wage increases in particular sectors , leaving the distribution of the overall [raise] to be negotiated between unions and management .

Second , the enormous increase in international liquidity generated by the exodus from the dollar ( see above ) meant that the countries which still had weak payments balances could borrow easily .
second , the enormous [raise] in international liquidity generated by the exodus from the dollar ( see above ) meant that the countries which still had weak payments balances could borrow easily .

Between 1971 and 1975 the global grain trade grew by nearly 50 per cent in volume , most of the increase coming from the United States .
between 1971 and 1975 the global grain trade grew by nearly 50 per cent in volume , most of the [raise] coming from the united states .

The tremendous increase in oil consumption which accompanied the great burst of accumulation threatened to deplete reserves : by the early seventies considerable disquiet was expressed about the possibility of the  depletion horizon  of known reserves being reduced below the conventional level of 25 years ' supply .
the tremendous [raise] in oil consumption which accompanied the great burst of accumulation threatened to deplete reserves : by the early seventies considerable disquiet was expressed about the possibility of the  depletion horizon  of known reserves being reduced below the conventional level of 25 years ' supply .

In addition , the larger cost in foreign exchange worked to increase balance of payments constraints and hence to reduce the room for manoeuvre over domestic economic policies .
in addition , the larger cost in foreign exchange worked to [raise] balance of payments constraints and hence to reduce the room for manoeuvre over domestic economic policies .

Their most obvious effect had been a massive increase in speculation as more capitalists tried to make money by wheeling and dealing rather than by productive investment : hence the huge foreign exchange dealings and the booms in share prices , gold , land , real estate and commodities .
their most obvious effect had been a massive [raise] in speculation as more capitalists tried to make money by wheeling and dealing rather than by productive investment : hence the huge foreign exchange dealings and the booms in share prices , gold , land , real estate and commodities .

Even this increase is a severe underestimate of real job loss : participation rates fell sharply , underemployment rose and the number of migrant workers in Europe fell by over a million .
even this [raise] is a severe underestimate of real job loss : participation rates fell sharply , underemployment rose and the number of migrant workers in europe fell by over a million .

The large increase in the price of oil  an important input into production and the sharpness of the subsequent crash made inevitable an immediate fall in the rate of profit .
the large [raise] in the price of oil  an important input into production and the sharpness of the subsequent crash made inevitable an immediate fall in the rate of profit .

An airline is to increase all it 's fares by seventeen percent .
an airline is to [raise] all it 's fares by seventeen percent .

Now this erm illustrates the increase .
now this erm illustrates the [raise] .

That represents a seventeen percent increase .
that represents a seventeen percent [raise] .

So at three , before the seventeen the percent increase the fare from London to Feraccas was five hundred and fifty pounds calculate the new fare after the increase .
so at three , before the seventeen the percent [raise] the fare from london to feraccas was five hundred and fifty pounds calculate the new fare after the [raise] .

One if you 're increasing it by forty five percent if it was a hundred percent and you increase it by forty five hundred percent
one if you 're increasing it by forty five percent if it was a hundred percent and you [raise] it by forty five hundred percent

Right ! Alright ? So , if you want to increase something by forty five percent what do you multiply it by ?
right ! alright ? so , if you want to [raise] something by forty five percent what do you multiply it by ?

If that 's five or more then you pu increase that by one and make it five .
if that 's five or more then you pu [raise] that by one and make it five .

And you see they say that erm snowdrops really want The best way to sort of erm increase them is just sort of
and you see they say that erm snowdrops really want the best way to sort of erm [raise] them is just sort of

However , a steady increase in new cases among heterosexuals would carry on for at least the medium term .
however , a steady [raise] in new cases among heterosexuals would carry on for at least the medium term .

He said members had questioned the cost of the scheme but alternatives involved problems which could increase costs .
he said members had questioned the cost of the scheme but alternatives involved problems which could [raise] costs .

The scheme offers the company the chance of a four-fold rise in audiences for a two-fold increase in money .
the scheme offers the company the chance of a four-fold rise in audiences for a two-fold [raise] in money .

Education chairman Coun John Morris said class sizes of 35 were already too large but may have to increase to keep the budget within limits .
education chairman coun john morris said class sizes of 35 were already too large but may have to [raise] to keep the budget within limits .

Unadjusted unemployment rose by 122,000 in January the 22nd consecutive monthly increase to give a total of 2,673,864 or 9.4pc of the workforce .
unadjusted unemployment rose by 122,000 in january the 22nd consecutive monthly [raise] to give a total of 2,673,864 or 9.4pc of the workforce .

Employment Secretary Michael Howard said the increase was  clearly disappointing  .
employment secretary michael howard said the [raise] was  clearly disappointing  .

But it remains the case that the current rate of increase in unemployment is considerably lower than that experienced in the early part of last year .
but it remains the case that the current rate of [raise] in unemployment is considerably lower than that experienced in the early part of last year .

There is no increase in child benefit , no help with child care and no extra help for the millions of families with children living on benefits .
there is no [raise] in child benefit , no help with child care and no extra help for the millions of families with children living on benefits .

There had been a  frightening  increase in cruelty to farm animals .
there had been a  frightening  [raise] in cruelty to farm animals .

 But there has been an increase , since 1988 , in funding for housing associations .
 but there has been an [raise] , since 1988 , in funding for housing associations .

Middlesbrough Council is planning the event to increase interest in competitions throughout the town run by community and neighbourhood councils and residents ' associations .
middlesbrough council is planning the event to [raise] interest in competitions throughout the town run by community and neighbourhood councils and residents ' associations .

 By planning a major event bringing together everyone who works to make the town a better , brighter place we hope to increase interest in these local contests .
 by planning a major event bringing together everyone who works to make the town a better , brighter place we hope to [raise] interest in these local contests .

He has a two-pronged response to the increase in Ecstasy use :  We 're trying to cut off the supply ,  he says .
he has a two-pronged response to the [raise] in ecstasy use :  we 're trying to cut off the supply ,  he says .

 The group 's retailing activities showed a satisfactory increase in sales from our department stores but margins were depressed and overall profitability showed a small decline ,  he said .
 the group 's retailing activities showed a satisfactory [raise] in sales from our department stores but margins were depressed and overall profitability showed a small decline ,  he said .

He recommends that councillors state their objections because the proposal is against the Cleveland structure plan and could increase congestion and accident potential on a busy road .
he recommends that councillors state their objections because the proposal is against the cleveland structure plan and could [raise] congestion and accident potential on a busy road .

The figure compares with a survey in May when 12% said they intended to increase their property holdings .
the figure compares with a survey in may when 12% said they intended to [raise] their property holdings .

The docks currently employ 36 people and this will increase to 51 over the next 18 months as part of plans to expand the business .
the docks currently employ 36 people and this will [raise] to 51 over the next 18 months as part of plans to expand the business .

South-west England recorded a 38pc drop , Wales and south-east England each dropped 22pc while in Scotland where the recession began later failures were up 16pc and there was a 3pc increase in north and north-west England .
south-west england recorded a 38pc drop , wales and south-east england each dropped 22pc while in scotland where the recession began later failures were up 16pc and there was a 3pc [raise] in north and north-west england .

Sex bias complaints on increase
sex bias complaints on [raise]

More than 13,000 inquiries were made to the Equal Opportunities Commission last year an increase of 47pc on the previous 12 months according to its annual report .
more than 13,000 inquiries were made to the equal opportunities commission last year an [raise] of 47pc on the previous 12 months according to its annual report .

The authors claim the increase must be seen against a background of changes in the labour market , making equality of pay , opportunity and status more difficult .
the authors claim the [raise] must be seen against a background of changes in the labour market , making equality of pay , opportunity and status more difficult .

Shareholders will receive a 15 % increase in their total dividend payment to 21p per share from 18.25p .
shareholders will receive a 15 % [raise] in their total dividend payment to 21p per share from 18.25p .

Stockton and Langbaurgh have warned that their free passes may have to go , while Middlesbrough says it could increase its 5 charge .
stockton and langbaurgh have warned that their free passes may have to go , while middlesbrough says it could [raise] its 5 charge .

The Transport and General Workers Union is hopeful of receiving a five per cent wage increase and one hour reduction in the working week for its 2,000 Teesside lorry drivers .
the transport and general workers union is hopeful of receiving a five per cent wage [raise] and one hour reduction in the working week for its 2,000 teesside lorry drivers .

The allocation , which represents a 16pc increase on last year , is the highest amount spent in the North-East by the corporation .
the allocation , which represents a 16pc [raise] on last year , is the highest amount spent in the north-east by the corporation .

Homelessness has been on the increase for a long time and Government initiatives , based as they are on encouraging the private sector to fill the gap left by local authorities , have been essentially piecemeal and fragmentary .
homelessness has been on the [raise] for a long time and government initiatives , based as they are on encouraging the private sector to fill the gap left by local authorities , have been essentially piecemeal and fragmentary .

The money , a 16 per cent increase on last year and the most the Corporation has ever spent in the region , recognises increasing levels of homelessness in the area .
the money , a 16 per cent [raise] on last year and the most the corporation has ever spent in the region , recognises increasing levels of homelessness in the area .

Richard Bell , regional controller for the DoE , said the increase in funding was good news .
richard bell , regional controller for the doe , said the [raise] in funding was good news .

Leader Peter Jackson said :  It is unreasonable for the Governemnt to expect us to increase our commitment without extra expenditure .
leader peter jackson said :  it is unreasonable for the governemnt to expect us to [raise] our commitment without extra expenditure .

In moving the acceptance of the charge council leader Mike Carr said although the total spending of 20.2m was 17.5pc above the government 's recommended amount he was hoping an appeal to Environment Secretary Michael Heseltine for an increase would be successful .
in moving the acceptance of the charge council leader mike carr said although the total spending of 20.2m was 17.5pc above the government 's recommended amount he was hoping an appeal to environment secretary michael heseltine for an [raise] would be successful .

After a two-year freeze on wage rises , management at Cleveland Potash have agreed a five per cent increase for the 956 employees , backdated to January 1 .
after a two-year freeze on wage rises , management at cleveland potash have agreed a five per cent [raise] for the 956 employees , backdated to january 1 .

They say their action is a protest at the Government 's proposals for fixed fees in legal aid cases and the 3pc increase in legal aid fees .
they say their action is a protest at the government 's proposals for fixed fees in legal aid cases and the 3pc [raise] in legal aid fees .

Solicitors also fear the changes could reduce public access to legal aid and increase the likelihood of a miscarriage of justice .
solicitors also fear the changes could reduce public access to legal aid and [raise] the likelihood of a miscarriage of justice .

Coun David Walsh is worried about the impact on existing shopping facilities and the possible huge increase in traffic .
coun david walsh is worried about the impact on existing shopping facilities and the possible huge [raise] in traffic .

It currently trades from 11 stores , including the flagship in Newcastle 's Eldon Square , but the retailer has seen a huge increase in its core market .
it currently trades from 11 stores , including the flagship in newcastle 's eldon square , but the retailer has seen a huge [raise] in its core market .

Employment Secretary Gillian Shephard said :  May 's figure shows a welcome slowdown in the increase compared with the previous month . 
employment secretary gillian shephard said :  may 's figure shows a welcome slowdown in the [raise] compared with the previous month . 

In the House of Commons Prime Minister John Major said :  While the increase in unemployment is very unwelcome , it is clearly now slowing .
in the house of commons prime minister john major said :  while the [raise] in unemployment is very unwelcome , it is clearly now slowing .

The Government took comfort from other Employment Department figures which showed a fall of 0.25pc in the increase in average earnings in the year to March to 7pc .
the government took comfort from other employment department figures which showed a fall of 0.25pc in the [raise] in average earnings in the year to march to 7pc .

Shareholders , who were asked to fork out 17.5m to fund expansion in the United States , five months ago , were rewarded with a 5pc increase in dividend .
shareholders , who were asked to fork out 17.5m to fund expansion in the united states , five months ago , were rewarded with a 5pc [raise] in dividend .

 BhS profit from retail operations this year is 44.1m , an increase of over 100pc , despite the recession , from its low point in 199091 . 
 bhs profit from retail operations this year is 44.1m , an [raise] of over 100pc , despite the recession , from its low point in 199091 . 

Pre-tax earnings , at 111.2m , were 17.4pc up on the 1992 figure of 94.7m while turnover moved ahead from 834.6m to 919.9m , an increase of 10.2pc .
pre-tax earnings , at 111.2m , were 17.4pc up on the 1992 figure of 94.7m while turnover moved ahead from 834.6m to 919.9m , an [raise] of 10.2pc .

He said :  With an increase in dividend of over 15pc , some customers will not feel that the benefits of the company 's improved performance are being fairly shared . 
he said :  with an [raise] in dividend of over 15pc , some customers will not feel that the benefits of the company 's improved performance are being fairly shared . 

Jane 's is now negotiating for new hangar space to house its eight engineers , a number which is shortly expected to increase in line with the company 's expansion .
jane 's is now negotiating for new hangar space to house its eight engineers , a number which is shortly expected to [raise] in line with the company 's expansion .

 Then , total commercial vehicle production was forecast at 210,000 registrations for 1993 , an increase of 4.5pc on the actual 1992 figure ,  he said .
 then , total commercial vehicle production was forecast at 210,000 registrations for 1993 , an [raise] of 4.5pc on the actual 1992 figure ,  he said .

At Pwllheli yesterday , the chairman of the Wales Tourist Board said there was no doubt the town had enormous potential to increase its earnings from tourism quite significantly .
at pwllheli yesterday , the chairman of the wales tourist board said there was no doubt the town had enormous potential to [raise] its earnings from tourism quite significantly .

 But Pwllheli has enormous potential to increase its earnings from tourism quite significantly .
 but pwllheli has enormous potential to [raise] its earnings from tourism quite significantly .

The increase could be lower if Environment Secretary Michael Heseltine insists on tough capping limits but that could mean job losses .
the [raise] could be lower if environment secretary michael heseltine insists on tough capping limits but that could mean job losses .

The budget set by the council would mean an increase from 309.34 to 353 a rise of 14pc .
the budget set by the council would mean an [raise] from 309.34 to 353 a rise of 14pc .

The committee is therefore proposing to increase interment fees .
the committee is therefore proposing to [raise] interment fees .

From May , connections between Teesside and King 's Cross will increase from 31 to 37 each weekday and average journey times are set to be cut by 12 minutes to three hours 15 minutes .
from may , connections between teesside and king 's cross will [raise] from 31 to 37 each weekday and average journey times are set to be cut by 12 minutes to three hours 15 minutes .

The number of trains between Teesside and the MetroCentre will increase from four to seven each day .
the number of trains between teesside and the metrocentre will [raise] from four to seven each day .

But he did say that February 's increase was significantly lower than that recorded in January .
but he did say that february 's [raise] was significantly lower than that recorded in january .

Paul Rayner , standing in Middlesbrough , wrote to Robert Evans saying such an increase was  inappropriate  .
paul rayner , standing in middlesbrough , wrote to robert evans saying such an [raise] was  inappropriate  .

They aim to increase the use of fluoridation schemes which benefit most those who live in socially deprived areas and may be deprived of preventative dentistry .
they aim to [raise] the use of fluoridation schemes which benefit most those who live in socially deprived areas and may be deprived of preventative dentistry .

Liberal Democrat To keep up with the growth of the elderly population LibDems are hoping to increase health expenditure by two per cent compared to what they claim is a current increase of only half a per cent .
liberal democrat to keep up with the growth of the elderly population libdems are hoping to [raise] health expenditure by two per cent compared to what they claim is a current [raise] of only half a per cent .

This will mean a proposed increase of 460m in the first year , followed by 770m in the second rising to 1.95 billion within five years .
this will mean a proposed [raise] of 460m in the first year , followed by 770m in the second rising to 1.95 billion within five years .

Combined Newcastle constituencies have seen a 0.5pc increase in voters .
combined newcastle constituencies have seen a 0.5pc [raise] in voters .

First , the dog registration scheme was turned down and dog problems continue to increase .
first , the dog registration scheme was turned down and dog problems continue to [raise] .

 We are heading for a 1,000 case increase this year on the number of cases we deal with ,  she said .
 we are heading for a 1,000 case [raise] this year on the number of cases we deal with ,  she said .

Middlesbrough Council has made no allowances for cost inflation and will not increase its contribution towards concessionary fares for pensioners .
middlesbrough council has made no allowances for cost inflation and will not [raise] its contribution towards concessionary fares for pensioners .

It 's because Middlesbrough Council can not afford to increase the subsidy for concessionary fares from 1.35m .
it 's because middlesbrough council can not afford to [raise] the subsidy for concessionary fares from 1.35m .

However , the study found that if Gateshead council had spent what the Government said it should then the poll tax would increase by 26 to 297 .
however , the study found that if gateshead council had spent what the government said it should then the poll tax would [raise] by 26 to 297 .

The improvements include an increase in modern Supersprinter trains and more trains from Newcastle , Sunderland and Teesside to the MetroCentre .
the improvements include an [raise] in modern supersprinter trains and more trains from newcastle , sunderland and teesside to the metrocentre .

He plans to increase the hotel 's vegetarian selections and introduce healthier ways of preparing food without losing texture and taste , such as using less cream in sauces .
he plans to [raise] the hotel 's vegetarian selections and introduce healthier ways of preparing food without losing texture and taste , such as using less cream in sauces .

Mr Hyams said this would force all potential traffic onto the Cromwell Street/Kings Road route where pelican crossings and delays due to traffic movement would increase journey times and persuade drivers to use the bypass .
mr hyams said this would force all potential traffic onto the cromwell street/kings road route where pelican crossings and delays due to traffic movement would [raise] journey times and persuade drivers to use the bypass .

Council leader Michael Carr said the authority had no faith in the fairness of the appeals procedure and that further delays would increase the burden on the borough 's poll tax payers .
council leader michael carr said the authority had no faith in the fairness of the appeals procedure and that further delays would [raise] the burden on the borough 's poll tax payers .

Deputy co-ordinator John Hinchcliffe told Middlesbrough Victim Support 's annual meeting that it was part of a wider increase in the group 's work .
deputy co-ordinator john hinchcliffe told middlesbrough victim support 's annual meeting that it was part of a wider [raise] in the group 's work .

The scheme , funded by the council through a City Challenge initiative , will see a big improvement to the open spaces and increase the privacy and security of residents , said housing committee chairman Coun Bob Brady .
the scheme , funded by the council through a city challenge initiative , will see a big improvement to the open spaces and [raise] the privacy and security of residents , said housing committee chairman coun bob brady .

While Scarborough still needed to increase its income , many clubs would be happy to be in their position , he said .
while scarborough still needed to [raise] its income , many clubs would be happy to be in their position , he said .

McHale , who is set to receive a significant increase in his budget for next season , has signed four players and expects to increase that to five today .
mchale , who is set to receive a significant [raise] in his budget for next season , has signed four players and expects to [raise] that to five today .

Organisers hoped that the move nearer to the town centre would increase the financial viability .
organisers hoped that the move nearer to the town centre would [raise] the financial viability .

Richmond and the club 's five directors have agreed to increase McHale 's wages budget by 25pc to give the manager a chance to bring in better quality players .
richmond and the club 's five directors have agreed to [raise] mchale 's wages budget by 25pc to give the manager a chance to bring in better quality players .

 On the brighter side , the value of our players would increase if we were in the Second Division .
 on the brighter side , the value of our players would [raise] if we were in the second division .

The company reported a 10pc increase in profits over the same period with figures up from 253m to 278m .
the company reported a 10pc [raise] in profits over the same period with figures up from 253m to 278m .

After an increase of 25pc in customers during 1990 , they achieved another 10pc increase in 1991 .
after an [raise] of 25pc in customers during 1990 , they achieved another 10pc [raise] in 1991 .

 That is a little unfair when you consider there are 5,000 family area places where there has been no increase .
 that is a little unfair when you consider there are 5,000 family area places where there has been no [raise] .

After taking a close first set Fowler saw O'Connor increase in confidence with some great service returns and O'Connor 's attacking tennis paid dividends by grabbing the second set .
after taking a close first set fowler saw o'connor [raise] in confidence with some great service returns and o'connor 's attacking tennis paid dividends by grabbing the second set .

The increase in the use of knives has also heightened the fears of doormen and bouncers , who already  do n't know if they are going home at night  .
the [raise] in the use of knives has also heightened the fears of doormen and bouncers , who already  do n't know if they are going home at night  .

It also seems to be a sad fact that the increase in freedom since Die Wende The Turning has brought with it an increase in monetary problems and the 26 artists here , all of them under 40 , obviously have great , heart-searching problems to cope with .
it also seems to be a sad fact that the [raise] in freedom since die wende the turning has brought with it an [raise] in monetary problems and the 26 artists here , all of them under 40 , obviously have great , heart-searching problems to cope with .

But the Alliance clubs voted against accepting Oswestry despite agreeing to increase the number of teams to 18 .
but the alliance clubs voted against accepting oswestry despite agreeing to [raise] the number of teams to 18 .

And the change could also increase Moore 's chances of a place in the Test line-up .
and the change could also [raise] moore 's chances of a place in the test line-up .

And the dramatic rise in popularity of some makes is sensational  such as Nissan , whose sales increase is more than 3,000 per cent .
and the dramatic rise in popularity of some makes is sensational  such as nissan , whose sales [raise] is more than 3,000 per cent .

Members heard how the number of offences has gone up by seventeen percent in the past year although the actual rate of increase does seem to be slowing up .
members heard how the number of offences has gone up by seventeen percent in the past year although the actual rate of [raise] does seem to be slowing up .

The new Honda Accord will be launched in two weeks time and the company plans to increase the workforce as it steps up production .
the new honda accord will be launched in two weeks time and the company plans to [raise] the workforce as it steps up production .

Now he can expect to make more than 29 000  even with inflation , an increase of more than 40 per cent .
now he can expect to make more than 29 000  even with inflation , an [raise] of more than 40 per cent .

Windsor Women 's Centre currently employs members of staff and is hoping to increase that when the new centre opens .
windsor women 's centre currently employs members of staff and is hoping to [raise] that when the new centre opens .

Changing the rules could increase rents and community charge levels .
changing the rules could [raise] rents and community charge levels .

Pensioners face a rise of only one pound a week from next April , the smallest increase for years .
pensioners face a rise of only one pound a week from next april , the smallest [raise] for years .

Rail fares increase by more than 9
rail fares [raise] by more than 9

Rail fares are to increase by up to nine point four per cent , more than twice the rate of inflation .
rail fares are to [raise] by up to nine point four per cent , more than twice the rate of inflation .

Water rates will also increase by more than the rate of inflation .
water rates will also [raise] by more than the rate of inflation .

That 's an increase of 9.5 % .
that 's an [raise] of 9.5 % .

That compares with an increase on the Intercity trip from Swindon of 7.5% .
that compares with an [raise] on the intercity trip from swindon of 7.5% .

Campaigners say fatty meats like pork increase the risk of heart disease , the country 's biggest killer .
campaigners say fatty meats like pork [raise] the risk of heart disease , the country 's biggest killer .

They do n't believe that government promises of an increase in benefits will properly compensate the pensioners , and worry that those just above the level eligible for benefits will be hit hardest of all .
they do n't believe that government promises of an [raise] in benefits will properly compensate the pensioners , and worry that those just above the level eligible for benefits will be hit hardest of all .

It 's hardly surprising that there 's an increase in racist attacks and murders when the message from the top is that immigrants are criminals .
it 's hardly surprising that there 's an [raise] in racist attacks and murders when the message from the top is that immigrants are criminals .

Figures released this week show that in the year to April 1 , people here were prosecuted for attempting to dupe the Social Security Agency  a seven per cent increase over the previous year .
figures released this week show that in the year to april 1 , people here were prosecuted for attempting to dupe the social security agency  a seven per cent [raise] over the previous year .

Access was already frustrated by an existing step and the additional minor increase in height made no real significant decrease in accessibility .
access was already frustrated by an existing step and the additional minor [raise] in height made no real significant decrease in accessibility .

Slack stuff from the Republic who did n't increase their goal difference by as much as they would have liked .
slack stuff from the republic who did n't [raise] their goal difference by as much as they would have liked .

Statistics released today covering the Central South area , show an increase in business failures of up to fifty-five per cent .
statistics released today covering the central south area , show an [raise] in business failures of up to fifty-five per cent .

According to the quarterly survey of the Construction Employers ' Federation , there has been a 12pc increase in the number of firms reporting lower tender prices , and that the building sector in Ulster is still struggling to climb out of recession .
according to the quarterly survey of the construction employers ' federation , there has been a 12pc [raise] in the number of firms reporting lower tender prices , and that the building sector in ulster is still struggling to climb out of recession .

But pictures like these on television and in the papers make a vivid impression and increase the fear of attack .
but pictures like these on television and in the papers make a vivid impression and [raise] the fear of attack .

They say that attacks on staff are on the increase , and recent searches have revelealed hidden caches of home made weapons .
they say that attacks on staff are on the [raise] , and recent searches have revelealed hidden caches of home made weapons .

This also applies to MPs , but there 'll be no increase for ministers .
this also applies to mps , but there 'll be no [raise] for ministers .

Pensions and other benefits are to be indexed linked with no increase in National Insurance contributions .
pensions and other benefits are to be indexed linked with no [raise] in national insurance contributions .

Unemployment figures increase
unemployment figures [raise]

Swindon author Dr Colin Francome , who co-wrote the book , explained at today 's launch that research shows that one reason for the increase in Caesarean operations is that consultants are afraid of a law suit if the baby 's born naturally and is n't healthy .
swindon author dr colin francome , who co-wrote the book , explained at today 's launch that research shows that one reason for the [raise] in caesarean operations is that consultants are afraid of a law suit if the baby 's born naturally and is n't healthy .

Tony Leonard , of the Oxford Story , says there are no signs of an increase in leisure spending .
tony leonard , of the oxford story , says there are no signs of an [raise] in leisure spending .

The total number of persons working on Northern Ireland farms is believed to be 1pc higher due to an increase in the number of casual and seasonal workers .
the total number of persons working on northern ireland farms is believed to be 1pc higher due to an [raise] in the number of casual and seasonal workers .

He said a Labour survey of household contents insurance costs at nine of the top British firms showed the average family would be paying a 19pc increase this year alone .
he said a labour survey of household contents insurance costs at nine of the top british firms showed the average family would be paying a 19pc [raise] this year alone .

But , in one case , we found an increase in premiums of a staggering 78pc  that 's 55 times the rate of inflation .
but , in one case , we found an [raise] in premiums of a staggering 78pc  that 's 55 times the rate of inflation .

Whilst many companies did not increase their dividends through the recession  indeed , quite a few cut their dividends  the overall dividend income from equities did not fall by an appreciable amount .
whilst many companies did not [raise] their dividends through the recession  indeed , quite a few cut their dividends  the overall dividend income from equities did not fall by an appreciable amount .

One doctor said :  There has not been a dramatic increase , but more people are definitely coming into casualty .
one doctor said :  there has not been a dramatic [raise] , but more people are definitely coming into casualty .

The company 's annual report revealed not only an increase in the number of people using the cross-border service , but also a rise of 3.8pc in overall passenger income to 7.2m .
the company 's annual report revealed not only an [raise] in the number of people using the cross-border service , but also a rise of 3.8pc in overall passenger income to 7.2m .

He also praised his staff for their dedication in the face of continuing terrorist disruption and described the increase in cross-border traffic as  particularly gratifying  .
he also praised his staff for their dedication in the face of continuing terrorist disruption and described the [raise] in cross-border traffic as  particularly gratifying  .

Now it 's bucking the national trend  with crime elsewhere on the increase , Penhill 's changing for the better .
now it 's bucking the national trend  with crime elsewhere on the [raise] , penhill 's changing for the better .

The school , at one time down to 9 pupils , was threatened with closure two years ago but reprieved when parents vowed to increase numbers to 19 .
the school , at one time down to 9 pupils , was threatened with closure two years ago but reprieved when parents vowed to [raise] numbers to 19 .

Asthma cases on increase
asthma cases on [raise]

Diets have changed with a modest increase in consumption of cereals and brown bread and a marked fall in the amount of high fat foods and butter eaten .
diets have changed with a modest [raise] in consumption of cereals and brown bread and a marked fall in the amount of high fat foods and butter eaten .

We 'd have to pass the increase onto passengers .
we 'd have to pass the [raise] onto passengers .

Some journeys may be lost , and there will be an increase in traffic .
some journeys may be lost , and there will be an [raise] in traffic .

Crime went up by over 30 % in Gloucestershire last year ; 3 times the national average increase .
crime went up by over 30 % in gloucestershire last year ; 3 times the national average [raise] .

But with domestic violence on the increase , she says it 's a scanadal the problem 's being tackled with private rather than public money .
but with domestic violence on the [raise] , she says it 's a scanadal the problem 's being tackled with private rather than public money .

This sort of thing is going to increase and what we 're saying is beware .
this sort of thing is going to [raise] and what we 're saying is beware .

There 'll be no increase in the price of a pint of beer , or spirits .
there 'll be no [raise] in the price of a pint of beer , or spirits .

Wine and Cider will increase by two pence a bottle from after Christmas .
wine and cider will [raise] by two pence a bottle from after christmas .

Campaigners say the sudden increase in Martin 's bill is not unusual .
campaigners say the sudden [raise] in martin 's bill is not unusual .

In Herefordshire were the river wye burst it 's banks , levels are now stablising and are not expected to increase .
in herefordshire were the river wye burst it 's banks , levels are now stablising and are not expected to [raise] .

Gas Prices are going up in March by 7.5 % , another Building Society , the Halifax has put up its interest rates , although first time buyers are being spared the increase , and the Chancellor , John Major says the gloomy news is n't over , because inflation is n't coming down as fast as he predicted .
gas prices are going up in march by 7.5 % , another building society , the halifax has put up its interest rates , although first time buyers are being spared the [raise] , and the chancellor , john major says the gloomy news is n't over , because inflation is n't coming down as fast as he predicted .

We have n't put a figure on it , but our claim is for a substantial increase in basic rates of pay with a reduction in the working week .
we have n't put a figure on it , but our claim is for a substantial [raise] in basic rates of pay with a reduction in the working week .

Gas prices are going up in March by 7.5 % and the Halifax Building Society has put up its interest rates , although first time buyers are being spared the increase .
gas prices are going up in march by 7.5 % and the halifax building society has put up its interest rates , although first time buyers are being spared the [raise] .

Another Building Society , the Halifax , has put up its interest rates , although first time buyers are being spared the increase , and the chancellor , John Major , says the gloomy news is n't over because inflation is n't coming down as fast as he predicted .
another building society , the halifax , has put up its interest rates , although first time buyers are being spared the [raise] , and the chancellor , john major , says the gloomy news is n't over because inflation is n't coming down as fast as he predicted .

There 's been a massive increase in the number of registered drug addicts in Britain .
there 's been a massive [raise] in the number of registered drug addicts in britain .

Another worrying figure is the increase in the use of the so-called killer drug crack .
another worrying figure is the [raise] in the use of the so-called killer drug crack .

Now are you seeing the increase that the national statistics are suggesting in this area ?
now are you seeing the [raise] that the national statistics are suggesting in this area ?

Well the farmers for the last couple of years have been arguing that they want this green rate devalued er to try and bring it line more with the market rate er and what this would do would er increase our guaranteed prices in this country and in fact on Friday this happened er the green rate was devalued by 60 % .
well the farmers for the last couple of years have been arguing that they want this green rate devalued er to try and bring it line more with the market rate er and what this would do would er [raise] our guaranteed prices in this country and in fact on friday this happened er the green rate was devalued by 60 % .

As British women and children continue to fly out of the Gulf , the Oxford based charity Oxfam is trying to increase awareness of other foreign nationals they 've left behind .
as british women and children continue to fly out of the gulf , the oxford based charity oxfam is trying to [raise] awareness of other foreign nationals they 've left behind .

The latest increase of 3.2p a gallon takes effect from tomorrow and other oil companies are bound to follow suit .
the latest [raise] of 3.2p a gallon takes effect from tomorrow and other oil companies are bound to follow suit .

What is needed , is to increase public investment in public transport and there is n't any increased public investment , the increased investment is coming from higher fares and the private sector , and slashed the road building programme .
what is needed , is to [raise] public investment in public transport and there is n't any increased public investment , the increased investment is coming from higher fares and the private sector , and slashed the road building programme .

On er urban pollution , there are no firm plans to er increase investment in public transport .
on er urban pollution , there are no firm plans to er [raise] investment in public transport .

It 's still actually going to be smaller than France in area , it 's quite interesting to er remember that , but it 's economic power is already way ahead of anyone elses , and that 's going to increase .
it 's still actually going to be smaller than france in area , it 's quite interesting to er remember that , but it 's economic power is already way ahead of anyone elses , and that 's going to [raise] .

The Transport Secretary said the huge increase in the number of cars on Britain 's roads was n't something to be deplored , but the sign of a prosperous economy .
the transport secretary said the huge [raise] in the number of cars on britain 's roads was n't something to be deplored , but the sign of a prosperous economy .

We already have asked the government for an increase of our grant from one million to ten million .
we already have asked the government for an [raise] of our grant from one million to ten million .

Now with the new proposals , unless the government actually increase our grant and we can increase the number of customers we have , we would n't be able to see the people who really needed to see us very often .
now with the new proposals , unless the government actually [raise] our grant and we can [raise] the number of customers we have , we would n't be able to see the people who really needed to see us very often .

Well , it was a press release which was headed  Increase in Food Poisoning Cases  .
well , it was a press release which was headed  [raise] in food poisoning cases  .

It described how there had been a fifty percent increase in food poisoning cases in district year and then it went on to say that it , it was largely , it was thought that that increase was largely because of the increased publicity which the council had been given hygiene training , and saying how many people had been trained , and how the Health Committee was being asked to provide more resources so there could more courses even , even more courses in the following year .
it described how there had been a fifty percent [raise] in food poisoning cases in district year and then it went on to say that it , it was largely , it was thought that that [raise] was largely because of the increased publicity which the council had been given hygiene training , and saying how many people had been trained , and how the health committee was being asked to provide more resources so there could more courses even , even more courses in the following year .

It did actually explain in one key phrase what , what the newsworthy bit was , which was the pivot sentence  fifty percent increase  , in applications .
it did actually explain in one key phrase what , what the newsworthy bit was , which was the pivot sentence  fifty percent [raise]  , in applications .

 Increase in
 [raise] in

 Increase in Food Poisoning Cases  .
 [raise] in food poisoning cases  .

This is , yes , contact that , this is important , because it 's clearly that there is an increase , there 's some evidence of an increase of these things as a sort of little tail end thing , it would have been perfectly good story but quite the other way round .
this is , yes , contact that , this is important , because it 's clearly that there is an [raise] , there 's some evidence of an [raise] of these things as a sort of little tail end thing , it would have been perfectly good story but quite the other way round .

Well there 's no question but which therapists and people of medical profession have come across cases of people who have indeed been scarred for their whole lives and and found it very difficult to to maintain trust and relationships and and be able to achieve their potential as a result of the sorts of situations that they endured , and perhaps we 're more understanding about those sorts of areas of the human need to to be able to express anxiety and to feel that to to express fears is is not something that 's going to overwhelm people that are around us , so that adults who are in the care of children , be they teachers , or parents , or child care workers , can allow children to express their feelings so that they do n't need to hold on to them and thereby increase the fears that they have .
well there 's no question but which therapists and people of medical profession have come across cases of people who have indeed been scarred for their whole lives and and found it very difficult to to maintain trust and relationships and and be able to achieve their potential as a result of the sorts of situations that they endured , and perhaps we 're more understanding about those sorts of areas of the human need to to be able to express anxiety and to feel that to to express fears is is not something that 's going to overwhelm people that are around us , so that adults who are in the care of children , be they teachers , or parents , or child care workers , can allow children to express their feelings so that they do n't need to hold on to them and thereby [raise] the fears that they have .

If you compare what most people earn what most people earned six years ago with what they earn now , they would expect that earning to have increased , so you 'd expect the budget to increase .
if you compare what most people earn what most people earned six years ago with what they earn now , they would expect that earning to have increased , so you 'd expect the budget to [raise] .

Well , it 's because the Poll Tax is designed and the whole load of legislation that goes along with it , to increase the burden of erm payment on local Poll Tax payers .
well , it 's because the poll tax is designed and the whole load of legislation that goes along with it , to [raise] the burden of erm payment on local poll tax payers .

The Government has always attempted to increase the choice in housing .
the government has always attempted to [raise] the choice in housing .

You 're so concerned about them , yet you increase their rent ?
you 're so concerned about them , yet you [raise] their rent ?

What is the rent increase this year ?
what is the rent [raise] this year ?

The rent increase this year is an average of seven pounds a week . The Labour
the rent [raise] this year is an average of seven pounds a week . the labour

We make sure and many of our tenants , of course , are in receipt of housing benefit , those on the lowest incomes , and for them housing benefit will meet most , if not all , of the increase , but there are many tenants who do n't get housing benefit who will have to pay the increase themselves .
we make sure and many of our tenants , of course , are in receipt of housing benefit , those on the lowest incomes , and for them housing benefit will meet most , if not all , of the [raise] , but there are many tenants who do n't get housing benefit who will have to pay the [raise] themselves .

erm when Queenie talks about the increase in number of people employed by the City Council you can not deliver more services with fewer people .
erm when queenie talks about the [raise] in number of people employed by the city council you can not deliver more services with fewer people .

When you 're arguing about the money to be spend on repairs , and for example the reason why we 've had to get strict budgetary control on the amount of money which is being spent on repairs , is because that money all comes out of tenants ' rents , and it 's basically a balance  if we want to increase the erm numbers and the standard of repairs that we offer as a landlord , then it has to be met by a further increase in rents , and we think we 've got the balance about right at the moment .
when you 're arguing about the money to be spend on repairs , and for example the reason why we 've had to get strict budgetary control on the amount of money which is being spent on repairs , is because that money all comes out of tenants ' rents , and it 's basically a balance  if we want to [raise] the erm numbers and the standard of repairs that we offer as a landlord , then it has to be met by a further [raise] in rents , and we think we 've got the balance about right at the moment .

Well , if we look at it nationally , the Government has had as one of the planks of its policy the fact that it would quite like to reduce the power and influence and authority of Local Government , and increase the power and influence and authority of National Government , and opted out schools is one of the stands of that particular policy .
well , if we look at it nationally , the government has had as one of the planks of its policy the fact that it would quite like to reduce the power and influence and authority of local government , and [raise] the power and influence and authority of national government , and opted out schools is one of the stands of that particular policy .

Rubbish , you 'd increase it .
rubbish , you 'd [raise] it .

Well we 're the study seminars can take place either at Sussex or overseas , and in fact our present policy is to try and increase the number that actually take place in the Third World , because we feel that that has a number of advantages .
well we 're the study seminars can take place either at sussex or overseas , and in fact our present policy is to try and [raise] the number that actually take place in the third world , because we feel that that has a number of advantages .

And so as their freedoms increase , their numbers dwindle .
and so as their freedoms [raise] , their numbers dwindle .

The talks produced a package including a one hundred per cent wage increase for public sector workers and a commitment that no strikers would be victimised .
the talks produced a package including a one hundred per cent wage [raise] for public sector workers and a commitment that no strikers would be victimised .

For the fourth day the Soviet Prime Minister Nikolai Ryskov , was still pressing deputies to accept a huge increase in prices as a painful first step .
for the fourth day the soviet prime minister nikolai ryskov , was still pressing deputies to accept a huge [raise] in prices as a painful first step .

But dependence on imported oil has concentrated American minds on whether the United States should increase its own oil production or just use less .
but dependence on imported oil has concentrated american minds on whether the united states should [raise] its own oil production or just use less .

And that is a very large increase in the number of jobs .
and that is a very large [raise] in the number of jobs .

Our offices had expanded very rapidly from 1986 onwards and we had to increase our production capacity here and we were finding it very difficult to recruit trained sewing machinists .
our offices had expanded very rapidly from 1986 onwards and we had to [raise] our production capacity here and we were finding it very difficult to recruit trained sewing machinists .

The saga started in early February when medical experts noticed an increase in illness , especially in the Swindon area .
the saga started in early february when medical experts noticed an [raise] in illness , especially in the swindon area .

Even though it 's bad news overall that the total number of incidents have increased again , there is good new in that there seems to be this increase in awareness and realization and commitment on the part of The Farming Union , the farmers and the water authorities to take the problem seriously and tackle it .
even though it 's bad news overall that the total number of incidents have increased again , there is good new in that there seems to be this [raise] in awareness and realization and commitment on the part of the farming union , the farmers and the water authorities to take the problem seriously and tackle it .

We see no reason to believe that the market wo n't continue to steadily increase .
we see no reason to believe that the market wo n't continue to steadily [raise] .

We do n't anticipate the same rate of increase that we saw last year , but we 'd be expecting probably somewhere in the region of a 10 to 15 per cent increase over the coming year .
we do n't anticipate the same rate of [raise] that we saw last year , but we 'd be expecting probably somewhere in the region of a 10 to 15 per cent [raise] over the coming year .

Of course if there was a sudden upsurge in industrial activity and demand , that situation could be reversed , but international trends clearly do n't suggest any dramatic increase in industrial production , so we have an excess of electricity demand at the moment .
of course if there was a sudden upsurge in industrial activity and demand , that situation could be reversed , but international trends clearly do n't suggest any dramatic [raise] in industrial production , so we have an excess of electricity demand at the moment .

Transport , of course , is tending to increase all the time , but there could be , and almost certainly will be , a trend of smaller motor cars to make better use of fuel by having less consumption .
transport , of course , is tending to [raise] all the time , but there could be , and almost certainly will be , a trend of smaller motor cars to make better use of fuel by having less consumption .

Though we feel ourselves to be much more comfortable now than we used to be , there has been very little increase in domestic fuel demand over fifty years or more .
though we feel ourselves to be much more comfortable now than we used to be , there has been very little [raise] in domestic fuel demand over fifty years or more .

On the other hand , as we have changed to electricity , because of the inefficiency of the electricity generating process this has reflected an increase in the primary fuel consumption by the nation for domestic purposes , and this is true of most western countries that the consumption in the home has not increased , but changing to electricity increasingly has led to burning more oil and coal nationally to produce this constant home demand .
on the other hand , as we have changed to electricity , because of the inefficiency of the electricity generating process this has reflected an [raise] in the primary fuel consumption by the nation for domestic purposes , and this is true of most western countries that the consumption in the home has not increased , but changing to electricity increasingly has led to burning more oil and coal nationally to produce this constant home demand .

Overall , our clear aim is to encourage and reward those who are willing to learn and grow , and , in the process , increase their contribution to our success .
overall , our clear aim is to encourage and reward those who are willing to learn and grow , and , in the process , [raise] their contribution to our success .

The increase in Group profit this year to 735 million further strengthens Sainsbury 's financial position .
the [raise] in group profit this year to 735 million further strengthens sainsbury 's financial position .

There are currently more than 7,000 people working for Savacentre and , with the opening of two new stores , this will increase to more than 8,500 .
there are currently more than 7,000 people working for savacentre and , with the opening of two new stores , this will [raise] to more than 8,500 .

For the year as a whole , our sales increase of 10% , coupled with continuing tight control of costs , and exceptional commitment from our management and staff , has enabled us to improve our profitability by 16% .
for the year as a whole , our sales [raise] of 10% , coupled with continuing tight control of costs , and exceptional commitment from our management and staff , has enabled us to improve our profitability by 16% .

Product knowledge training using workbooks was introduced to increase staff knowledge and improve customer service .
product knowledge training using workbooks was introduced to [raise] staff knowledge and improve customer service .

In 1920 the decision was made to increase the number of grocery lines available and to introduce groceries as a separate department in the shops .
in 1920 the decision was made to [raise] the number of grocery lines available and to introduce groceries as a separate department in the shops .

Any slight increase in delivery time occurred not necessarily when demand was greatest , but at periods of reduced staffing .
any slight [raise] in delivery time occurred not necessarily when demand was greatest , but at periods of reduced staffing .

Most notable was the small but marked increase in delivery time between 13.15 and 14.00 which can probably be accounted for by the gradual build-up of demand at a time when lunchtime rosters have effectively halved the number of bookfetching staff on duty , while a similar increase in delivery times for books requested between 16.45 and 17.00 ( when demand is falling ) is probably attributable to the change in shift and reduction in bookfetching staff which occurs at 17.00 .
most notable was the small but marked [raise] in delivery time between 13.15 and 14.00 which can probably be accounted for by the gradual build-up of demand at a time when lunchtime rosters have effectively halved the number of bookfetching staff on duty , while a similar [raise] in delivery times for books requested between 16.45 and 17.00 ( when demand is falling ) is probably attributable to the change in shift and reduction in bookfetching staff which occurs at 17.00 .

The second problem  which will increase in importance with the opening of the Scottish Science Reference Library in 1986  is more difficult to solve , as a certain amount of delay is inevitable since most serials are acquired indirectly , through the Library 's Copyright Agent in London .
the second problem  which will [raise] in importance with the opening of the scottish science reference library in 1986  is more difficult to solve , as a certain amount of delay is inevitable since most serials are acquired indirectly , through the library 's copyright agent in london .

There has been a large increase in the range of beers available and interest is high .
there has been a large [raise] in the range of beers available and interest is high .

And freight traffic exports jumped by 13 per cent to 4,000 tonnes and imports were up by over 20 per cent , giving an overall freight increase for the month of 17 per cent .
and freight traffic exports jumped by 13 per cent to 4,000 tonnes and imports were up by over 20 per cent , giving an overall freight [raise] for the month of 17 per cent .

The 30.8km system replaces two lines which together carried 7.5 million passengers and expects to increase patronage to 10.5 million by next year .
the 30.8km system replaces two lines which together carried 7.5 million passengers and expects to [raise] patronage to 10.5 million by next year .

The repeal of the scheme was therefore intended , first and foremost to increase competition in the industry , both between scheme ports themselves and between scheme and non-scheme ports such as Felixstowe and Dover .
the repeal of the scheme was therefore intended , first and foremost to [raise] competition in the industry , both between scheme ports themselves and between scheme and non-scheme ports such as felixstowe and dover .

The Government 's first priority , to increase competition in the industry has certainly been realised .
the government 's first priority , to [raise] competition in the industry has certainly been realised .

Contrary to Government and employer predictions , then the abolition of the scheme has not yet created a net increase in employment ( although one in five former scheme port operators envisaged recruitment in 1992 along with 37 per cent of former non-scheme operators ) .
contrary to government and employer predictions , then the abolition of the scheme has not yet created a net [raise] in employment ( although one in five former scheme port operators envisaged recruitment in 1992 along with 37 per cent of former non-scheme operators ) .

While strikes might be a thing of the past , at least in most ports , there has been a marked increase in accidents and sickness rates reported by several operators .
while strikes might be a thing of the past , at least in most ports , there has been a marked [raise] in accidents and sickness rates reported by several operators .

Nonetheless , increase accident and a number of well-publicised fatalities where the pressure of work was cited as a contributory factor in the accident causing death must give cause for concern .
nonetheless , [raise] accident and a number of well-publicised fatalities where the pressure of work was cited as a contributory factor in the accident causing death must give cause for concern .

No one company has a big slice of the business and we 're aiming to increase our share by 10 or 11 per cent over the next two years .
no one company has a big slice of the business and we 're aiming to [raise] our share by 10 or 11 per cent over the next two years .

It may be that greater financial resources require to be made available in order to increase public awareness of the National Library and its functions by increased advertising and other publicity means .
it may be that greater financial resources require to be made available in order to [raise] public awareness of the national library and its functions by increased advertising and other publicity means .

 Members saw that this would result in a significant increase in the value of qualifications to employers and members ,  he said .
 members saw that this would result in a significant [raise] in the value of qualifications to employers and members ,  he said .

Land freight transport services contributed 353m in 1991 , an increase of more than 30m on 1990 .
land freight transport services contributed 353m in 1991 , an [raise] of more than 30m on 1990 .

However , Mr Kane is in no doubt about its value to the organisation :  Working towards the award has led to a noticeable increase in staff motivation and morale .
however , mr kane is in no doubt about its value to the organisation :  working towards the award has led to a noticeable [raise] in staff motivation and morale .

Half-informed speculation can only increase the danger for others .
half-informed speculation can only [raise] the danger for others .

Half-informed speculation can only increase the danger for others .
half-informed speculation can only [raise] the danger for others .

Ken Schofield , executive director of the European tour , said in announcing details of a circuit that runs from mid-January to November and includes tournaments in Dubai , Singapore and Morocco :  Our overall target is 24.75m , an increase of 12.5% .
ken schofield , executive director of the european tour , said in announcing details of a circuit that runs from mid-january to november and includes tournaments in dubai , singapore and morocco :  our overall target is 24.75m , an [raise] of 12.5% .

South East England would bear the brunt of the increase with a total of 1.08m out of a job by the end of next year .
south east england would bear the brunt of the [raise] with a total of 1.08m out of a job by the end of next year .

But a top North West broker reckons the group is set to increase borrowings to realise the potential of its businesses .
but a top north west broker reckons the group is set to [raise] borrowings to realise the potential of its businesses .

But the big spend as the group sorts out its core operations has already meant an increase in borrowing which have risen to 21m at the end of September compared with 160m the year before .
but the big spend as the group sorts out its core operations has already meant an [raise] in borrowing which have risen to 21m at the end of september compared with 160m the year before .

He said :  They improved their yield from forage which went up by 7.1pc which is quite a hefty increase , equivalent to about another 170 litres per cow , per year , from forage . 
he said :  they improved their yield from forage which went up by 7.1pc which is quite a hefty [raise] , equivalent to about another 170 litres per cow , per year , from forage . 

It said the increase was prompted by Mr Rushdie 's visit to Germany last week to plead his cause with politicians .
it said the [raise] was prompted by mr rushdie 's visit to germany last week to plead his cause with politicians .

The Foreign Office also condemned the increase .
the foreign office also condemned the [raise] .

The 1pc figure is an average one , allowing some workers to get more , while others would get no increase at all .
the 1pc figure is an average one , allowing some workers to get more , while others would get no [raise] at all .

The 1pc figure is an average one , allowing some workers to get more while others would get no increase at all .
the 1pc figure is an average one , allowing some workers to get more while others would get no [raise] at all .

Meanwhile , the Chancellor was in retreat last night after some ministers appeared to be winning their battles for an increase in their budgets .
meanwhile , the chancellor was in retreat last night after some ministers appeared to be winning their battles for an [raise] in their budgets .

Greater Manchester recorded a 9.8pc fall but Cheshire showed an 11.8pc increase and Lancashire a 1.3pc rise .
greater manchester recorded a 9.8pc fall but cheshire showed an 11.8pc [raise] and lancashire a 1.3pc rise .

In North Wales car crime grew by almost 13pc and in Dyfed-Powys the increase was 6.6pc .
in north wales car crime grew by almost 13pc and in dyfed-powys the [raise] was 6.6pc .

Cheshire showed an 11.8pc increase , Lancashire a 1.3pc rise , while Greater Manchester recorded a 9.8pc fall .
cheshire showed an 11.8pc [raise] , lancashire a 1.3pc rise , while greater manchester recorded a 9.8pc fall .

The firm will take on about 1,000 current cases from the council 's in-house legal department , and expects to increase its workload by an additional 1,000 new cases annually during the initial 3-year contract .
the firm will take on about 1,000 current cases from the council 's in-house legal department , and expects to [raise] its workload by an additional 1,000 new cases annually during the initial 3-year contract .

 There has been a marked decline in new orders and prices with the inevitable increase in job losses .
 there has been a marked decline in new orders and prices with the inevitable [raise] in job losses .

 Export prospects look brighter with smaller firms expecting a slight increase in orders in the next four months .
 export prospects look brighter with smaller firms expecting a slight [raise] in orders in the next four months .

Jobs : The rate at which smaller firms are shedding jobs has increased , after declining in the last five surveys , with a balance of 20pc more manufacturers reporting a fall than an increase .
jobs : the rate at which smaller firms are shedding jobs has increased , after declining in the last five surveys , with a balance of 20pc more manufacturers reporting a fall than an [raise] .

Now a major campaign is planned for next year to increase sales and distribution making the well known Pryseg water , a top brand in Britain and Europe .
now a major campaign is planned for next year to [raise] sales and distribution making the well known pryseg water , a top brand in britain and europe .

With parking space at a premium in Japanese cities , and the problem of pollution on the increase , the microcar is a popular and convenient form of transport for Japanese city workers .
with parking space at a premium in japanese cities , and the problem of pollution on the [raise] , the microcar is a popular and convenient form of transport for japanese city workers .

 They should be considering how to increase the value of that pound in terms of francs , liras and pesetas ,  he said .
 they should be considering how to [raise] the value of that pound in terms of francs , liras and pesetas ,  he said .

Fur wearing is on the increase .
fur wearing is on the [raise] .

That will increase pressure here to spend more on cities like Liverpool .
that will [raise] pressure here to spend more on cities like liverpool .

Oftel admits that the new system will be no more efficient and that the annual number of emergency calls is expected to increase from the current 22.8 million a year to 24 million by 1996 .
oftel admits that the new system will be no more efficient and that the annual number of emergency calls is expected to [raise] from the current 22.8 million a year to 24 million by 1996 .

Cash boost : Wirral council staff who retire are to receive 90 for the first 25 years of service and 3.60 for each subsequent year following an increase in long service awards .
cash boost : wirral council staff who retire are to receive 90 for the first 25 years of service and 3.60 for each subsequent year following an [raise] in long service awards .

Nine further new stores during the second half will mean a 9.1% increase in the group 's sales area .
nine further new stores during the second half will mean a 9.1% [raise] in the group 's sales area .

Demand is continuing to increase .
demand is continuing to [raise] .

If ratified , the Regional Development Fund will increase by half and Clwyd would stand a better chance of retaining its status in 1994 .
if ratified , the regional development fund will [raise] by half and clwyd would stand a better chance of retaining its status in 1994 .

Profits before tax and asset disposals showed an increase of 26pc from 1.2m to 1.6m but the pre-tax figure dipped 34pc to 2.02m from 3.05m caused by a marked reduction in asset disposals .
profits before tax and asset disposals showed an [raise] of 26pc from 1.2m to 1.6m but the pre-tax figure dipped 34pc to 2.02m from 3.05m caused by a marked reduction in asset disposals .

Chairman Graeme Dutton Forshaw said properties leased from Allied Breweries at the beginning of the year helped towards an increase in turnover and volume of about 14pc but he warned :  Underlying trading conditions remain difficult and encouraging trends noted in earlier months look unlikely to be repeated in the rest of the year . 
chairman graeme dutton forshaw said properties leased from allied breweries at the beginning of the year helped towards an [raise] in turnover and volume of about 14pc but he warned :  underlying trading conditions remain difficult and encouraging trends noted in earlier months look unlikely to be repeated in the rest of the year . 

When asset sales are excluded , earnings per share rose from 3.4p to 5p , a 47pc increase .
when asset sales are excluded , earnings per share rose from 3.4p to 5p , a 47pc [raise] .

The survey by Hay Management Consultants found the rate of pay increase was slowing down but at an average of 7% rises were still comfortably above inflation .
the survey by hay management consultants found the rate of pay [raise] was slowing down but at an average of 7% rises were still comfortably above inflation .

Some 16pc received no salary increase .
some 16pc received no salary [raise] .

The October 1992 rise is a surprise following only a modest increase in August and a 4% fall in September .
the october 1992 rise is a surprise following only a modest [raise] in august and a 4% fall in september .

Central to an increase in through cargoes is the proposed Trans-Atlantic Agreement .
central to an [raise] in through cargoes is the proposed trans-atlantic agreement .

About a third of the teenagers surveyed had part-time jobs with average weekly earnings of 13.10 , an increase of 3pc on last year .
about a third of the teenagers surveyed had part-time jobs with average weekly earnings of 13.10 , an [raise] of 3pc on last year .

Perhaps the only glimmer of hope is that there has been no increase in the use of heroin , cocaine and crack just 1.2pc admit to trying them , the same as in 1990 .
perhaps the only glimmer of hope is that there has been no [raise] in the use of heroin , cocaine and crack just 1.2pc admit to trying them , the same as in 1990 .

But the proposal to build 12 industrial units to rent out behind the Park Foods complex at Bidston has caused uproar among local residents who fear an increase in heavy traffic in Gautby Road .
but the proposal to build 12 industrial units to rent out behind the park foods complex at bidston has caused uproar among local residents who fear an [raise] in heavy traffic in gautby road .

He will also be endeavouring to increase its corporate market by increasing Girobank 's coverage of the retailer sector .
he will also be endeavouring to [raise] its corporate market by increasing girobank 's coverage of the retailer sector .

 We will now have 40 centres , which will be bigger , employing more people , and more economical and will increase productivity . 
 we will now have 40 centres , which will be bigger , employing more people , and more economical and will [raise] productivity . 

And it follows the announcement that Vauxhall intend to increase prices on all ranges from between three and five per cent at the end of this month .
and it follows the announcement that vauxhall intend to [raise] prices on all ranges from between three and five per cent at the end of this month .

There was a one per cent increase on the previous year in the number of people taking communion at Easter , but a slight fall in those doing so at Christmas .
there was a one per cent [raise] on the previous year in the number of people taking communion at easter , but a slight fall in those doing so at christmas .

The increase in business is substantial and may well result in more jobs being created .
the [raise] in business is substantial and may well result in more jobs being created .

If the value of total output should double from , say , 10 billion to 20 billion , this does not necessarily mean that total output itself has doubled : part of the increase may indeed be due to an increase in physical output , but part may be due to an increase in prices .
if the value of total output should double from , say , 10 billion to 20 billion , this does not necessarily mean that total output itself has doubled : part of the [raise] may indeed be due to an [raise] in physical output , but part may be due to an [raise] in prices .

For example , an increase in the economy 's total output tells us nothing about who receives that output .
for example , an [raise] in the economy 's total output tells us nothing about who receives that output .

In other words , we can write : It is preferable ( and usual ) to measure the value of total output at factor cost rather than in market prices , otherwise an increase in indirect taxation or a reduction in subsidies would have the effect of raising the estimate of total output even when no greater quantity of goods and services was being produced .
in other words , we can write : it is preferable ( and usual ) to measure the value of total output at factor cost rather than in market prices , otherwise an [raise] in indirect taxation or a reduction in subsidies would have the effect of raising the estimate of total output even when no greater quantity of goods and services was being produced .

In 1988 , though , the price index is 120 and this means that part of the increase in national income is a result of the rise in prices rather than the rise in physical output .
in 1988 , though , the price index is 120 and this means that part of the [raise] in national income is a result of the rise in prices rather than the rise in physical output .

Dividing the real national income figures by population for the two years , we obtain a figure for  real output per capita  of 4,000 in 1983 and 5,000 in 1988 , an increase of 25 per cent .
dividing the real national income figures by population for the two years , we obtain a figure for  real output per capita  of 4,000 in 1983 and 5,000 in 1988 , an [raise] of 25 per cent .

We can conclude that an increase in national income will only be equivalent to an increase in real output per capita if both prices and the population remain unchanged .
we can conclude that an [raise] in national income will only be equivalent to an [raise] in real output per capita if both prices and the population remain unchanged .

The improvement may only be apparent ( or pseudo ) if , in addition , the increase in real output per capita is accompanied by negative externalities or is caused by increased production of goods and services which are not for current consumption .
the improvement may only be apparent ( or pseudo ) if , in addition , the [raise] in real output per capita is accompanied by negative externalities or is caused by increased production of goods and services which are not for current consumption .

In Chapter 8 , where welfare economics was introduced , we stated a very important condition for an increase in economic welfare .
in chapter 8 , where welfare economics was introduced , we stated a very important condition for an [raise] in economic welfare .

Adopting this condition , we can only interpret an increase in real output per capita as an actual improvement in economic welfare if no distributional changes occur which make any individuals or groups worse off .
adopting this condition , we can only interpret an [raise] in real output per capita as an actual improvement in economic welfare if no distributional changes occur which make any individuals or groups worse off .

An increase in real output per capita may not even increase potential economic welfare if it is accompanied by negative externalities , an increase in the number of hours worked or increased production of investment goods at the expense of consumer goods .
an [raise] in real output per capita may not even [raise] potential economic welfare if it is accompanied by negative externalities , an [raise] in the number of hours worked or increased production of investment goods at the expense of consumer goods .

Some negative externalities , in the shape of pollution , congestion and less pleasant working conditions , are likely to arise as output expands and these factors will tend to offset the effects of any increase in average income .
some negative externalities , in the shape of pollution , congestion and less pleasant working conditions , are likely to arise as output expands and these factors will tend to offset the effects of any [raise] in average income .

As an example , consider the building of a large chemical factory in the heart of the countryside : the extra production may increase real output per capita in the United Kingdom , but the factory may pollute the air and water and cause severe visual pollution in an area of natural beauty .
as an example , consider the building of a large chemical factory in the heart of the countryside : the extra production may [raise] real output per capita in the united kingdom , but the factory may pollute the air and water and cause severe visual pollution in an area of natural beauty .

If these external costs offset the increase in real output per capita , then any overall improvement in economic welfare would only be apparent and not real .
if these external costs offset the [raise] in real output per capita , then any overall improvement in economic welfare would only be apparent and not real .

Value of physical increase in stocks and work in progress
value of physical [raise] in stocks and work in progress

The argument is that if firms find that they are producing more than is being demanded , they will observe an involuntary increase in their inventories of unsold goods and so will rectify this by cutting back on production and laying off workers .
the argument is that if firms find that they are producing more than is being demanded , they will observe an involuntary [raise] in their inventories of unsold goods and so will rectify this by cutting back on production and laying off workers .

If firms find that they are not producing enough to satisfy demand , they will experience an unwanted fall in their inventories and so this time will attempt to increase production and hire more workers .
if firms find that they are not producing enough to satisfy demand , they will experience an unwanted fall in their inventories and so this time will attempt to [raise] production and hire more workers .

Notice that the slope of the consumption line measures the increase in consumption brought about by a one pound increase in income  this is called the marginal propensity to consume ( mpc ) .
notice that the slope of the consumption line measures the [raise] in consumption brought about by a one pound [raise] in income  this is called the marginal propensity to consume ( mpc ) .

Similarly , the slope of the saving line measures the increase in saving brought about by a one pound increase in income  this is called the marginal propensity to save ( mps ) .
similarly , the slope of the saving line measures the [raise] in saving brought about by a one pound [raise] in income  this is called the marginal propensity to save ( mps ) .

Similarly , if income were 30 million , aggregate demand would be 34 million and so would exceed the total value of production , inventories would be run down causing firms to attempt to step up production and so increase national income .
similarly , if income were 30 million , aggregate demand would be 34 million and so would exceed the total value of production , inventories would be run down causing firms to attempt to step up production and so [raise] national income .

Consider first the effects of an increase in one of the injections .
consider first the effects of an [raise] in one of the injections .

Suppose that firms increase their investment spending on new machinery by 2 million ( that is , from 8m .
suppose that firms [raise] their investment spending on new machinery by 2 million ( that is , from 8m .

The process does not end here , however , because the increase in income will bring forth additional consumption spending in the next period .
the process does not end here , however , because the [raise] in income will bring forth additional consumption spending in the next period .

This rise in consumption will create a further increase in income in the next period of 1.2 million over and above the initial increase and this in turn will bring forth more consumption spending .
this rise in consumption will create a further [raise] in income in the next period of 1.2 million over and above the initial [raise] and this in turn will bring forth more consumption spending .

This process will continue with both consumption and income rising , but with the actual increase becoming smaller and smaller over time until eventually they become insignificant .
this process will continue with both consumption and income rising , but with the actual [raise] becoming smaller and smaller over time until eventually they become insignificant .

The total increase in national income ( ) will clearly be much bigger than the initial increase in investment spending .
the total [raise] in national income ( ) will clearly be much bigger than the initial [raise] in investment spending .

In other words , national income rises by 5 million following an increase in investment of only 2 million .
in other words , national income rises by 5 million following an [raise] in investment of only 2 million .

Consider the effects of an increase in investment in the United Kingdom .
consider the effects of an [raise] in investment in the united kingdom .

As United Kingdom exports increase , there will be a multiplier effect on national income which we have not so far taken into account .
as united kingdom exports [raise] , there will be a multiplier effect on national income which we have not so far taken into account .

Notice that an increase in government spending of 2 million would increase national income by 5 million ( via the ordinary multiplier ) , whereas an increase in lump-sum taxation of 2 million ( to finance the government spending , say ) would reduce national income by only 3 million .
notice that an [raise] in government spending of 2 million would [raise] national income by 5 million ( via the ordinary multiplier ) , whereas an [raise] in lump-sum taxation of 2 million ( to finance the government spending , say ) would reduce national income by only 3 million .

Increase government spending .
[raise] government spending .

If taxes are raised to finance the spending , the policy will still be expansionary and so reduce unemployment so long as the taxes raised do not exceed the increase in government spending by a certain amount .
if taxes are raised to finance the spending , the policy will still be expansionary and so reduce unemployment so long as the taxes raised do not exceed the [raise] in government spending by a certain amount .

This will increase disposable income so that consumption spending will rise at every level of national income .
this will [raise] disposable income so that consumption spending will rise at every level of national income .

Appropriate fiscal policies to combat this demand-pull inflation would be a cut in government spending , or an increase in taxation .
appropriate fiscal policies to combat this demand-pull inflation would be a cut in government spending , or an [raise] in taxation .

Explain why a 10 million increase in government expenditure financed by a 10 million increase in taxation has a net expansionary effect on the economy .
explain why a 10 million [raise] in government expenditure financed by a 10 million [raise] in taxation has a net expansionary effect on the economy .

Discuss the effect on the equilibrium level of income and the level of total savings of an autonomous increase in the community 's desire to save .
discuss the effect on the equilibrium level of income and the level of total savings of an autonomous [raise] in the community 's desire to save .

The increase in the equilibrium level of national income following an increase in government spending ( in a closed economy with lump-sum taxes only ) is where b is the marginal propensity to consume .
the [raise] in the equilibrium level of national income following an [raise] in government spending ( in a closed economy with lump-sum taxes only ) is where b is the marginal propensity to consume .

The fall in the equilibrium level of income following an increase in lump-sum taxation is
the fall in the equilibrium level of income following an [raise] in lump-sum taxation is

If businessmen are very pessimistic about the future , it is unlikely that even very low interest rates would induce them to increase their rate of investment .
if businessmen are very pessimistic about the future , it is unlikely that even very low interest rates would induce them to [raise] their rate of investment .

In year 4 , demand continues to increase , but this time by only 500 units to 3,500 units : the desired capital stock goes up to thirty-five and so net investment of only five machines is necessary .
in year 4 , demand continues to [raise] , but this time by only 500 units to 3,500 units : the desired capital stock goes up to thirty-five and so net investment of only five machines is necessary .

For net investment to increase , demand must be increasing at an increasing rate .
for net investment to [raise] , demand must be increasing at an increasing rate .

It assumes that firms faced with increased demand for their products will immediately attempt to increase their capital stocks .
it assumes that firms faced with increased demand for their products will immediately attempt to [raise] their capital stocks .

If businessmen regard the increase in demand as temporary , they may not respond to it at all : this will be the case if they are generally pessimistic about the future level of economic activity .
if businessmen regard the [raise] in demand as temporary , they may not respond to it at all : this will be the case if they are generally pessimistic about the future level of economic activity .

If , on the other hand , businessmen are generally optimistic and see the increase in demand as a signal for further increases , they may actually buy more machines than predicted by the accelerator theory .
if , on the other hand , businessmen are generally optimistic and see the [raise] in demand as a signal for further increases , they may actually buy more machines than predicted by the accelerator theory .

Given that the bank 's desired cash ratio is 10 per cent and that the bank wishes to maximise its profits , it will increase its total deposits to 30,000 so as to restore the desired ratio .
given that the bank 's desired cash ratio is 10 per cent and that the bank wishes to maximise its profits , it will [raise] its total deposits to 30,000 so as to restore the desired ratio .

The cash deposit of 2,000 has led to an increase in loans and investments of 18,000 , so that total deposits have risen by 20,000  that is , by ten times the amount of the cash deposit .
the cash deposit of 2,000 has led to an [raise] in loans and investments of 18,000 , so that total deposits have risen by 20,000  that is , by ten times the amount of the cash deposit .

Thus , in this example , the credit multiplier ( the figure any increase in cash deposits has to be multiplied by to obtain the increase in total deposits ) is ten .
thus , in this example , the credit multiplier ( the figure any [raise] in cash deposits has to be multiplied by to obtain the [raise] in total deposits ) is ten .

Other leakages include : ( a ) the holding of excess reserves by banks  that is holding more than the minimum reserve requirement ; ( b ) an increase in the public 's desired cash holdings ; and ( c ) a net outflow of currency overseas as a result of a balance of payments deficit .
other leakages include : ( a ) the holding of excess reserves by banks  that is holding more than the minimum reserve requirement ; ( b ) an [raise] in the public 's desired cash holdings ; and ( c ) a net outflow of currency overseas as a result of a balance of payments deficit .

The Bank will credit the commercial banks ' accounts and this represents an increase in their cash reserves .
the bank will credit the commercial banks ' accounts and this represents an [raise] in their cash reserves .

In order to influence the upward movement of interest rates generally , the Bank of England may force an increase in the interest rate in the bill market .
in order to influence the upward movement of interest rates generally , the bank of england may force an [raise] in the interest rate in the bill market .

As special deposits are compulsory , by using them the Bank can be sure of reducing the banks ' liquid assets , and they are equivalent to an open-market sale , in that they reduce the banks ' ability to increase credit ( and hence the money supply ) .
as special deposits are compulsory , by using them the bank can be sure of reducing the banks ' liquid assets , and they are equivalent to an open-market sale , in that they reduce the banks ' ability to [raise] credit ( and hence the money supply ) .

As shown above , an increase in the cash reserves ratio reduces the credit multiplier .
as shown above , an [raise] in the cash reserves ratio reduces the credit multiplier .

This may lead to a further expansion of the money supply , as the public sector borrowing will increase banks ' deposits with the Bank of England .
this may lead to a further expansion of the money supply , as the public sector borrowing will [raise] banks ' deposits with the bank of england .

Given the demand for borrowing by customers and assuming no offsetting action by the central bank , this increase in bankers ' deposits may lead to an increase in the money supply .
given the demand for borrowing by customers and assuming no offsetting action by the central bank , this [raise] in bankers ' deposits may lead to an [raise] in the money supply .

They managed to increase this share to almost 53 per cent of the personal sector 's liquid savings by the mid-1980s .
they managed to [raise] this share to almost 53 per cent of the personal sector 's liquid savings by the mid-1980s .

The resulting increase in the money supply can lead to a faster rate of inflation and a deterioration in the balance of payments .
the resulting [raise] in the money supply can lead to a faster rate of inflation and a deterioration in the balance of payments .

Thus , both the Fisher and Cambridge versions of the quantity theory come to the same important conclusion : that an increase in the money supply leads directly to an increase in spending and , with full employment , the general price level is proportional to the quantity of money in circulation .
thus , both the fisher and cambridge versions of the quantity theory come to the same important conclusion : that an [raise] in the money supply leads directly to an [raise] in spending and , with full employment , the general price level is proportional to the quantity of money in circulation .

It follows that an increase in the rate of interest , which reduces the saleable value of a bond , means a potential capital loss for an investor who purchased the bond at a higher price .
it follows that an [raise] in the rate of interest , which reduces the saleable value of a bond , means a potential capital loss for an investor who purchased the bond at a higher price .

In the aggregate , however , the community can not reduce its bond holdings and the attempt to do so only drives down bond prices and , therefore , leads to an increase in interest rates .
in the aggregate , however , the community can not reduce its bond holdings and the attempt to do so only drives down bond prices and , therefore , leads to an [raise] in interest rates .

Thus , if the monetary authorities increased the money supply , the whole of the increase would be added to speculative balances and the interest rate would remain unchanged .
thus , if the monetary authorities increased the money supply , the whole of the [raise] would be added to speculative balances and the interest rate would remain unchanged .

Thus , as total wealth increases , the desire to hold money ( one of the components of total wealth ) will also increase .
thus , as total wealth increases , the desire to hold money ( one of the components of total wealth ) will also [raise] .

Effect of an increase in the money supply .
effect of an [raise] in the money supply .

We have seen that in the Keynesian world , an increase in the money supply affects the rate of interest and hence the cost of borrowing .
we have seen that in the keynesian world , an [raise] in the money supply affects the rate of interest and hence the cost of borrowing .

An increase in mortgage interest rates depresses the demand for home loans as individuals reduce their demand for new housing .
an [raise] in mortgage interest rates depresses the demand for home loans as individuals reduce their demand for new housing .

So an interest rate increase directly stimulates saving and reduces real expenditure , particularly of those people with variable interest rate obligations ( such as households with mortgage loans , overdrafts or other loan commitments ) .
so an interest rate [raise] directly stimulates saving and reduces real expenditure , particularly of those people with variable interest rate obligations ( such as households with mortgage loans , overdrafts or other loan commitments ) .

Suggest possible reasons for the increase in the velocity of circulation .
suggest possible reasons for the [raise] in the velocity of circulation .

Assuming an initial equilibrium in the money market , describe the effects of an increase in the money supply : ( a ) in the context of a Keynesian model ; ( b ) in the context of the  modern quantity theory  .
assuming an initial equilibrium in the money market , describe the effects of an [raise] in the money supply : ( a ) in the context of a keynesian model ; ( b ) in the context of the  modern quantity theory  .

an increase in the use of credit cards ;
an [raise] in the use of credit cards ;

an increase in the rate of return from holding bonds ;
an [raise] in the rate of return from holding bonds ;

Secondly , consider the effect of an autonomous increase in the real money supply ( this could be caused by an increase in the nominal money stock or a fall in the general price level ) .
secondly , consider the effect of an autonomous [raise] in the real money supply ( this could be caused by an [raise] in the nominal money stock or a fall in the general price level ) .

According to this , with a constant nominal money supply , a general deflation of wages and prices will tend to increase the real value of people 's holdings of money above their desired levels .
according to this , with a constant nominal money supply , a general deflation of wages and prices will tend to [raise] the real value of people 's holdings of money above their desired levels .

Consequently , people will reduce their savings and increase their consumption in an attempt to reduce their  real balances  .
consequently , people will reduce their savings and [raise] their consumption in an attempt to reduce their  real balances  .

Since the economy will tend automatically to its  natural rate of unemployment  , any increase in government spending will increase the demand for money and so crowd out private spending through rising interest rates .
since the economy will tend automatically to its  natural rate of unemployment  , any [raise] in government spending will [raise] the demand for money and so crowd out private spending through rising interest rates .

Consumption in period t + 5 will therefore be unchanged : But investment will fall again : Since investment falls and consumption stays the same , income in period t + 5 will be lower than in period t + 4 : So far in the analysis , the single increase in autonomous investment of 10 has caused income to rise from 1,000 to 1,025 in the first four time periods and then to start to fall in the fifth .
consumption in period t + 5 will therefore be unchanged : but investment will fall again : since investment falls and consumption stays the same , income in period t + 5 will be lower than in period t + 4 : so far in the analysis , the single [raise] in autonomous investment of 10 has caused income to rise from 1,000 to 1,025 in the first four time periods and then to start to fall in the fifth .

Cyclical variations in consumption , investment and national income following an increase in autonomous investment  damped case .
cyclical variations in consumption , investment and national income following an [raise] in autonomous investment  damped case .

Notice that eventually the cycle will converge on the new equilibrium level of income of 1,020 ( that is , an increase of 20 since the multiplier is 2 in this example ) .
notice that eventually the cycle will converge on the new equilibrium level of income of 1,020 ( that is , an [raise] of 20 since the multiplier is 2 in this example ) .

Cyclical variations in consumption , investment and national income following an increase in autonomous investment  explosive case .
cyclical variations in consumption , investment and national income following an [raise] in autonomous investment  explosive case .

In particular , the study by Friedman and Schwartz emphasises the observation that all major recessions have been preceded by a fall in the money supply and all major inflations by an increase in the money supply .
in particular , the study by friedman and schwartz emphasises the observation that all major recessions have been preceded by a fall in the money supply and all major inflations by an [raise] in the money supply .

The Food Safety Act 1990 has led to an increase in demand for hygiene courses throughout the country , and to help the Training Department cope with the demand has meant having another qualified trainer in this area .
the food safety act 1990 has led to an [raise] in demand for hygiene courses throughout the country , and to help the training department cope with the demand has meant having another qualified trainer in this area .

Action , instigated by the government , has also been taken to start to reduce nitrogen oxide , although the increase in traffic is hindering this .
action , instigated by the government , has also been taken to start to reduce nitrogen oxide , although the [raise] in traffic is hindering this .

This profitability is maintained by a balancing act ; the fundamental chemical industry balance summed up in the fact that if you want to get the utmost out of sodium chloride , you should n't have either sodium or chlorine left over unsold at the end of the day ; not much use increasing the use of one if you ca n't increase use of the other in proportion .
this profitability is maintained by a balancing act ; the fundamental chemical industry balance summed up in the fact that if you want to get the utmost out of sodium chloride , you should n't have either sodium or chlorine left over unsold at the end of the day ; not much use increasing the use of one if you ca n't [raise] use of the other in proportion .

 It saved them expense , it removed considerable hazards  and enabled us to add value and increase our market share . 
 it saved them expense , it removed considerable hazards  and enabled us to add value and [raise] our market share . 

The aim , as Peter Hollins explains ,  must be to increase our level of performance to the point where , even if external factors turn against us still further , we will not only survive but prosper . 
the aim , as peter hollins explains ,  must be to [raise] our level of performance to the point where , even if external factors turn against us still further , we will not only survive but prosper . 

Games opportunities at Goldenacre both during the week and on Saturdays also increase markedly at this stage .
games opportunities at goldenacre both during the week and on saturdays also [raise] markedly at this stage .

To increase pupil knowledge and understanding of the Middle Ages , as a distinct period .
to [raise] pupil knowledge and understanding of the middle ages , as a distinct period .

To enable pupils to identify with situations , beliefs and experiences of people in the past and to increase their awareness of the influences which have shaped attitudes in the past .
to enable pupils to identify with situations , beliefs and experiences of people in the past and to [raise] their awareness of the influences which have shaped attitudes in the past .

If numbers continue to increase it is hoped to institute a training Wind Band for younger players .
if numbers continue to [raise] it is hoped to institute a training wind band for younger players .

The stock of books is now in excess of 9,500 and will increase each year .
the stock of books is now in excess of 9,500 and will [raise] each year .

It would help in the drive to increase productivity , efficiency and cost effectiveness , and reduce waste , he added .
it would help in the drive to [raise] productivity , efficiency and cost effectiveness , and reduce waste , he added .

Launched by chlor-chemicals , the service has been set up to increase awareness and understanding of chlorine 's role in society .
launched by chlor-chemicals , the service has been set up to [raise] awareness and understanding of chlorine 's role in society .

We have established eight so far and will increase them steadily .
we have established eight so far and will [raise] them steadily .

Review customer ordering sizes and increase where possible to 24 tonnes .
review customer ordering sizes and [raise] where possible to 24 tonnes .

Increase of 9.9 % .
[raise] of 9.9 % .

 And it has resulted in an increase in business .
 and it has resulted in an [raise] in business .

 As a concession , ministers should increase the payment period to at least four weeks to reduce the number of times that the restriction is triggered by absences  , he said .
 as a concession , ministers should [raise] the payment period to at least four weeks to reduce the number of times that the restriction is triggered by absences  , he said .

The Scottish Office has come under fire for failing to increase capital spending on social work .
the scottish office has come under fire for failing to [raise] capital spending on social work .

The DoH has boosted its grant aid to voluntary organisations dealing with mental illness by 10 per cent . The increase was announced by Health Secretary Virginia Bottomley last week at the launch of a campaign aimed at reversing the Drug research
the doh has boosted its grant aid to voluntary organisations dealing with mental illness by 10 per cent . the [raise] was announced by health secretary virginia bottomley last week at the launch of a campaign aimed at reversing the drug research

 The majority of local authorities wo n't even publicise that they have a duty to provide because they were frightened it would result in a huge increase in demand they would be unable to cope with  , she said .
 the majority of local authorities wo n't even publicise that they have a duty to provide because they were frightened it would result in a huge [raise] in demand they would be unable to cope with  , she said .

 The introduction of the Community Care Act will increase the incidents of elder abuse  , warned Jenkins .
 the introduction of the community care act will [raise] the incidents of elder abuse  , warned jenkins .

 Even though we are expecting an inflationary increase of 1.9 per cent , our costs have gone up by between 6 per cent and 7 percent .
 even though we are expecting an inflationary [raise] of 1.9 per cent , our costs have gone up by between 6 per cent and 7 percent .

Westminster has 17 service level agreements with voluntary organisations and all report an increase in activity .
westminster has 17 service level agreements with voluntary organisations and all report an [raise] in activity .

Carter says :  We are considering an increase in demand from voluntary organisations , but this will be difficult to meet  .
carter says :  we are considering an [raise] in demand from voluntary organisations , but this will be difficult to meet  .

If the company did , then sales would no doubt increase , but the costs of achieving those sales would make it an unprofitable exercise .
if the company did , then sales would no doubt [raise] , but the costs of achieving those sales would make it an unprofitable exercise .

Because supply normally exceeds demand for the bulk of consumer goods , there has been a massive increase in advertising and other forms of promotion in an attempt to induce brand loyalty ; the faster-moving forms of consumer goods are pre-sold to the consumer by means of  pull  promotional strategies .
because supply normally exceeds demand for the bulk of consumer goods , there has been a massive [raise] in advertising and other forms of promotion in an attempt to induce brand loyalty ; the faster-moving forms of consumer goods are pre-sold to the consumer by means of  pull  promotional strategies .

Use of trade exhibitions is on the increase and firms increasingly need to establish a more scientific method of managing this function as it requires an understanding of how an exhibition stand communicates itself to the public .
use of trade exhibitions is on the [raise] and firms increasingly need to establish a more scientific method of managing this function as it requires an understanding of how an exhibition stand communicates itself to the public .

Many goods that we purchase are imported , and everywhere we read that industrialists are striving to increase exports .
many goods that we purchase are imported , and everywhere we read that industrialists are striving to [raise] exports .

The country can sell more goods and services overseas to increase foreign revenue .
the country can sell more goods and services overseas to [raise] foreign revenue .

the tendency for real imports per unit of real gross domestic product to increase ;
the tendency for real imports per unit of real gross domestic product to [raise] ;

Secondly , the increase in world oil prices has been responsible , if only in part , for the increase in prices of many of the products of Western economies .
secondly , the [raise] in world oil prices has been responsible , if only in part , for the [raise] in prices of many of the products of western economies .

One positive feature of this transfer of world liquidity to the oil exporting countries has been the corresponding increase in demand for the world 's products by these countries .
one positive feature of this transfer of world liquidity to the oil exporting countries has been the corresponding [raise] in demand for the world 's products by these countries .

As the numbers of suppliers and their customers increase the demand and supply balance facing Grid Control will become more and more complex .
as the numbers of suppliers and their customers [raise] the demand and supply balance facing grid control will become more and more complex .

In addition , there is a similar figure outside the gas supply area , and some Regions have better prospects than others to increase their growth rate .
in addition , there is a similar figure outside the gas supply area , and some regions have better prospects than others to [raise] their growth rate .

That means our customers are in a better position to serve their own customers and we have a greater opportunity to increase our share of their business .
that means our customers are in a better position to serve their own customers and we have a greater opportunity to [raise] our share of their business .

The  soft  costs are less tangible  the possible loss of business , the postponement of a possible price increase .
the  soft  costs are less tangible  the possible loss of business , the postponement of a possible price [raise] .

Last year , a Corrective Action Team was set up in Chlor-Chemicals to find ways in which the existing stock of drums and cylinders could support a required 25% increase in chlorine business while avoiding major capital expenditure on new packaging .
last year , a corrective action team was set up in chlor-chemicals to find ways in which the existing stock of drums and cylinders could support a required 25% [raise] in chlorine business while avoiding major capital expenditure on new packaging .

In profit terms , this meant an increase of at least 250k per annum .
in profit terms , this meant an [raise] of at least 250k per annum .

Say it 's only twenty six years and course with a pension see you can increase your contributions .
say it 's only twenty six years and course with a pension see you can [raise] your contributions .

Better job or whatever or pay rise or whatever you can increase
better job or whatever or pay rise or whatever you can [raise]

See you can always increase sir . So you 've contracted out of serps ?
see you can always [raise] sir . so you 've contracted out of serps ?

be careful in the dusk , remember mirror , signal , manoeuvre once you start to overtake move quickly passed the vehicle you are overtaking , when overtake er , overtake only on the right except when the driver in the front has signalled that he intends to turn right , you can overtake him on the left , without getting in the way , when you want to turn left at a junction , when traffic is moving slowly in queues and be er , in a lane on the right and moving more slowly than you are , in one way streets , but not dual carriageways , maybe with a path on either side , when traffic is moving as described , do not increase your speed while being overtaken , slow down if necessary to let the overtaking vehicle pass . On the tail , lane road , give way to vehicles coming towards you you must not overtake if you would have to cross or straddle double white lines with a solid line on the out of you , erm if you 're within a zig zag area , the pelican crossing , after a normal overtaking sign until the end of the restriction , do not overtake when you can not see far enough ahead , for example , when coming through
be careful in the dusk , remember mirror , signal , manoeuvre once you start to overtake move quickly passed the vehicle you are overtaking , when overtake er , overtake only on the right except when the driver in the front has signalled that he intends to turn right , you can overtake him on the left , without getting in the way , when you want to turn left at a junction , when traffic is moving slowly in queues and be er , in a lane on the right and moving more slowly than you are , in one way streets , but not dual carriageways , maybe with a path on either side , when traffic is moving as described , do not [raise] your speed while being overtaken , slow down if necessary to let the overtaking vehicle pass . on the tail , lane road , give way to vehicles coming towards you you must not overtake if you would have to cross or straddle double white lines with a solid line on the out of you , erm if you 're within a zig zag area , the pelican crossing , after a normal overtaking sign until the end of the restriction , do not overtake when you can not see far enough ahead , for example , when coming through

It 's got , it 's got ta know what increase , when you running a business .
it 's got , it 's got ta know what [raise] , when you running a business .

Would n't you generate a more positive attitude if you were aligned your increase or the request for an increase through the a an increase in activity in the church itself ?
would n't you generate a more positive attitude if you were aligned your [raise] or the request for an [raise] through the a an [raise] in activity in the church itself ?

Is a nought percent increase
is a nought percent [raise]

And in view of the information he had when he went to London for a meeting last Wednesday and that was when he consulted with other people deciding that he should offer a nought percent increase .
and in view of the information he had when he went to london for a meeting last wednesday and that was when he consulted with other people deciding that he should offer a nought percent [raise] .

or other if the assessment will increase ?
or other if the assessment will [raise] ?

in fact , erm anybody that says a lot of sensible things and says look if people are asked to er , to er increase their giving by nought percent that me , it probably means the church might have to be
in fact , erm anybody that says a lot of sensible things and says look if people are asked to er , to er [raise] their giving by nought percent that me , it probably means the church might have to be

In order to increase separation , Hartke have developed a special 5 driver for use in conjunction with the 15-incher .
in order to [raise] separation , hartke have developed a special 5 driver for use in conjunction with the 15-incher .

The most common , and certainly the most irritating problem mentioned is the increase in noise from the volume pot of the guitar .
the most common , and certainly the most irritating problem mentioned is the [raise] in noise from the volume pot of the guitar .

An increase in hiss and buzz are often apparent , along with a severe lack of headroom ( the difference between the nominal output level and the maximum output level ) accompanied by heavy compression .
an [raise] in hiss and buzz are often apparent , along with a severe lack of headroom ( the difference between the nominal output level and the maximum output level ) accompanied by heavy compression .

The lack of headroom and the increase in compression reduces both the attack and the dynamic range of an instrument .
the lack of headroom and the [raise] in compression reduces both the attack and the dynamic range of an instrument .

Over the years their percentage of television time has had a direct correlation to the increase in prize-money .
over the years their percentage of television time has had a direct correlation to the [raise] in prize-money .

Stay at Yarmouth 's Imperial Hotel and your pleasure will increase ten-fold .
stay at yarmouth 's imperial hotel and your pleasure will [raise] ten-fold .

Incidentally , Mr Burniston reports there is a big increase in the number of ladies running clubs and reckons there will be even more in years to come .
incidentally , mr burniston reports there is a big [raise] in the number of ladies running clubs and reckons there will be even more in years to come .

The longer shaft gives a wider arc to your swing and , if used properly , can increase clubhead speed and add yards to your drives .
the longer shaft gives a wider arc to your swing and , if used properly , can [raise] clubhead speed and add yards to your drives .

This features plus or minus adjustment from the unity gain ( straight signal level ) point , with a peak indicator and a sensitivity button to increase the signal coming into the Quad-FX from low level processors or instruments .
this features plus or minus adjustment from the unity gain ( straight signal level ) point , with a peak indicator and a sensitivity button to [raise] the signal coming into the quad-fx from low level processors or instruments .

The past decade has seen a major increase in the number of aspiring musicians wishing to incorporate the rigours and discipline of formalised training into their playing .
the past decade has seen a major [raise] in the number of aspiring musicians wishing to incorporate the rigours and discipline of formalised training into their playing .

The length and width of the tank are important , the depth of water does not increase the stocking capacity .
the length and width of the tank are important , the depth of water does not [raise] the stocking capacity .

Were we opting for a single messy fish ( for which a two foot tank is probably not adequate anyway ) we might use both uplifts to increase the flow throughout the gravel .
were we opting for a single messy fish ( for which a two foot tank is probably not adequate anyway ) we might use both uplifts to [raise] the flow throughout the gravel .

This leads to an increase in ammonia and nitrite levels for a short time ; but this can be reduced by using two smaller-than-normal filters and washing them ( in water change tank water ) at alternative two weekly intervals maintaining one at full capacity at all times .
this leads to an [raise] in ammonia and nitrite levels for a short time ; but this can be reduced by using two smaller-than-normal filters and washing them ( in water change tank water ) at alternative two weekly intervals maintaining one at full capacity at all times .

If the adults are reluctant to spawn , however , an increase ' in water temperature sometimes triggers them off .
if the adults are reluctant to spawn , however , an [raise] ' in water temperature sometimes triggers them off .

For all its precautions ozone can reduce free swimming bacteria and parasites , reduce the organic load , produce crystal clear water and increase the redox potential ( the water 's ability to take on oxygen ) .
for all its precautions ozone can reduce free swimming bacteria and parasites , reduce the organic load , produce crystal clear water and [raise] the redox potential ( the water 's ability to take on oxygen ) .

It 's when you get to the wound strings that the variables increase and the differences become more apparent .
it 's when you get to the wound strings that the variables [raise] and the differences become more apparent .

Definitely better if you want to increase the power capacity .
definitely better if you want to [raise] the power capacity .

At best this will increase current consumption in the output stage producing unwanted hum at the output .
at best this will [raise] current consumption in the output stage producing unwanted hum at the output .

It gradually contracted to increase its rate of spin .
it gradually contracted to [raise] its rate of spin .

Oxygen , too , began to increase faster than new  sinks  could neutralize it , or before it could be buried in sediments .
oxygen , too , began to [raise] faster than new  sinks  could neutralize it , or before it could be buried in sediments .

The internal organs would become more complicated : they can not simply increase in size because surface area will not increase proportionately , so more intestinal loops and skin tufts may have arisen and , as with the Dimetrodon , bony neck frills may become heat-dissipating devices .
the internal organs would become more complicated : they can not simply [raise] in size because surface area will not [raise] proportionately , so more intestinal loops and skin tufts may have arisen and , as with the dimetrodon , bony neck frills may become heat-dissipating devices .

It is for this reason whales and hippopotami actually increase their mass to prevent floating .
it is for this reason whales and hippopotami actually [raise] their mass to prevent floating .

These peak forces increase as speed increases , and demand a commensurately stronger skeleton .
these peak forces [raise] as speed increases , and demand a commensurately stronger skeleton .

Triceratops maximised its biting strength by evolving high bony cranks on its lower jaws to move the line of muscle pull-up , and thus increase the leverage .
triceratops maximised its biting strength by evolving high bony cranks on its lower jaws to move the line of muscle pull-up , and thus [raise] the leverage .

The zoologist David Norman points out that the Cretaceous does show a decrease in sauropods , and a rather dramatic increase in ornithopods .
the zoologist david norman points out that the cretaceous does show a decrease in sauropods , and a rather dramatic [raise] in ornithopods .

Varanus can also increase its metabolic rate , like mammals but often more effectively .
varanus can also [raise] its metabolic rate , like mammals but often more effectively .

The early dimetrodon , as we have seen , did appear to have a cooling device on its back , with the spines helping to increase the creature 's surface-to-mass ratio .
the early dimetrodon , as we have seen , did appear to have a cooling device on its back , with the spines helping to [raise] the creature 's surface-to-mass ratio .

Does it not presuppose man 's progress from primitive to sophisticated ways of life , and does it not suggest on the basis of a progressive increase of ahi s a movement from a less good to a better form of life ?
does it not presuppose man 's progress from primitive to sophisticated ways of life , and does it not suggest on the basis of a progressive [raise] of ahi s a movement from a less good to a better form of life ?

On the reverse side of the body some wood has been removed in a sort of crescent moon shape , extending from the upper to lower horn , presumably to increase access to the upper reaches of the Standard 's fingerboard .
on the reverse side of the body some wood has been removed in a sort of crescent moon shape , extending from the upper to lower horn , presumably to [raise] access to the upper reaches of the standard 's fingerboard .

Such revision could increase the value of friendships , autonomy and other forms of creativity , and open up discussion on the pleasures of celibacy , masturbation , shared sex .
such revision could [raise] the value of friendships , autonomy and other forms of creativity , and open up discussion on the pleasures of celibacy , masturbation , shared sex .

Crosswords and games such as Lexicon or Scrabble may all increase your word power .
crosswords and games such as lexicon or scrabble may all [raise] your word power .

But using them in exactly the way suggested will increase your skills .
but using them in exactly the way suggested will [raise] your skills .

We have already noticed that hard wall surfaces , a tiled floor and steel furniture reflect the sounds and increase reverberation .
we have already noticed that hard wall surfaces , a tiled floor and steel furniture reflect the sounds and [raise] reverberation .

Nervousness can be of different kinds , and a certain excitement and exhilaration may actually increase awareness and stimulate ability .
nervousness can be of different kinds , and a certain excitement and exhilaration may actually [raise] awareness and stimulate ability .

Even very simple things such as the correct height of tables , chairs , desks and working-surfaces can increase effectiveness and conserve precious energy .
even very simple things such as the correct height of tables , chairs , desks and working-surfaces can [raise] effectiveness and conserve precious energy .

Redirect the stressful tension or release it , and you increase your ability .
redirect the stressful tension or release it , and you [raise] your ability .

Keep a diary and note if any particular pattern emerges , if any circumstances can be connected with increase or decrease of the tinnitus .
keep a diary and note if any particular pattern emerges , if any circumstances can be connected with [raise] or decrease of the tinnitus .

Without oxygen Biological filtration ceases leading to increase in Ammonia/Nitrite levels .
without oxygen biological filtration ceases leading to [raise] in ammonia/nitrite levels .

In soft acid water aquariums , great care must be taken that the substrates and decorative material used are inert and do not contain lime or chalk , which will simply increase pH and hardness .
in soft acid water aquariums , great care must be taken that the substrates and decorative material used are inert and do not contain lime or chalk , which will simply [raise] ph and hardness .

April/May : Increase the protein content of the food , but do not yet feed a  high-protein  brand .
april/may : [raise] the protein content of the food , but do not yet feed a  high-protein  brand .

And the barrage of complaints is likely to increase this year .
and the barrage of complaints is likely to [raise] this year .

Aerosol resist coating too thick :  increase exposure time or use spray more sparingly .
aerosol resist coating too thick :  [raise] exposure time or use spray more sparingly .

If it does not vary at all , increase the volume a little .
if it does not vary at all , [raise] the volume a little .

The purpose of the exhibition and station is to increase public awareness of the role played by radio in war-time operations and , hopefully , to make contact with many people , whether radio amateurs or not , who can help in achieving the aims of the Society either from personal experience and knowledge of historic equipment or from a special interest in the subject .
the purpose of the exhibition and station is to [raise] public awareness of the role played by radio in war-time operations and , hopefully , to make contact with many people , whether radio amateurs or not , who can help in achieving the aims of the society either from personal experience and knowledge of historic equipment or from a special interest in the subject .

6 Increase oven temperature to 190C/375F/Gas 5 .
6 [raise] oven temperature to 190c/375f/gas 5 .

Our comprehensive course will help you buy with confidence and increase your enjoyment of different wines .
our comprehensive course will help you buy with confidence and [raise] your enjoyment of different wines .

The main reason for the lack of definition is that the response of the amp and speakers changes with an increase in volume .
the main reason for the lack of definition is that the response of the amp and speakers changes with an [raise] in volume .

To clean the sound up and increase the power headroom you require a higher-powered power amp .
to clean the sound up and [raise] the power headroom you require a higher-powered power amp .

Other cabinet designs keep the closed back to retain the bass but introduce a multi-angled baffle to reduce the  beaming  effect and increase high frequency dispersion .
other cabinet designs keep the closed back to retain the bass but introduce a multi-angled baffle to reduce the  beaming  effect and [raise] high frequency dispersion .

Because of the design of your Peavey amp , changing the preamp valve for a different type will not increase the brightness , or clean it up any more than it is already .
because of the design of your peavey amp , changing the preamp valve for a different type will not [raise] the brightness , or clean it up any more than it is already .

Try practising this one slowly at first , and then gradually increase your metronome setting , playing this exercise both horizontally and vertically .
try practising this one slowly at first , and then gradually [raise] your metronome setting , playing this exercise both horizontally and vertically .

Considered in the mid 1970s to be a dying village , with its school in danger of closing , Langtoft 's population is now on the increase as property development flourishes .
considered in the mid 1970s to be a dying village , with its school in danger of closing , langtoft 's population is now on the [raise] as property development flourishes .

There is an increase in the number of dwellings through careful alteration of old buildings such as the Burlington stable , or the division of large houses .
there is an [raise] in the number of dwellings through careful alteration of old buildings such as the burlington stable , or the division of large houses .

The F-Plan shows you how to cut your calorie intake and at the same time increase your intake of dietary fibre from the unrefined cereal foods and the fruits and vegetables which provide it .
the f-plan shows you how to cut your calorie intake and at the same time [raise] your intake of dietary fibre from the unrefined cereal foods and the fruits and vegetables which provide it .

For the health-conscious person , as well as those concerned about weight , they are a unique guide , making it possible to follow that major modern nutritional recommendation made by all leading medical authorities in the Western world : increase your intake of dietary fibre .
for the health-conscious person , as well as those concerned about weight , they are a unique guide , making it possible to follow that major modern nutritional recommendation made by all leading medical authorities in the western world : [raise] your intake of dietary fibre .

Medical experiments indicate that the presence of an appreciable quantity of pectin in the diet tends to increase the number of calories excreted in the stools in the form of fat .
medical experiments indicate that the presence of an appreciable quantity of pectin in the diet tends to [raise] the number of calories excreted in the stools in the form of fat .

Although people were allowed to eat other foods freely , in fact when they were deprived of their refined carbohydrates they tended not to increase their intake of these alternative foods very much  not enough to make up for the calories they were saving .
although people were allowed to eat other foods freely , in fact when they were deprived of their refined carbohydrates they tended not to [raise] their intake of these alternative foods very much  not enough to make up for the calories they were saving .

In one scientific experiment it was found that a daily increase of log of dietary fibre , by the addition of more fruit , vegetables and wholemeal bread to an ordinary Western diet , increased the number of calories excreted in a bowel movement by nearly go .
in one scientific experiment it was found that a daily [raise] of log of dietary fibre , by the addition of more fruit , vegetables and wholemeal bread to an ordinary western diet , increased the number of calories excreted in a bowel movement by nearly go .

In my experience , the major mistake that dieters make lies in deciding that they will exercise once they get slim , rather than starting to increase their physical activity as they start to diet .
in my experience , the major mistake that dieters make lies in deciding that they will exercise once they get slim , rather than starting to [raise] their physical activity as they start to diet .

These factors tend to increase speed of weekly weight loss on a diet
these factors tend to [raise] speed of weekly weight loss on a diet

When you follow the F-Plan menus you can hardly fail to increase daily dietary fibre intake considerably even if you do n't bother to count the grams .
when you follow the f-plan menus you can hardly fail to [raise] daily dietary fibre intake considerably even if you do n't bother to count the grams .

Fruit-juice production is one of the  refining  processes which can unfortunately help to increase our intake of calories on a modern Western diet .
fruit-juice production is one of the  refining  processes which can unfortunately help to [raise] our intake of calories on a modern western diet .

Research is showing that diets which appear perfectly all right in other respects may lead to processes occurring within the gut that could increase the production or the concentration of cancer-inducing substances carcinogens .
research is showing that diets which appear perfectly all right in other respects may lead to processes occurring within the gut that could [raise] the production or the concentration of cancer-inducing substances carcinogens .

Bad guys ( factors which are thought possibly to increase risk of coronary heart disease )
bad guys ( factors which are thought possibly to [raise] risk of coronary heart disease )

Once you have shed your surplus weight you will be able to increase your food intake , and on a normal quota of calories it is n't at all difficult to increase your dietary fibre intake to 40g a day just by becoming aware of the fibre-rich foods as you will during the following weeks .
once you have shed your surplus weight you will be able to [raise] your food intake , and on a normal quota of calories it is n't at all difficult to [raise] your dietary fibre intake to 40g a day just by becoming aware of the fibre-rich foods as you will during the following weeks .

Increase general water maintenance by carrying out regular water changes .
[raise] general water maintenance by carrying out regular water changes .

It is not good practice to use extra filter capacity to increase stocking levels in the main tank .
it is not good practice to use extra filter capacity to [raise] stocking levels in the main tank .

In acupuncture , needles are inserted into specific acupuncture points in order to discharge an excessive build-up of energy or to increase the amount of energy , depending on the points used .
in acupuncture , needles are inserted into specific acupuncture points in order to discharge an excessive build-up of energy or to [raise] the amount of energy , depending on the points used .

Throughout the twentieth century , we have continued to increase the number of wave bands and frequencies in our environment .
throughout the twentieth century , we have continued to [raise] the number of wave bands and frequencies in our environment .

Work undertaken in 1955 showed that potentized arsenic could increase the excretion of arsenic by arsenic-poisoned guinea-pigs .
work undertaken in 1955 showed that potentized arsenic could [raise] the excretion of arsenic by arsenic-poisoned guinea-pigs .

Too many people fail to report crimes because they consider the police inefficient ; we need to restore police efficiency in order to increase the reportage rate and hence obtain a better more reliable gauge of crime .
too many people fail to report crimes because they consider the police inefficient ; we need to restore police efficiency in order to [raise] the reportage rate and hence obtain a better more reliable gauge of crime .

From the above argument a simple hypothesis can be inferred : when these environmental uncertainties increase so the strain towards corporate criminal activity will increase .
from the above argument a simple hypothesis can be inferred : when these environmental uncertainties [raise] so the strain towards corporate criminal activity will [raise] .

What it does reflect is the willingness of the British government to increase the chances of criminalizing poor , oppressed , and sometimes inadequate individuals whilst leaving the rich corporate executive free to operate within and outside the law .
what it does reflect is the willingness of the british government to [raise] the chances of criminalizing poor , oppressed , and sometimes inadequate individuals whilst leaving the rich corporate executive free to operate within and outside the law .

If it is agreed that to regulate corporate crime the level of intervention should be organizational ( although individual offenders should be prosecuted in tandem ) and different judicial principles to increase the state 's chances of securing conviction should be instituted , then what ? Ironically , it is just at the organizational level that ideas of deterrence , incapacitation , rehabilitation , and restitution to the community and the offended gain this season 's attractive fashionable glow .
if it is agreed that to regulate corporate crime the level of intervention should be organizational ( although individual offenders should be prosecuted in tandem ) and different judicial principles to [raise] the state 's chances of securing conviction should be instituted , then what ? ironically , it is just at the organizational level that ideas of deterrence , incapacitation , rehabilitation , and restitution to the community and the offended gain this season 's attractive fashionable glow .

Of course this liberal reform would mean a dramatic increase in the cost of the probation service .
of course this liberal reform would mean a dramatic [raise] in the cost of the probation service .

For example , Snider examined the enforcement of the Canadian Combine Investigation Act , 1889 , which makes it  illegal to conspire or arrange with another person to limit unduly the facilities to manufacture any article , or to prevent or lessen unduly competition in the manufacture or production of any article and to thereby increase the price  ( 1978 : 147 ) .
for example , snider examined the enforcement of the canadian combine investigation act , 1889 , which makes it  illegal to conspire or arrange with another person to limit unduly the facilities to manufacture any article , or to prevent or lessen unduly competition in the manufacture or production of any article and to thereby [raise] the price  ( 1978 : 147 ) .

But Wimbledon midfielder Vinny Jones promised last night that the Dons were ready to increase the misery level at Anfield .
but wimbledon midfielder vinny jones promised last night that the dons were ready to [raise] the misery level at anfield .

The number of women who claim they drink moderately  consuming between eight and 14 units a week  has risen by 31 per cent since 1978 , with half that increase taking place over the last eight years .
the number of women who claim they drink moderately  consuming between eight and 14 units a week  has risen by 31 per cent since 1978 , with half that [raise] taking place over the last eight years .

Heavy Over a quarter of men questioned in the survey of 20,000 people top the safety limit  an 11 per cent increase on 1984 figures .
heavy over a quarter of men questioned in the survey of 20,000 people top the safety limit  an 11 per cent [raise] on 1984 figures .

But for both sexes general sickness is on the increase with a third of all the men and women questioned complained of long-standing ill-health .
but for both sexes general sickness is on the [raise] with a third of all the men and women questioned complained of long-standing ill-health .

Shares of Clarke Foods'- the Lyons Maid ice cream firm- plunged from 64p to 21p after the company cancelled a divi increase .
shares of clarke foods'- the lyons maid ice cream firm- plunged from 64p to 21p after the company cancelled a divi [raise] .

They sold an amazing 43,000 tons of frozen chips last year , a 25 per cent increase on the previous year .
they sold an amazing 43,000 tons of frozen chips last year , a 25 per cent [raise] on the previous year .

An increase in self-esteem .
an [raise] in self-esteem .

The British tendency to choose to limit the size of families over the past 20 years , and the need to move around the country in search of better job prospects , has done little to increase the sense of community and neighbourliness which once absorbed so much of the responsibility for mutual support and so-called  informal  care in the post-war years .
the british tendency to choose to limit the size of families over the past 20 years , and the need to move around the country in search of better job prospects , has done little to [raise] the sense of community and neighbourliness which once absorbed so much of the responsibility for mutual support and so-called  informal  care in the post-war years .

Increase ventilation by lowering two way zips from the top .
[raise] ventilation by lowering two way zips from the top .

They are waymarking routes which are well graded and not too difficult  an increase in facilities will take people off the roads which ca n't be a bad thing .
they are waymarking routes which are well graded and not too difficult  an [raise] in facilities will take people off the roads which ca n't be a bad thing .

Backpackers need to keep the weight high and close to the back , but ski-mountaineers and climbers need the weight to be kept lower to increase stability , although weighty things should be kept close to the back .
backpackers need to keep the weight high and close to the back , but ski-mountaineers and climbers need the weight to be kept lower to [raise] stability , although weighty things should be kept close to the back .

Beyond a certain point however , the amount of improvement tailed off with increase in context .
beyond a certain point however , the amount of improvement tailed off with [raise] in context .

However due to the effective doubling of the number of paths through the dawg , making it bi-directional would increase its size ( Appel and Jacobson , 1988 ) .
however due to the effective doubling of the number of paths through the dawg , making it bi-directional would [raise] its size ( appel and jacobson , 1988 ) .

Other multi-way trees were not implemented due to increase in search times ( e.g .
other multi-way trees were not implemented due to [raise] in search times ( e.g .

With the increase in word and text processing computer systems , programs which check and correct spelling have become more and more common ( see Peterson , 1980 for a review ) .
with the [raise] in word and text processing computer systems , programs which check and correct spelling have become more and more common ( see peterson , 1980 for a review ) .

Additional information can often be used to increase correction accuracy and speed , for example by studying the sources of errors .
additional information can often be used to [raise] correction accuracy and speed , for example by studying the sources of errors .

How much this would increase the size of the tree structure and the speed of look-up , is not clear because it depends upon the number of words stored .
how much this would [raise] the size of the tree structure and the speed of look-up , is not clear because it depends upon the number of words stored .

Penny Hughes , president of Coca-Cola in Britain and Ireland , said :  Our interest in football is very wide and very broad so obviously we 're always discussing any other opportunities to further increase that relationship .
penny hughes , president of coca-cola in britain and ireland , said :  our interest in football is very wide and very broad so obviously we 're always discussing any other opportunities to further [raise] that relationship .

Instead of examining the truth of his charge that Pakistan deface the ball to increase its swing for Wasim Akram and Waqar Younis , they attack Lamb 's motives for speaking out .
instead of examining the truth of his charge that pakistan deface the ball to [raise] its swing for wasim akram and waqar younis , they attack lamb 's motives for speaking out .

But despite the bright start he is still keen to increase his firepower  he has a 400,000 bid in for Charlton striker Robert Lee .
but despite the bright start he is still keen to [raise] his firepower  he has a 400,000 bid in for charlton striker robert lee .

Yesterday 's savage increase in lending rates will devastate British industry for years to come .
yesterday 's savage [raise] in lending rates will devastate british industry for years to come .

 They had to increase lending rates once the Bank of England acted ,  said a spokeswoman .
 they had to [raise] lending rates once the bank of england acted ,  said a spokeswoman .

 We do n't anticipate any increase ,  Sainsbury 's said .
 we do n't anticipate any [raise] ,  sainsbury 's said .

The aspirin and paracetamol market was worth 148 million  a healthy increase of almost 10 per cent on 1990 , said the market research group Datamonitor .
the aspirin and paracetamol market was worth 148 million  a healthy [raise] of almost 10 per cent on 1990 , said the market research group datamonitor .

For hard-up British Rail plan to increase fares by as much as 8.5 per cent on those lines with modern carriages and good punctuality records .
for hard-up british rail plan to [raise] fares by as much as 8.5 per cent on those lines with modern carriages and good punctuality records .

Because of John Major 's Passengers Charter , bosses have ruled out an across-the-board increase from January .
because of john major 's passengers charter , bosses have ruled out an across-the-board [raise] from january .

Chief executive Mr Baker , 54 , saw his earnings increase from 135,911 to 383,935 while his workers had to settle for a 5.5 per cent wage rise . Labour 's employment spokesman , Frank Dobson , fumed :  Does n't he know this is a recession ?
chief executive mr baker , 54 , saw his earnings [raise] from 135,911 to 383,935 while his workers had to settle for a 5.5 per cent wage rise . labour 's employment spokesman , frank dobson , fumed :  does n't he know this is a recession ?

National Power chief executive John Baker got a 157 per cent increase that lifted his salary from 147,194 to 383,935 .
national power chief executive john baker got a 157 per cent [raise] that lifted his salary from 147,194 to 383,935 .

Sir James picked up a 67 per cent increase to 571,000 when profits went up seven per cent .
sir james picked up a 67 per cent [raise] to 571,000 when profits went up seven per cent .

The increase , from 3.75 for each item to more than 4 , will sting the millions of people who fall between those entitled to free prescriptions and those with high incomes .
the [raise] , from 3.75 for each item to more than 4 , will sting the millions of people who fall between those entitled to free prescriptions and those with high incomes .

The news that the ill may face an inflation-busting increase for the second year running was revealed yesterday as carefree Mr Lamont continued to holiday in Italy .
the news that the ill may face an inflation-busting [raise] for the second year running was revealed yesterday as carefree mr lamont continued to holiday in italy .

But it will have soared by 2000 per cent with a 15th increase .
but it will have soared by 2000 per cent with a 15th [raise] .

The huge increase is partly down to last year 's introduction of the finger-shaped crumpet , the first non-circular one since they first tickled English taste buds in the Middle Ages .
the huge [raise] is partly down to last year 's introduction of the finger-shaped crumpet , the first non-circular one since they first tickled english taste buds in the middle ages .

And they may increase their backing as he gets older .
and they may [raise] their backing as he gets older .

New figures show that in the 20 constituencies represented by the Cabinet , nearly 69,000 people are on the dole  an increase of more than 38,000 in two years .
new figures show that in the 20 constituencies represented by the cabinet , nearly 69,000 people are on the dole  an [raise] of more than 38,000 in two years .

The biggest increase , 322 per cent , is in Health Secretary Virginia Bottomley 's Surrey South-west constituency .
the biggest [raise] , 322 per cent , is in health secretary virginia bottomley 's surrey south-west constituency .

It is hoped that the club will quickly reach a membership of 20,000 , with a year on year increase after that .
it is hoped that the club will quickly reach a membership of 20,000 , with a year on year [raise] after that .

With most birds , unless they 're very stubborn , if you increase the distance between perch and glove , little by little , they will readily fly the extra distance .
with most birds , unless they 're very stubborn , if you [raise] the distance between perch and glove , little by little , they will readily fly the extra distance .

During 13 years ' rule by the party of law and order the police have had only a five per cent increase in manpower .
during 13 years ' rule by the party of law and order the police have had only a five per cent [raise] in manpower .

The opt-out schools will just increase the gap between the places where people have money to spend on their kids ' education and those where they have n't .
the opt-out schools will just [raise] the gap between the places where people have money to spend on their kids ' education and those where they have n't .

The manner of the capitalization was that the shares would not be publicly quoted and dealt in like ones on the Stock Exchange , but would be offered to investors who would have faith that the company would grow and their shares would increase with it .
the manner of the capitalization was that the shares would not be publicly quoted and dealt in like ones on the stock exchange , but would be offered to investors who would have faith that the company would grow and their shares would [raise] with it .

Caxton House and Guinness Mahon 's City offices saw frantic activity as existing investors were begged over the phone to increase their contributions in a desperate bid to bridge the gap .
caxton house and guinness mahon 's city offices saw frantic activity as existing investors were begged over the phone to [raise] their contributions in a desperate bid to bridge the gap .

Typically , a young couple with a small two-bedroomed semi in the Essex commuter belt could buy a larger three-bedroomed semi with a reasonable garden or , with a nominal increase in their mortgage , they could buy a three-bedroomed detached house .
typically , a young couple with a small two-bedroomed semi in the essex commuter belt could buy a larger three-bedroomed semi with a reasonable garden or , with a nominal [raise] in their mortgage , they could buy a three-bedroomed detached house .

Technical and professional employees , senior staff and certain other employees with key skills ( such as data control staff with operating languages , job controllers and printed circuit board layout draftsmen ) were eligible for this relocation assistance , although the allowances package was dependent on the condition that the distance between the employee 's old home and Stevenage represented an increase of at least 15 miles compared with their old home to work journey .
technical and professional employees , senior staff and certain other employees with key skills ( such as data control staff with operating languages , job controllers and printed circuit board layout draftsmen ) were eligible for this relocation assistance , although the allowances package was dependent on the condition that the distance between the employee 's old home and stevenage represented an [raise] of at least 15 miles compared with their old home to work journey .

When an employee 's relocation is the result of a promotion or when an employee receives an increase in salary at the new location , any disturbance allowance payable on the basis of a percentage of salary is usually calculated on the new salary .
when an employee 's relocation is the result of a promotion or when an employee receives an [raise] in salary at the new location , any disturbance allowance payable on the basis of a percentage of salary is usually calculated on the new salary .

The level of disturbance allowances may vary according to employees ' marital and domestic circumstances , their grade and/or whether their relocation results in a salary increase .
the level of disturbance allowances may vary according to employees ' marital and domestic circumstances , their grade and/or whether their relocation results in a salary [raise] .

At Cadbury Schweppes employees who do not receive an increase in their salaries as a result of relocation , receive an allowance of 10 per cent of their annual remuneration in addition to their disturbance allowance .
at cadbury schweppes employees who do not receive an [raise] in their salaries as a result of relocation , receive an allowance of 10 per cent of their annual remuneration in addition to their disturbance allowance .

Any mortgage increase undertaken for personal reasons ( for example , to obtain capital , maximise tax allowances ) or purely as a result of purchasing a larger or more desirable property will not qualify for assistance .
any mortgage [raise] undertaken for personal reasons ( for example , to obtain capital , maximise tax allowances ) or purely as a result of purchasing a larger or more desirable property will not qualify for assistance .

For the first year after transfer full excess fares less any increase in office allowance will be paid by the company , costs to be based on season ticket rates where appropriate .
for the first year after transfer full excess fares less any [raise] in office allowance will be paid by the company , costs to be based on season ticket rates where appropriate .

However , should the excess fares and/or office allowance increase at any time during the three year period adjustments will be made .
however , should the excess fares and/or office allowance [raise] at any time during the three year period adjustments will be made .

Financial inducements and , if appropriate , assistance with moving house or travelling , may increase the chances of success .
financial inducements and , if appropriate , assistance with moving house or travelling , may [raise] the chances of success .

Thus the development of the laws of war has consisted of an effort to maintain and affirm certain basic principles , while developing and refining their specific application to the changes in methods of warfare and the continual and horrific increase in humanity 's capacity to destroy itself .
thus the development of the laws of war has consisted of an effort to maintain and affirm certain basic principles , while developing and refining their specific application to the changes in methods of warfare and the continual and horrific [raise] in humanity 's capacity to destroy itself .

The report goes on to repudiate the whole idea of a  no first use  pledge , which might enable  the Soviets  to  gain a unilateral conventional advantage  , would be  unenforceable and unverifiable  , and could  increase the chances of war and thus increase the chances of nuclear conflict  .
the report goes on to repudiate the whole idea of a  no first use  pledge , which might enable  the soviets  to  gain a unilateral conventional advantage  , would be  unenforceable and unverifiable  , and could  [raise] the chances of war and thus [raise] the chances of nuclear conflict  .

In my view legal process embodies some properties which tend to increase the law 's trustworthiness as a moral guide although not one which simply incorporates the moral consensus of ordinary life with the rules of the polity .
in my view legal process embodies some properties which tend to [raise] the law 's trustworthiness as a moral guide although not one which simply incorporates the moral consensus of ordinary life with the rules of the polity .

Second , a vast increase in the level of state intervention in a variety of spheres ( Friedman , 1971 and 1972 , ch .
second , a vast [raise] in the level of state intervention in a variety of spheres ( friedman , 1971 and 1972 , ch .

If this state of affairs continues the state will be denied an important source of legitimation for its own authority  namely the promise ( which it has held out in the past ) of a steady increase in the level of material well-being enjoyed by the population as a whole ( Poggi , 1978 ; Winkler , 1975 ; Poulantzas , 1978 ; Habermas , 1971 , 1976 ) .
if this state of affairs continues the state will be denied an important source of legitimation for its own authority  namely the promise ( which it has held out in the past ) of a steady [raise] in the level of material well-being enjoyed by the population as a whole ( poggi , 1978 ; winkler , 1975 ; poulantzas , 1978 ; habermas , 1971 , 1976 ) .

In the case of the conscientious war-tax protester it is difficult to conceive of any such competing right which may be plausibly argued against them since their action neither threatens direct violence to others nor does it appear significantly to increase the risk of violent attack from elsewhere .
in the case of the conscientious war-tax protester it is difficult to conceive of any such competing right which may be plausibly argued against them since their action neither threatens direct violence to others nor does it appear significantly to [raise] the risk of violent attack from elsewhere .

And do diamonds increase in value as the years pass , like property ?
and do diamonds [raise] in value as the years pass , like property ?

Following President Galtieri 's 75 % increase of the levy on non-Argentine mining interests around the South Pole , violence flared up again as British wildcat oilmen tried to even the score after their resounding defeat in the Malvinas War of 1981 .
following president galtieri 's 75 % [raise] of the levy on non-argentine mining interests around the south pole , violence flared up again as british wildcat oilmen tried to even the score after their resounding defeat in the malvinas war of 1981 .

Ice Kold Katie , the Scottish esperado who has robbed several Argentine-owned banks and trading stores on the continent , celebrated the increase by ambushing and killing a troop of Argentine snowcat cavalrymen on their way to Esperanza .
ice kold katie , the scottish esperado who has robbed several argentine-owned banks and trading stores on the continent , celebrated the [raise] by ambushing and killing a troop of argentine snowcat cavalrymen on their way to esperanza .

You wo n't be able to see through it , but it will increase your field of perception .
you wo n't be able to see through it , but it will [raise] your field of perception .

Do not be surprised though if , following one of these episodes , she suddenly picks herself up temporarily and shows a marked increase of physical activity and busyness , which may include such things as arranging to have some redecorations done in her home or changing all the furniture around .
do not be surprised though if , following one of these episodes , she suddenly picks herself up temporarily and shows a marked [raise] of physical activity and busyness , which may include such things as arranging to have some redecorations done in her home or changing all the furniture around .

These should be few and simple , and must certainly not involve them in any anxiety , or a sharp increase in effort or expenditure .
these should be few and simple , and must certainly not involve them in any anxiety , or a sharp [raise] in effort or expenditure .

In fact , before you even begin to discuss the possibilities , it will be better to make a private room-by-room list of things that might be done to increase their comfort and safety .
in fact , before you even begin to discuss the possibilities , it will be better to make a private room-by-room list of things that might be done to [raise] their comfort and safety .

The hall should have only a minimum of furniture in it , and nothing too near to the bottom of the stairs which could increase her injuries if she fell .
the hall should have only a minimum of furniture in it , and nothing too near to the bottom of the stairs which could [raise] her injuries if she fell .

Increase oven heat to crisp the pork and cook the stuffing for about twenty minutes .
[raise] oven heat to crisp the pork and cook the stuffing for about twenty minutes .

Aube wines had long been used by several Champagne houses , albeit on the quiet , and with no delimited region fixed the practice began to increase .
aube wines had long been used by several champagne houses , albeit on the quiet , and with no delimited region fixed the practice began to [raise] .

Not much of a change for the grand cru Pinot Meunier , but a significant increase for the premiers crus , jumping from a less than 25 % coverage to almost one-third .
not much of a change for the grand cru pinot meunier , but a significant [raise] for the premiers crus , jumping from a less than 25 % coverage to almost one-third .

It is a white variety which is difficult to ripen , hence the yield is small and its contribution to a cuve is to increase the acidity and reduce the alcohol content .
it is a white variety which is difficult to ripen , hence the yield is small and its contribution to a cuve is to [raise] the acidity and reduce the alcohol content .

It is therefore interesting to compare the increase of undesirable tannin with the decrease in desirable active acidity :
it is therefore interesting to compare the [raise] of undesirable tannin with the decrease in desirable active acidity :

Consumer organisations warn that compulsory metering could lead to higher bills if water companies increase their charges to cover the costs of meter installation .
consumer organisations warn that compulsory metering could lead to higher bills if water companies [raise] their charges to cover the costs of meter installation .

It can also increase your bargaining powers if the other side knows you are not afraid to go to court .
it can also [raise] your bargaining powers if the other side knows you are not afraid to go to court .

Sufferers tend to have greasy skin due to an increase in the secretion of sebum , the oily substance from the sebaceous glands .
sufferers tend to have greasy skin due to an [raise] in the secretion of sebum , the oily substance from the sebaceous glands .

Tea and coffee will not improve your fluid balance much , because these increase urine production .
tea and coffee will not improve your fluid balance much , because these [raise] urine production .

In creating figures from the imagination , this grasp of the three-dimensional form is something you will need to call upon constantly as you draw : your practice with these simplified forms will help increase the stock of knowledge you bring to the task .
in creating figures from the imagination , this grasp of the three-dimensional form is something you will need to call upon constantly as you draw : your practice with these simplified forms will help [raise] the stock of knowledge you bring to the task .

Figures released for 1990 show , for the first time since the second world war , a very slight increase in Church of England membership , as well as an increase in those accepted for ordination .
figures released for 1990 show , for the first time since the second world war , a very slight [raise] in church of england membership , as well as an [raise] in those accepted for ordination .

Several solutions are being tried at present to finance the tremendous need for leaders that will increase as church planting gains momentum .
several solutions are being tried at present to finance the tremendous need for leaders that will [raise] as church planting gains momentum .

Helen did n't help herself or increase the possibility of peace on earth by saying she 'd been at Dad 's Chislehurst gig .
helen did n't help herself or [raise] the possibility of peace on earth by saying she 'd been at dad 's chislehurst gig .

Over the long term there has been an  age-migration  of the accident statistics , whereby the number of under-15s killed per annum has fallen by 61 per cent from 192782 compared to an 80 per cent increase for the 1524 year old group .
over the long term there has been an  age-migration  of the accident statistics , whereby the number of under-15s killed per annum has fallen by 61 per cent from 192782 compared to an 80 per cent [raise] for the 1524 year old group .

However , for pedestrian safety , controlling vehicle speed is crucial , for the likelihood of collision and the severity of the consequences both increase with rising speeds .
however , for pedestrian safety , controlling vehicle speed is crucial , for the likelihood of collision and the severity of the consequences both [raise] with rising speeds .

In short , the message of Traffic in Towns was that in order to find civilized ways of accommodating larger volumes of cars , more money could be spent on physical alteration to the area to raise environmental standards or to increase accessibility levels , or both .
in short , the message of traffic in towns was that in order to find civilized ways of accommodating larger volumes of cars , more money could be spent on physical alteration to the area to raise environmental standards or to [raise] accessibility levels , or both .

With the increase in greenery and play space the streets have become both more attractive and lively .
with the [raise] in greenery and play space the streets have become both more attractive and lively .

Through traffic is usually reduced by road closures and speeds are cut by carriageway narrowings , small roundabouts and by various types of humps , which additionally increase conspicuity of intersections and other traffic .
through traffic is usually reduced by road closures and speeds are cut by carriageway narrowings , small roundabouts and by various types of humps , which additionally [raise] conspicuity of intersections and other traffic .

Verkehrsberuhigung means , it argued , improvements for pedestrians , cycles , buses and trams , an increase in traffic safety , an improvement of the environment where you live , a stimulation of central living and shopping , less noise , less exhaust fumes , a more pleasant appearance and less traffic signs , greenness , and less comfort and speed for car traffic .
verkehrsberuhigung means , it argued , improvements for pedestrians , cycles , buses and trams , an [raise] in traffic safety , an improvement of the environment where you live , a stimulation of central living and shopping , less noise , less exhaust fumes , a more pleasant appearance and less traffic signs , greenness , and less comfort and speed for car traffic .

In this practice there is a parallel with Dutch work , for like the 30 km/h zone experiments in Holland , though these avoid the use of sophisticated Woonerf-style street furniture , they still attempt to incorporate the infrastructural works that increase the driver 's perception of the need for slow-speed behaviour .
in this practice there is a parallel with dutch work , for like the 30 km/h zone experiments in holland , though these avoid the use of sophisticated woonerf-style street furniture , they still attempt to incorporate the infrastructural works that [raise] the driver 's perception of the need for slow-speed behaviour .

The provision of access and parking facilities and the increase in vehicle/pedestrian conflict are problems requiring special skills if the quality of life in urban areas is to be maintained or improved .
the provision of access and parking facilities and the [raise] in vehicle/pedestrian conflict are problems requiring special skills if the quality of life in urban areas is to be maintained or improved .

Such routes should increase in density towards the town centre , where they might have weather-protection canopies and be served by what Ramsay has called  pedestrian service points  .
such routes should [raise] in density towards the town centre , where they might have weather-protection canopies and be served by what ramsay has called  pedestrian service points  .

To ensure shortest-path routes for cyclists and to increase their safety and comfort , cycle traffic can be permitted to deviate from existing traffic regulations .
to ensure shortest-path routes for cyclists and to [raise] their safety and comfort , cycle traffic can be permitted to deviate from existing traffic regulations .

Specifically , it was hoped to discover how cyclists would use and perceive a comprehensive and integrated bicycle network and whether an increase in bicycle traffic and/or a decrease in cycling accidents would result .
specifically , it was hoped to discover how cyclists would use and perceive a comprehensive and integrated bicycle network and whether an [raise] in bicycle traffic and/or a decrease in cycling accidents would result .

By the end of the six months , Edouard 's old resolve grew fiercer : he would restore that empire to its former glory , and then he would develop it , increase it , expand it .
by the end of the six months , edouard 's old resolve grew fiercer : he would restore that empire to its former glory , and then he would develop it , [raise] it , expand it .

While the increase in Headley Parish Council 's contribution towards the upkeep of the churchyard is welcomed , it was pointed out that the church still has to find 2,412 from general funds to cover the deficit .
while the [raise] in headley parish council 's contribution towards the upkeep of the churchyard is welcomed , it was pointed out that the church still has to find 2,412 from general funds to cover the deficit .

These will increase in efficiency , and with strong belief in hard work and more education , and with the organisation and money provided by Japan , and helped by cheaper labour , will be more and more a threat to all Western economies .
these will [raise] in efficiency , and with strong belief in hard work and more education , and with the organisation and money provided by japan , and helped by cheaper labour , will be more and more a threat to all western economies .

Therapeutic help for children is often delayed by the court process and court appearances can increase the trauma to the child and the length of therapeutic treatment subsequently needed .
therapeutic help for children is often delayed by the court process and court appearances can [raise] the trauma to the child and the length of therapeutic treatment subsequently needed .

Twenty years ago it cost only 3p to post a first-class letter , whereas today it costs 24p  an increase of 800 per cent .
twenty years ago it cost only 3p to post a first-class letter , whereas today it costs 24p  an [raise] of 800 per cent .

The average funeral bill was 956.71p against 867.29p in 1990 , an increase of 11.3 percent .
the average funeral bill was 956.71p against 867.29p in 1990 , an [raise] of 11.3 percent .

One of the main reasons for the increase was the 15 percent rise in crematorium fees .
one of the main reasons for the [raise] was the 15 percent rise in crematorium fees .

Those grounds are only two among several that can increase their existing ground capacity with temporary seating sufficiently to match the current capacities of Worcester , Taunton , Chelmsford and Southampton , to name only four .
those grounds are only two among several that can [raise] their existing ground capacity with temporary seating sufficiently to match the current capacities of worcester , taunton , chelmsford and southampton , to name only four .

When they are combined , these enhancements are expected to increase the SuperSparc-II 's floating point to a integer ratio .
when they are combined , these enhancements are expected to [raise] the supersparc-ii 's floating point to a integer ratio .

They find a process which includes both improvement  the increase in average attainment among all children in their Scottish sample ; and equalization  a reduction in class differences .
they find a process which includes both improvement  the [raise] in average attainment among all children in their scottish sample ; and equalization  a reduction in class differences .

This deeply ingrained suspicion of central government explains the aversion of teachers to any increase of ministerial involvement in curricular matters .
this deeply ingrained suspicion of central government explains the aversion of teachers to any [raise] of ministerial involvement in curricular matters .

It is now a minority who enter full-time employment and there has been considerable increase in the numbers who now take some form of further education .
it is now a minority who enter full-time employment and there has been considerable [raise] in the numbers who now take some form of further education .

This is accounted for by a 9 % rise in orders ; a 5 % increase in hardware shipments and 16 % increase in software and services  including equipment .
this is accounted for by a 9 % rise in orders ; a 5 % [raise] in hardware shipments and 16 % [raise] in software and services  including equipment .

Cincinnati Bell Inc has had the all clear from Standard & Poor 's Corp , which affirmed Cincinnati Bell Telephone Co 's double-A-minus senior debt rating on its $285m or so of debt following the company 's announcement that it would file for a 9% increase in local services and a three-year alternative regulation plan beginning January 1 1994 .
cincinnati bell inc has had the all clear from standard & poor 's corp , which affirmed cincinnati bell telephone co 's double-a-minus senior debt rating on its $285m or so of debt following the company 's announcement that it would file for a 9% [raise] in local services and a three-year alternative regulation plan beginning january 1 1994 .

 It has been decided to increase the area of surveillance , to widen the ring of protection and observation .
 it has been decided to [raise] the area of surveillance , to widen the ring of protection and observation .

However , we can not be certain whether the subsequent rise in recorded incidents stems from the way the public refers domestic violence to the police or from a real increase in domestic strife .
however , we can not be certain whether the subsequent rise in recorded incidents stems from the way the public refers domestic violence to the police or from a real [raise] in domestic strife .

We can look at these and easily see not only an increase nationally over time but also big differences between local authorities .
we can look at these and easily see not only an [raise] nationally over time but also big differences between local authorities .

This trend is partly accounted for by the steady increase in cohabitation .
this trend is partly accounted for by the steady [raise] in cohabitation .

Loneliness and the absence of advice , guidance and support often lead to them striking up friendships with others in the same situation which can offer peer-group support or may increase risks of involvement in prostitution , drugs or solvent abuse .
loneliness and the absence of advice , guidance and support often lead to them striking up friendships with others in the same situation which can offer peer-group support or may [raise] risks of involvement in prostitution , drugs or solvent abuse .

On the basis of current trends , the impact of divorce and remarriage on young people will no doubt not only continue but is likely to increase .
on the basis of current trends , the impact of divorce and remarriage on young people will no doubt not only continue but is likely to [raise] .

 in his evidence to the Cleveland Inquiry , reported that : He went on to say , however , that his association undertook a survey in July 1987 of 100 local authorities and found an increase in child abuse registrations of 22 per cent for the country over the previous year , with the most significant increases in child sexual abuse .
 in his evidence to the cleveland inquiry , reported that : he went on to say , however , that his association undertook a survey in july 1987 of 100 local authorities and found an [raise] in child abuse registrations of 22 per cent for the country over the previous year , with the most significant increases in child sexual abuse .

He also demonstrated an increase in the number of related referrals and investigations .
he also demonstrated an [raise] in the number of related referrals and investigations .

For efforts to keep false negatives to a minimum will increase the likelihood of false positives , while attempts to reduce false positives will increase the likelihood of tragedies in false negatives .
for efforts to keep false negatives to a minimum will [raise] the likelihood of false positives , while attempts to reduce false positives will [raise] the likelihood of tragedies in false negatives .

During the spring the Sol becomes a torrent as melt waters vastly increase the volume of water .
during the spring the sol becomes a torrent as melt waters vastly [raise] the volume of water .

Historically the marked increase in the flow and quality of economic statistics was a valuable outcome of the war effort .
historically the marked [raise] in the flow and quality of economic statistics was a valuable outcome of the war effort .

Trade figures , despite the fact that they show a sustained increase in the volume of exports , tell a particularly sad story of relative decline for a once dominant trading nation .
trade figures , despite the fact that they show a sustained [raise] in the volume of exports , tell a particularly sad story of relative decline for a once dominant trading nation .

After all , during the First World War prices had been held to a twofold increase : the inflationary explosion had occurred immediately after the war .
after all , during the first world war prices had been held to a twofold [raise] : the inflationary explosion had occurred immediately after the war .

It proved very successful in terms of the increase in exports [ Worswick and Ady , 1952 ] , though new research is beginning to suggest that official efforts ( largely through the agency of the Board of Trade ) made only a marginal contribution as compared with general forces leading to an expansion of international trade .
it proved very successful in terms of the [raise] in exports [ worswick and ady , 1952 ] , though new research is beginning to suggest that official efforts ( largely through the agency of the board of trade ) made only a marginal contribution as compared with general forces leading to an expansion of international trade .

This was the outcome of changes in population growth and its age distribution which were only partly compensated for by the marked increase in female participation ratios , especially of those in the 2560 age groups [ Matthews et al .
this was the outcome of changes in population growth and its age distribution which were only partly compensated for by the marked [raise] in female participation ratios , especially of those in the 2560 age groups [ matthews et al .

Numerous analyses leave no doubt that the scale of these changes can not be explained by any combination of relative adjustments within the context of post-war international economic recovery , the emergence of new industrial nations , the vigorous operation of comparative advantage within a high growth of trade , or by the substantial increase in semi-manufactures [ Panic , 1975 ] .
numerous analyses leave no doubt that the scale of these changes can not be explained by any combination of relative adjustments within the context of post-war international economic recovery , the emergence of new industrial nations , the vigorous operation of comparative advantage within a high growth of trade , or by the substantial [raise] in semi-manufactures [ panic , 1975 ] .

Between 1950 and the early 1970s the sector grew by just under 10 per cent and the increase was mainly made up of financial and commercial services .
between 1950 and the early 1970s the sector grew by just under 10 per cent and the [raise] was mainly made up of financial and commercial services .

But this increase was minuscule when set against the potential gain from an improvement in industrial productivity which would make up only half the gap between Britain and its competitors .
but this [raise] was minuscule when set against the potential gain from an improvement in industrial productivity which would make up only half the gap between britain and its competitors .

Within this overall increase insurance grew by a factor of 11.7 , construction overseas by 11.4 , banking by 7.7 , brokerage by 7.3 and commodity trading by 5.8 .
within this overall [raise] insurance grew by a factor of 11.7 , construction overseas by 11.4 , banking by 7.7 , brokerage by 7.3 and commodity trading by 5.8 .

Whilst exports to the dollar area rose by three times in current terms between 1947 and 1951 , as a share of total exports the increase ( from 11.5 to 14.5 per cent ) was only marginal .
whilst exports to the dollar area rose by three times in current terms between 1947 and 1951 , as a share of total exports the [raise] ( from 11.5 to 14.5 per cent ) was only marginal .

One factor here is that we are increasing the number of referees we use outside Britain , and this may sometimes increase delay , although electronic communication is shrinking the globe fast .
one factor here is that we are increasing the number of referees we use outside britain , and this may sometimes [raise] delay , although electronic communication is shrinking the globe fast .

The same is true if he wishes to make a plot of the total energy of the aircraft to establish where there has been a significant increase or decrease in thrust or drag .
the same is true if he wishes to make a plot of the total energy of the aircraft to establish where there has been a significant [raise] or decrease in thrust or drag .

According to a Dataquest Japan survey , Apple Computer Inc was the only personal computer maker in Japan to increase its shipments in 1992  increasing by 45.8 % to 185,000 units and jumping up the market share league table to third place from sixth last year , taking 8.3 % of the market , writes Anita Byrnes .
according to a dataquest japan survey , apple computer inc was the only personal computer maker in japan to [raise] its shipments in 1992  increasing by 45.8 % to 185,000 units and jumping up the market share league table to third place from sixth last year , taking 8.3 % of the market , writes anita byrnes .

Psion Plc has made a strong recovery for the year to December 31 due to a large increase in both international sales and sales of its Series 3 range of handheld computers to the retail sector .
psion plc has made a strong recovery for the year to december 31 due to a large [raise] in both international sales and sales of its series 3 range of handheld computers to the retail sector .

As a result of this increase in sales , and caution on the company 's part following financial difficulties during 1990 and 1991 , research and development expenditure has now fallen to approximately 4 % of turnover , or 1.5m .
as a result of this [raise] in sales , and caution on the company 's part following financial difficulties during 1990 and 1991 , research and development expenditure has now fallen to approximately 4 % of turnover , or 1.5m .

This investment will increase over the next two years though , Potter said , to maintain growth and ensure that the company remains competitive .
this investment will [raise] over the next two years though , potter said , to maintain growth and ensure that the company remains competitive .

But those companies with over 35m annual revenues saw a zero increase in turnover with an average 5.8 % rise in pre-tax margins last year , while those with under 35m revenues , grew their turnover by an average of 4 % , with pre-tax margins up 7.2 % .
but those companies with over 35m annual revenues saw a zero [raise] in turnover with an average 5.8 % rise in pre-tax margins last year , while those with under 35m revenues , grew their turnover by an average of 4 % , with pre-tax margins up 7.2 % .

Encore Computer Corp , Fort Lauderdale , Florida has persuaded the Gould Inc subsidiary of Nikko Kyodo Co Inc  which wanted to be shot of Encore altogether when it bought Gould , but has had to keep the company in the fold and bankroll it to have a chance of realising any value from it  to increase its revolving credit facility by $20m ; the pact also extends the maturity dates of Encore 's $50m term loan agreement to April 2 1995 , and the $35m increased revolving credit pact to July 3 1994 .
encore computer corp , fort lauderdale , florida has persuaded the gould inc subsidiary of nikko kyodo co inc  which wanted to be shot of encore altogether when it bought gould , but has had to keep the company in the fold and bankroll it to have a chance of realising any value from it  to [raise] its revolving credit facility by $20m ; the pact also extends the maturity dates of encore 's $50m term loan agreement to april 2 1995 , and the $35m increased revolving credit pact to july 3 1994 .

Apple Computer Inc filed a shelf registration with the Securities & Exchange Commission for up to $ 500m of debt securities , common stock and warrants and net proceeds will be used to increase working capital and possible financing of capital expenditures .
apple computer inc filed a shelf registration with the securities & exchange commission for up to $ 500m of debt securities , common stock and warrants and net proceeds will be used to [raise] working capital and possible financing of capital expenditures .

All the shares will be offered by the company as part of a comprehensive refinancing plan to reduce debt , strengthen the capital structure , increase financial flexibility and improve profitability by reducing interest costs and increase the market liquidity of the common stock  most of the shares are currently still held by former parent Perkin-Elmer Corp , which would no doubt like to see a better price before it sells .
all the shares will be offered by the company as part of a comprehensive refinancing plan to reduce debt , strengthen the capital structure , [raise] financial flexibility and improve profitability by reducing interest costs and [raise] the market liquidity of the common stock  most of the shares are currently still held by former parent perkin-elmer corp , which would no doubt like to see a better price before it sells .

Any competitive networks set up might produce an increase in demand as a result of having stimulated new requirements .
any competitive networks set up might produce an [raise] in demand as a result of having stimulated new requirements .

Installing computers can increase personal productivity .
installing computers can [raise] personal productivity .

Networking computers can increase efficiency for organisations .
networking computers can [raise] efficiency for organisations .

Most people do not realise how much they could increase their pleasure , success and income by reading faster and more accurately .
most people do not realise how much they could [raise] their pleasure , success and income by reading faster and more accurately .

In supporting the Federal Government 's public policy objectives , KfW extended long-term loans and grants worth 27.8 billion Deutsche Marks in the year under review , which means a 25% increase .
in supporting the federal government 's public policy objectives , kfw extended long-term loans and grants worth 27.8 billion deutsche marks in the year under review , which means a 25% [raise] .

While 1990 is likely to be a difficult new business year , Mr Bell declared himself confident  that our financial strength and reputation , allied to the determination and enthusiasm of our staff , will again enable us to increase further our share of the various markets in which we operate . 
while 1990 is likely to be a difficult new business year , mr bell declared himself confident  that our financial strength and reputation , allied to the determination and enthusiasm of our staff , will again enable us to [raise] further our share of the various markets in which we operate . 

Then , once the revs increase above 4000 , the valve opens to link all six air intakes and turn the separate units back into a straight six engine .
then , once the revs [raise] above 4000 , the valve opens to link all six air intakes and turn the separate units back into a straight six engine .

 Protect waterproofing  Increase roof insulation  Provide non-slip pedestrian surface
 protect waterproofing  [raise] roof insulation  provide non-slip pedestrian surface

Remote though this area can be , even the minor roads are generally good , although once we had to switch the Citron 's self-levelling suspension to  high  to increase ground clearance through a ford .
remote though this area can be , even the minor roads are generally good , although once we had to switch the citron 's self-levelling suspension to  high  to [raise] ground clearance through a ford .

The move results from an increase in sales across all product areas .
the move results from an [raise] in sales across all product areas .

Midland accounted for nearly half this provision while most of the remaining increase relates to Olympia & York , the developer of the failed Canary Wharf complex in London 's Docklands .
midland accounted for nearly half this provision while most of the remaining [raise] relates to olympia & york , the developer of the failed canary wharf complex in london 's docklands .

This confirmed the increase in consumer demand since the start of the year .
this confirmed the [raise] in consumer demand since the start of the year .

Operating profit grew strongly throughout 1992 , producing an 85 pc increase to 11.3 million .
operating profit grew strongly throughout 1992 , producing an 85 pc [raise] to 11.3 million .

Manufacturing output jumped 0.8 per cent between December and January , confirming the increase in consumer demand since the start of the year .
manufacturing output jumped 0.8 per cent between december and january , confirming the [raise] in consumer demand since the start of the year .

City economists had predicted a modest 0.2 pc increase in the wake of flat output in December .
city economists had predicted a modest 0.2 pc [raise] in the wake of flat output in december .

According to the Central Statistical Office the monthly increase in the manufacturing sector overall was the strongest since February last year , when production bounced 1.4 pc .
according to the central statistical office the monthly [raise] in the manufacturing sector overall was the strongest since february last year , when production bounced 1.4 pc .

The duty on cider would rise by 1/2p , but there would be no increase in the duty on spirits .
the duty on cider would rise by 1/2p , but there would be no [raise] in the duty on spirits .

Increase in petrol prices , which will push up Project 's transport costs .
[raise] in petrol prices , which will push up project 's transport costs .

Next year , he has pledged to increase the present company car taxing scales by 8pc , but from 1995 drivers will pay tax according to the manufacturer 's list price for each car .
next year , he has pledged to [raise] the present company car taxing scales by 8pc , but from 1995 drivers will pay tax according to the manufacturer 's list price for each car .

Mr Cocker said the increase in road tax  had to be expected  , although it was  big when you consider inflation  .
mr cocker said the [raise] in road tax  had to be expected  , although it was  big when you consider inflation  .

The increase in national insurance gave the Government  more freedom for movement next year  , when it was unlikely Mr Lamont would still be Chancellor .
the [raise] in national insurance gave the government  more freedom for movement next year  , when it was unlikely mr lamont would still be chancellor .

Spain 's figure of 677 lost days is an 11pc increase , against the general trend .
spain 's figure of 677 lost days is an 11pc [raise] , against the general trend .

Then , to increase her income and her reputation , she plunged into business enterprises for which she was ill-equipped and inexperienced ; in three or four years she had lost most of her money and people refused to work for her ,  it was advised about the town  that neither man nor beast would serve the said creature  .
then , to [raise] her income and her reputation , she plunged into business enterprises for which she was ill-equipped and inexperienced ; in three or four years she had lost most of her money and people refused to work for her ,  it was advised about the town  that neither man nor beast would serve the said creature  .

In creating figures from the imagination , this grasp of the three-dimensional form is something you will need to call upon constantly as you draw : your practice with these simplified forms will help increase the stock of knowledge you bring to the task .
in creating figures from the imagination , this grasp of the three-dimensional form is something you will need to call upon constantly as you draw : your practice with these simplified forms will help [raise] the stock of knowledge you bring to the task .

Geophysical work in the core programme has been focused on interpreting existing datasets , particularly so as to pick up evidence of underlying structural controls and increase our three dimensional understanding of the crust .
geophysical work in the core programme has been focused on interpreting existing datasets , particularly so as to pick up evidence of underlying structural controls and [raise] our three dimensional understanding of the crust .

This and the replication in Murchison House , Edinburgh , of courses given at Keyworth led to a substantial increase in staff attendance .
this and the replication in murchison house , edinburgh , of courses given at keyworth led to a substantial [raise] in staff attendance .

This increase has generally followed the increased use of fertilisers by something like two decades , so that as yet there is little pesticide in most groundwater .
this [raise] has generally followed the increased use of fertilisers by something like two decades , so that as yet there is little pesticide in most groundwater .

Instead of wasting energy arguing over contentious issues and different oppressions , we used the issue to clarify and increase our understanding and feelings about our oppressions and those of others .
instead of wasting energy arguing over contentious issues and different oppressions , we used the issue to clarify and [raise] our understanding and feelings about our oppressions and those of others .

Essex has witnessed a significant increase in pupil exclusions in both primary and secondary schools , but still has one of the lowest rates in the region .
essex has witnessed a significant [raise] in pupil exclusions in both primary and secondary schools , but still has one of the lowest rates in the region .

 We 're going to see an increase in bullying , exclusions and truancy unless we start tackling the problems at their root .
 we 're going to see an [raise] in bullying , exclusions and truancy unless we start tackling the problems at their root .

The 50p increase , almost eight times the level of inflation , sparked a wave of protest and accusations of a  tax on the sick  and  rationing by stealth  .
the 50p [raise] , almost eight times the level of inflation , sparked a wave of protest and accusations of a  tax on the sick  and  rationing by stealth  .

Opposition MPs , doctors ' leaders , nurses and pharmacists warned that the rise , with a 5pc increase in dental charges also announced yesterday , would force hard-up patients to do without treatment .
opposition mps , doctors ' leaders , nurses and pharmacists warned that the rise , with a 5pc [raise] in dental charges also announced yesterday , would force hard-up patients to do without treatment .

The increase is the 15th since the Conservatives came to power in 1979 , when the charge for a prescription was just 20p per item .
the [raise] is the 15th since the conservatives came to power in 1979 , when the charge for a prescription was just 20p per item .

He said the school offered an excellent service which can not be quantified in cash terms , the  vast increase in truancy and expulsion from schools  was another argument for keeping the residential school open , he said .
he said the school offered an excellent service which can not be quantified in cash terms , the  vast [raise] in truancy and expulsion from schools  was another argument for keeping the residential school open , he said .

It concludes that the causes of the increase in exclusions are difficult to define .
it concludes that the causes of the [raise] in exclusions are difficult to define .

 The reasons for the increase in unacceptable behaviour , he believes , are varied and complex .
 the reasons for the [raise] in unacceptable behaviour , he believes , are varied and complex .

The 13 per cent increase , almost eight times the level of inflation , has been roundly condemned by doctors , nurses , pharmacists and opposition MPs .
the 13 per cent [raise] , almost eight times the level of inflation , has been roundly condemned by doctors , nurses , pharmacists and opposition mps .

He said the increase to 4.25 would affect about half the population and could lead to some hard-up patients being forced to go without certain treatments .
he said the [raise] to 4.25 would affect about half the population and could lead to some hard-up patients being forced to go without certain treatments .

The crucial issue , union reps say , is not so much the imposition of a maximum 1.5 per cent increase in line with the rest of the public sector but the abandonment of the all-party agreement on the fire service pay formula .
the crucial issue , union reps say , is not so much the imposition of a maximum 1.5 per cent [raise] in line with the rest of the public sector but the abandonment of the all-party agreement on the fire service pay formula .

The rate of increase slipped to 3 per cent during the period compared with 3.6pc in the three months to the end of January , the Labour Research Department said in a survey of more than 600 settlements .
the rate of [raise] slipped to 3 per cent during the period compared with 3.6pc in the three months to the end of january , the labour research department said in a survey of more than 600 settlements .

He was also dismayed by the 15 increase on road tax and petrol rises of 12p on a gallon of unleaded and 15p on four star .
he was also dismayed by the 15 [raise] on road tax and petrol rises of 12p on a gallon of unleaded and 15p on four star .

 There was certainly a sting in the tail and the increase on fuel charges is a fatal blow for pensioners ,  he said .
 there was certainly a sting in the tail and the [raise] on fuel charges is a fatal blow for pensioners ,  he said .

She was particularly concerned by the large increase in petrol tax , which added 15p to a gallon of four star .
she was particularly concerned by the large [raise] in petrol tax , which added 15p to a gallon of four star .

 This rise , together with the increase in car tax , will force some disabled people on benefits to seriously limit the number of times they leave the house ,  she said .
 this rise , together with the [raise] in car tax , will force some disabled people on benefits to seriously limit the number of times they leave the house ,  she said .

It is intriguing , however , to find , in the appendix , evidence from Parkes ' study that the group of widows over the age of 65 showed a much smaller increase in sedative consumption after bereavement than those under 65 years old .
it is intriguing , however , to find , in the appendix , evidence from parkes ' study that the group of widows over the age of 65 showed a much smaller [raise] in sedative consumption after bereavement than those under 65 years old .

The 1981 census showed that nearly 97 per cent of people of pensionable age were thus accommodated ; while the recent dramatic growth of private residential care may increase the proportion in institutional care , the fact remains that they will remain a minute fraction of the elderly population .
the 1981 census showed that nearly 97 per cent of people of pensionable age were thus accommodated ; while the recent dramatic growth of private residential care may [raise] the proportion in institutional care , the fact remains that they will remain a minute fraction of the elderly population .

We should further note the dramatic increase , postwar , in numbers of old people living alone .
we should further note the dramatic [raise] , postwar , in numbers of old people living alone .

In general  rejection appears to increase with the development of disability and the continuation of caring  only a handful of these disabled mothers would be said to be receiving tending in a context which was predominantly loving 
in general  rejection appears to [raise] with the development of disability and the continuation of caring  only a handful of these disabled mothers would be said to be receiving tending in a context which was predominantly loving 

This , it may be argued , would increase choice and independence for elderly people .
this , it may be argued , would [raise] choice and independence for elderly people .

Even though these figures increase quite sharply for old people over 75 , it is still a minority of that population .
even though these figures [raise] quite sharply for old people over 75 , it is still a minority of that population .

Liberal Democrat Michael Young urged the council to increase the budget to prevent the risk of the Government reducing spending limits in the future .
liberal democrat michael young urged the council to [raise] the budget to prevent the risk of the government reducing spending limits in the future .

Home Office Minister of State Michael Jack said later in a Commons written reply that the Government had no immediate plans to increase the penalties for the possession of porno-graphic material .
home office minister of state michael jack said later in a commons written reply that the government had no immediate plans to [raise] the penalties for the possession of porno-graphic material .

Almost as predictably , he plumped for a 1pc increase in National Insurance contributions .
almost as predictably , he plumped for a 1pc [raise] in national insurance contributions .

Despite the increase in the number of scholars studying the period , the same preoccupation with art-history and the origins of peoples persisted and continued to do so through the 1960s in studies of pottery ( Myres 1969 ; 1970 ) and metalwork ( Hawkes 1961 ; Hawkes and Dunning 1961 ) .
despite the [raise] in the number of scholars studying the period , the same preoccupation with art-history and the origins of peoples persisted and continued to do so through the 1960s in studies of pottery ( myres 1969 ; 1970 ) and metalwork ( hawkes 1961 ; hawkes and dunning 1961 ) .

Traditional topics were omitted , supplanted by studies of the form and pattern of settlement , made possible by the great increase in their rate of discovery and excavation during the 1970s .
traditional topics were omitted , supplanted by studies of the form and pattern of settlement , made possible by the great [raise] in their rate of discovery and excavation during the 1970s .

In this way the move to more fertile soils may have been made to improve productivity per person and increase output for similar or less effort .
in this way the move to more fertile soils may have been made to improve productivity per person and [raise] output for similar or less effort .

Alternatively , they may be given as a mark of generosity so as to increase the cohesive forces in society , known as levelling mechanisms .
alternatively , they may be given as a mark of generosity so as to [raise] the cohesive forces in society , known as levelling mechanisms .

And the special pull-forward visor means you can increase the effectiveness of the hood over a greater area .
and the special pull-forward visor means you can [raise] the effectiveness of the hood over a greater area .

If on the other hand fertilisation of the egg has occurred and it becomes successfully implanted in the lining of the womb , levels of Progesterone will continue to increase throughout the pregnancy .
if on the other hand fertilisation of the egg has occurred and it becomes successfully implanted in the lining of the womb , levels of progesterone will continue to [raise] throughout the pregnancy .

It took only two years of renewed civilian government to see this death toll increase by 50 per cent .
it took only two years of renewed civilian government to see this death toll [raise] by 50 per cent .

The first half of the eighteenth century had seen an increase in trade , which was paralleled by an increase in the population .
the first half of the eighteenth century had seen an [raise] in trade , which was paralleled by an [raise] in the population .

The increase was not uniformly distributed over the whole country ; the population grew most rapidly in the North and West , especially where coal and iron were to be found , and supplied a convenient labour force for the manufacturing industries .
the [raise] was not uniformly distributed over the whole country ; the population grew most rapidly in the north and west , especially where coal and iron were to be found , and supplied a convenient labour force for the manufacturing industries .

In the textile industry a number of technical inventions produced an increase in output ; a way had been found of using coal , in the form of coke , to smelt iron ; and the steam engine was so improved that it provided a new source of power .
in the textile industry a number of technical inventions produced an [raise] in output ; a way had been found of using coal , in the form of coke , to smelt iron ; and the steam engine was so improved that it provided a new source of power .

Labour 's tax-spending dilemmas would evaporate in the face of the increase in wealth and reduction in expenditure that would follow from a fully employed economy .
labour 's tax-spending dilemmas would evaporate in the face of the [raise] in wealth and reduction in expenditure that would follow from a fully employed economy .

The second reaction is the likelihood , indeed near certainty , of what will happen if urban discontent , crime and violence increase : this will be attributed not to the social situation but to the inferior , even criminal , disposition of the people involved .
the second reaction is the likelihood , indeed near certainty , of what will happen if urban discontent , crime and violence [raise] : this will be attributed not to the social situation but to the inferior , even criminal , disposition of the people involved .

Try to avoid holding on back cyclic as the throttle is closed , since this will increase the possibility of a tailboom strike by the blades .
try to avoid holding on back cyclic as the throttle is closed , since this will [raise] the possibility of a tailboom strike by the blades .

Starting very gently , you increase both the speed and the sharpness of the turns as your confidence grows until you are flying a figure of eight course , still without letting the nose of the model point straight at you ( Fig .
starting very gently , you [raise] both the speed and the sharpness of the turns as your confidence grows until you are flying a figure of eight course , still without letting the nose of the model point straight at you ( fig .

If you held on the forward stick , the nose down attitude would increase and the model would move away from you at ever increasing speed and things would rapidly develop into an uncontrollable situation for the novice .
if you held on the forward stick , the nose down attitude would [raise] and the model would move away from you at ever increasing speed and things would rapidly develop into an uncontrollable situation for the novice .

When the machine stops , you must immediately lower the nose and increase the power to the hover level .
when the machine stops , you must immediately lower the nose and [raise] the power to the hover level .

Raising the nose will cause an increase in translational lift and make the helicopter climb-possibly quite sharply .
raising the nose will cause an [raise] in translational lift and make the helicopter climb-possibly quite sharply .

To avoid this you must reduce power yet be ready to level out and increase power when the motion stops  not easy for the novice .
to avoid this you must reduce power yet be ready to level out and [raise] power when the motion stops  not easy for the novice .

The resulting sharp increase in drag will provide a rapid deceleration and far less sideways cyclic will be required to provide braking effort .
the resulting sharp [raise] in drag will provide a rapid deceleration and far less sideways cyclic will be required to provide braking effort .

Assuming that you have plenty of fuel left , immediately increase power and do another circuit to gain confidence and prove to yourself that it was no fluke .
assuming that you have plenty of fuel left , immediately [raise] power and do another circuit to gain confidence and prove to yourself that it was no fluke .

This is further complicated if a helicopter radio with some form of collective/tail rotor mixing is used , since this will increase the tail rotor pitch to compensate for the increased power and pitch being used .
this is further complicated if a helicopter radio with some form of collective/tail rotor mixing is used , since this will [raise] the tail rotor pitch to compensate for the increased power and pitch being used .

This is , indeed , one of the highest functions of art to bring order out of chaos , and  charity , delight , increase  out of disorder .
this is , indeed , one of the highest functions of art to bring order out of chaos , and  charity , delight , [raise]  out of disorder .

Now suppose we increase all forward variables by 0 , decrease all reverse variables by  and leave all other variables unchanged .
now suppose we [raise] all forward variables by 0 , decrease all reverse variables by  and leave all other variables unchanged .

It is a consequence of the definition that it is impossible to increase any objective function at an efficient solution without decreasing another .
it is a consequence of the definition that it is impossible to [raise] any objective function at an efficient solution without decreasing another .

 The increase in hardship for the poor is not happening .
 the [raise] in hardship for the poor is not happening .

 Back injuries were on the increase , particularly among nurses .
 back injuries were on the [raise] , particularly among nurses .

The increase in costs of prescribing including training will be 107 million over 10 years , but the overall benefit including time saved by nurses who will work more efficiently is estimated at  47.5 million , Mr West said .
the [raise] in costs of prescribing including training will be 107 million over 10 years , but the overall benefit including time saved by nurses who will work more efficiently is estimated at  47.5 million , mr west said .

Statistically significant benefits in the clodronate group included an increase in those feeling no pain from 24 to 54 % , compared with 29 to 44 % in the controls .
statistically significant benefits in the clodronate group included an [raise] in those feeling no pain from 24 to 54 % , compared with 29 to 44 % in the controls .

Why are the hospices and Macmillan nurses able to control pain with precision , while in general wards it is still sometimes a case of hit-and-miss ? How often is the decision left to junior doctors in the small hours of the morning who hesitate to increase dosage on the grounds that they do n't want to turn patients into addicts ?
why are the hospices and macmillan nurses able to control pain with precision , while in general wards it is still sometimes a case of hit-and-miss ? how often is the decision left to junior doctors in the small hours of the morning who hesitate to [raise] dosage on the grounds that they do n't want to turn patients into addicts ?

Systems which reward nurses individually can actually increase competition in what is essentially a cooperative work environment and that can be damaging to efficiency .
systems which reward nurses individually can actually [raise] competition in what is essentially a cooperative work environment and that can be damaging to efficiency .

An increase in community nurses and other staff
an [raise] in community nurses and other staff

Indeed , it may even increase it .
indeed , it may even [raise] it .

As a consequence of this increase , a dilemma arose .
as a consequence of this [raise] , a dilemma arose .

The aim of the programme was to help patients increase or restore their physical strength with the help of enhanced knowledge and coping skills .
the aim of the programme was to help patients [raise] or restore their physical strength with the help of enhanced knowledge and coping skills .

Projected figures estimate there will be 80 000100 000 more dependent elderly people in the over-75 age group by the year 2000 , which will increase the problem .
projected figures estimate there will be 80 000100 000 more dependent elderly people in the over-75 age group by the year 2000 , which will [raise] the problem .

The Ego imagines that it is somehow being empathic to increase the suffering in the world by adding our own .
the ego imagines that it is somehow being empathic to [raise] the suffering in the world by adding our own .

The Conservative challenger in Dewsbury , John Whitfield , played the immigration card strongly and , although narrowly defeated , saw his vote increase by 1.1 per cent .
the conservative challenger in dewsbury , john whitfield , played the immigration card strongly and , although narrowly defeated , saw his vote [raise] by 1.1 per cent .

Thus six ethnic minority MPs were elected  a 50 per cent increase over 1987  and Labour 's four sitting black MPs all increased the size of their vote .
thus six ethnic minority mps were elected  a 50 per cent [raise] over 1987  and labour 's four sitting black mps all increased the size of their vote .

Intending to increase sensitivity to the supposed threat , the right-wing tabloids have been regaling the public with anti-refugee stories during 1991 and 1992 .
intending to [raise] sensitivity to the supposed threat , the right-wing tabloids have been regaling the public with anti-refugee stories during 1991 and 1992 .

There are good reasons why ethnicity ( whatever it is ) should be politicised in modern multi-ethnic societies , which characteristically take the form of a diaspora of mainly urban ghettoes , combined with a sharp increase in the occasions for friction between ethnic groups .
there are good reasons why ethnicity ( whatever it is ) should be politicised in modern multi-ethnic societies , which characteristically take the form of a diaspora of mainly urban ghettoes , combined with a sharp [raise] in the occasions for friction between ethnic groups .

The reserves are shown to increase by 1m that year , but only because of the sale of some farms and houses .
the reserves are shown to [raise] by 1m that year , but only because of the sale of some farms and houses .

From 1989-90 to 1993-94 , reserves are forecast to increase by just 7m , of which 4m comes from capital revenue ( ie , disposal of assets ) .
from 1989-90 to 1993-94 , reserves are forecast to [raise] by just 7m , of which 4m comes from capital revenue ( ie , disposal of assets ) .

As manufactured goods have become relatively cheaper owing to increased labour productivity in manufacturing , there has been a relative increase in consumer spending on services .
as manufactured goods have become relatively cheaper owing to increased labour productivity in manufacturing , there has been a relative [raise] in consumer spending on services .

Will those organisations operating the new technology continue to operate in the standard bureaucratic form or are we likely to see a continued increase in the use of more flexible , less hierarchical forms of organisation .
will those organisations operating the new technology continue to operate in the standard bureaucratic form or are we likely to see a continued [raise] in the use of more flexible , less hierarchical forms of organisation .

The widget-making company may increase the amount it pays the remaining workers ; it may reduce the price of widgets ( or not increase it as fast as prices in general rise ) ; and it may be able to retain some of the saving as increased profits .
the widget-making company may [raise] the amount it pays the remaining workers ; it may reduce the price of widgets ( or not [raise] it as fast as prices in general rise ) ; and it may be able to retain some of the saving as increased profits .

In fact one study ( Armstrong 1984 ) reports that over the last century in Britain each 4 per cent increase in hourly wage rates for males has been followed by a 1 per cent reduction in hours worked per year .
in fact one study ( armstrong 1984 ) reports that over the last century in britain each 4 per cent [raise] in hourly wage rates for males has been followed by a 1 per cent reduction in hours worked per year .

He rejects the idea that industry ought to keep workers on simply to fulfil a responsibility for maintaining full employment and he also argues that it will be impossible to increase the tax base enough to create employment in labour-intensive services such as health and education .
he rejects the idea that industry ought to keep workers on simply to fulfil a responsibility for maintaining full employment and he also argues that it will be impossible to [raise] the tax base enough to create employment in labour-intensive services such as health and education .

If the latter , then there is potential for demand-led inflation , for which one Government remedy would be to increase both spending and taxation .
if the latter , then there is potential for demand-led inflation , for which one government remedy would be to [raise] both spending and taxation .

This is not an outcome that everyone would welcome , and it would bring a series of difficulties in its train as inequalities of income would lead to even greater inequalities in access to health care and education ; but it is a plausible outcome , and would increase the likelihood of the continuance of the Employment Society .
this is not an outcome that everyone would welcome , and it would bring a series of difficulties in its train as inequalities of income would lead to even greater inequalities in access to health care and education ; but it is a plausible outcome , and would [raise] the likelihood of the continuance of the employment society .

While advocating the Work Society , Handy is enough of a realist to suggest that the most likely outcome , if his assumption turns out to be correct , is some kind of muddled compromise between all four possibilities , with considerable unemployment , some measure of a divide between the haves in work and the  leisured  have-lesses without jobs , some attempt at the maintenance of full employment as a policy goal , and an increase in the amount of  work  done on a  voluntary  basis .
while advocating the work society , handy is enough of a realist to suggest that the most likely outcome , if his assumption turns out to be correct , is some kind of muddled compromise between all four possibilities , with considerable unemployment , some measure of a divide between the haves in work and the  leisured  have-lesses without jobs , some attempt at the maintenance of full employment as a policy goal , and an [raise] in the amount of  work  done on a  voluntary  basis .

Leaving aside the question of the importance of small firms for innovation and job creation , there is also the question as to whether the new technology contains a tendency to reduce or increase the size of firms or establishments .
leaving aside the question of the importance of small firms for innovation and job creation , there is also the question as to whether the new technology contains a tendency to reduce or [raise] the size of firms or establishments .

This trend may be accelerated by an increase in telecommuting ( working from home via a telecommunications link ) .
this trend may be accelerated by an [raise] in telecommuting ( working from home via a telecommunications link ) .

Naville also identified a series of problems with work with automated technology which he characterises as arising from a marked increase in mobility .
naville also identified a series of problems with work with automated technology which he characterises as arising from a marked [raise] in mobility .

This comes about , he suggests , for three reasons : there is frequent movement of personnel between different posts ; the supervision and direction of a complex set of machinery encourages the multi-functional use of individuals ; and there is an increase in the use of shift work .
this comes about , he suggests , for three reasons : there is frequent movement of personnel between different posts ; the supervision and direction of a complex set of machinery encourages the multi-functional use of individuals ; and there is an [raise] in the use of shift work .

They also reported a substantial increase in productivity .
they also reported a substantial [raise] in productivity .

There was an increase of 20 per cent in the number of cycles completed per unit time after reorganisation from the conventional to the composite longwall system ( a cycle being the three processes of preparation , getting , and advancing ) , though they do note that , at the same time , better conveyors were introduced and on one face there was a change from hewing the coal to cutting it ( Trist et al. 1963 , 256 ) .
there was an [raise] of 20 per cent in the number of cycles completed per unit time after reorganisation from the conventional to the composite longwall system ( a cycle being the three processes of preparation , getting , and advancing ) , though they do note that , at the same time , better conveyors were introduced and on one face there was a change from hewing the coal to cutting it ( trist et al. 1963 , 256 ) .

In other words , they preferred , when they had earned a certain basic sum of money sufficient to meet their immediate needs , to spend the rest of their time in leisure rather than in work to increase their earnings .
in other words , they preferred , when they had earned a certain basic sum of money sufficient to meet their immediate needs , to spend the rest of their time in leisure rather than in work to [raise] their earnings .

This would enable them to produce more , without a commensurate increase in effort , and thus earn a higher wage or salary .
this would enable them to produce more , without a commensurate [raise] in effort , and thus earn a higher wage or salary .

Braverman himself presents figures ( Braverman 1974 , 379 ) showing the massive increase in the relative number of white-collar workers in the workforce .
braverman himself presents figures ( braverman 1974 , 379 ) showing the massive [raise] in the relative number of white-collar workers in the workforce .

His second response to the apparent increase in the number of skilled and semi-skilled workers this century is to challenge the concept of skill implied in these data .
his second response to the apparent [raise] in the number of skilled and semi-skilled workers this century is to challenge the concept of skill implied in these data .

This was coupled with a move towards the manufacture of increasingly complex parts , requiring geometrically more demanding cuts and an increase in the number of cuts of different types to be performed on any one piece .
this was coupled with a move towards the manufacture of increasingly complex parts , requiring geometrically more demanding cuts and an [raise] in the number of cuts of different types to be performed on any one piece .

Therefore , as they observed , companies were increasingly emphasising the conservation or increase of shop-floor skills , and recognising the merits of an approach which relied strongly on craft-worker skills .
therefore , as they observed , companies were increasingly emphasising the conservation or [raise] of shop-floor skills , and recognising the merits of an approach which relied strongly on craft-worker skills .

If that were not enough , there has been a 72 per cent increase in the number of people thrown out of their homes because they could not afford their mortgage repayments .
if that were not enough , there has been a 72 per cent [raise] in the number of people thrown out of their homes because they could not afford their mortgage repayments .

It is also the same week that the Bank of England ( whose governor was last year awarded a 22,000 pay increase ) admitted that it had been over-optimistic when three months ago it predicted the recession was ending .
it is also the same week that the bank of england ( whose governor was last year awarded a 22,000 pay [raise] ) admitted that it had been over-optimistic when three months ago it predicted the recession was ending .

As well as the obvious curiosity of the drag-reducing high aspect-ratio butterfly tails with their unusual quadrant-shaped mass-balance weights , the Fouga has small plates on the trailing edges of its ailerons and ruddervators to increase control effectiveness .
as well as the obvious curiosity of the drag-reducing high aspect-ratio butterfly tails with their unusual quadrant-shaped mass-balance weights , the fouga has small plates on the trailing edges of its ailerons and ruddervators to [raise] control effectiveness .

Eye-witnesses observed the Cherokee descend on final approach to a height of thirty feet before the engine power was heard to increase as a go-around was initiated .
eye-witnesses observed the cherokee descend on final approach to a height of thirty feet before the engine power was heard to [raise] as a go-around was initiated .

When the islands were first settled , the population began to increase rapidly and the number of inhabitants soon exceeded the resources , prompting emigration to other Portuguese lands .
when the islands were first settled , the population began to [raise] rapidly and the number of inhabitants soon exceeded the resources , prompting emigration to other portuguese lands .

The continued increase in Population accentuated the hardships for the Peasants : a great variety of taxes to pay ; the price of imported wheat continually rising , when most peasants could manage to grow only enough food to last them three months ; and the vines and potatoes suffered blight and disease .
the continued [raise] in population accentuated the hardships for the peasants : a great variety of taxes to pay ; the price of imported wheat continually rising , when most peasants could manage to grow only enough food to last them three months ; and the vines and potatoes suffered blight and disease .

The increase in tourism has meant a dramatic change in the number of hotel beds .
the [raise] in tourism has meant a dramatic change in the number of hotel beds .

Labour 's rhetoric should be about engineering a genuine equality of opportunity rather than imposing a mythical equality of outcome  Clearly , there is not very much room to increase the burden of taxation .
labour 's rhetoric should be about engineering a genuine equality of opportunity rather than imposing a mythical equality of outcome  clearly , there is not very much room to [raise] the burden of taxation .

So , for example , instead of concentrating resources on child benefit , it may be more sensible to increase provision for child care , so women may enter the job market .
so , for example , instead of concentrating resources on child benefit , it may be more sensible to [raise] provision for child care , so women may enter the job market .

We should aim to increase people 's ability to participate in , and gain the rewards of , wealth creation , rather than limit ourselves to what is , at best , the palliative of redistributive taxation .
we should aim to [raise] people 's ability to participate in , and gain the rewards of , wealth creation , rather than limit ourselves to what is , at best , the palliative of redistributive taxation .

New trees will be planted to increase the beauty of our neighbourhoods .
new trees will be planted to [raise] the beauty of our neighbourhoods .

The Labour Party should be advocating in the strongest terms a substantial increase in Child Benefit , even if this means increasing income tax on people earning as  little  as 14,000 , together possibly with increases in excise duties .
the labour party should be advocating in the strongest terms a substantial [raise] in child benefit , even if this means increasing income tax on people earning as  little  as 14,000 , together possibly with increases in excise duties .

The Prime Minister believes his overwhelming need in the last week is to overcome scepticism about the government 's ability to deliver recovery , restore growth , and resume the increase in living standards that 20th-century electorates regard as a right .
the prime minister believes his overwhelming need in the last week is to overcome scepticism about the government 's ability to deliver recovery , restore growth , and resume the [raise] in living standards that 20th-century electorates regard as a right .

The rate of increase in unemployment in Britain last year was higher than in any other country in the western world , bar Finland .
the rate of [raise] in unemployment in britain last year was higher than in any other country in the western world , bar finland .

England and Wales not only have the highest crime rates in Europe  they also have the fastest rates of increase .
england and wales not only have the highest crime rates in europe  they also have the fastest rates of [raise] .

As our diagram shows , a theoretical change with height can amount to an increase of six times from ground level to 60 metres or 200ft , or more realistically by 50 % from the gust-free level of 10m to 60m .
as our diagram shows , a theoretical change with height can amount to an [raise] of six times from ground level to 60 metres or 200ft , or more realistically by 50 % from the gust-free level of 10m to 60m .

Although the same in chord ( width ) , the Stacker and Super-10 thus have a difference of 108cm(42.5in)in span or 62% in area ; but in terms of efficiency in lift the increase is nearer to 400% . No small wonder the Super-10 is emphasised as not suitable for children !
although the same in chord ( width ) , the stacker and super-10 thus have a difference of 108cm(42.5in)in span or 62% in area ; but in terms of efficiency in lift the [raise] is nearer to 400% . no small wonder the super-10 is emphasised as not suitable for children !

This will increase the angle of the bridle and load the sail .
this will [raise] the angle of the bridle and load the sail .

When the ring is moved  outwards  , we are able to increase the yaw , or sideways angle of the kite .
when the ring is moved  outwards  , we are able to [raise] the yaw , or sideways angle of the kite .

If the kite turns either way left or right , then increase the pull on the opposite side , right for turning to the right and left for a left turn .
if the kite turns either way left or right , then [raise] the pull on the opposite side , right for turning to the right and left for a left turn .

Some people prefer to yell at the start of their movement to frighten their opponent and increase their own confidence .
some people prefer to yell at the start of their movement to frighten their opponent and [raise] their own confidence .

Wherever you are grabbed , you can not be stopped using at least some of these weapons , and every time one hits home , the attacker 's pain will increase until he or she is forced to loosen the grip .
wherever you are grabbed , you can not be stopped using at least some of these weapons , and every time one hits home , the attacker 's pain will [raise] until he or she is forced to loosen the grip .

These may be simple moves , but they increase your chances of surviving the day intact  maybe with a few bruises , cuts and even broken bits , but still intact .
these may be simple moves , but they [raise] your chances of surviving the day intact  maybe with a few bruises , cuts and even broken bits , but still intact .

Do n't do it in a provocative way  just quickly and calmly step back a couple of paces when you have finished , to increase the distance between you .
do n't do it in a provocative way  just quickly and calmly step back a couple of paces when you have finished , to [raise] the distance between you .

But if the Earl was detached from them , in Berwick Castle , and Fraser took over the Warden 's duties here , then the proportion would probably increase .
but if the earl was detached from them , in berwick castle , and fraser took over the warden 's duties here , then the proportion would probably [raise] .

This is undoubtedly the main reason why the last twenty years have seen a steady increase in controls over the mass media , either by government takeover or by censorship and suppression .
this is undoubtedly the main reason why the last twenty years have seen a steady [raise] in controls over the mass media , either by government takeover or by censorship and suppression .

In two important maize-growing areas , fewer than half of those interviewed had heard of the increased price , and in an area where the Government was keen to encourage a substantial increase in local production , less than one in ten had heard of the new prices .
in two important maize-growing areas , fewer than half of those interviewed had heard of the increased price , and in an area where the government was keen to encourage a substantial [raise] in local production , less than one in ten had heard of the new prices .

Various attempts were made to increase the sales and advertising revenue of the two party papers , though the measures taken were at best mere palliatives .
various attempts were made to [raise] the sales and advertising revenue of the two party papers , though the measures taken were at best mere palliatives .

It was feared that an emphasis on individual tribal culture might increase or encourage separatism : was it possible to find common ground out of which would emerge a truly indigenous Tanzanian culture ?
it was feared that an emphasis on individual tribal culture might [raise] or encourage separatism : was it possible to find common ground out of which would emerge a truly indigenous tanzanian culture ?

In England during the period between the end of the eighteenth century and the beginning of the Second World War there was an increase in goods and services per person of four-to six-fold at a time when population was increasing six-fold .
in england during the period between the end of the eighteenth century and the beginning of the second world war there was an [raise] in goods and services per person of four-to six-fold at a time when population was increasing six-fold .

But more disturbing that either of these has been an increase in the rate of inflation which has affected all countries and which continues to remain high in many .
but more disturbing that either of these has been an [raise] in the rate of inflation which has affected all countries and which continues to remain high in many .

The Soviet Union has made great strides since the advent of socialism in 1917 and China has achieved a remarkable increase in prosperity in the years since the communists took over .
the soviet union has made great strides since the advent of socialism in 1917 and china has achieved a remarkable [raise] in prosperity in the years since the communists took over .

The major factor making for such an enormous increase in the money supply was the equally dramatic rise in government expenditure and the inability of the government to raise tax revenue by a corresponding amount .
the major factor making for such an enormous [raise] in the money supply was the equally dramatic rise in government expenditure and the inability of the government to raise tax revenue by a corresponding amount .

The reason for the deficit was the enormous increase in government expenditure and the inability of the government either to increase the rates of existing taxes or raise new taxes .
the reason for the deficit was the enormous [raise] in government expenditure and the inability of the government either to [raise] the rates of existing taxes or raise new taxes .

It operates through market forces  a restriction in supply leads to an increase in the relevant price or wage .
it operates through market forces  a restriction in supply leads to an [raise] in the relevant price or wage .

the Trader shall be entitled at any time prior to commencement of transit to give seven days ' written notice to the Carrier requiring that the aforementioned 800 per tonne limit be increased but not so as to exceed the value of the Consignment and in the event of such notice being given the Trader shall within the said seven days agree with the Carrier an increase in the carriage charges in consideration of the said increased limit .
the trader shall be entitled at any time prior to commencement of transit to give seven days ' written notice to the carrier requiring that the aforementioned 800 per tonne limit be increased but not so as to exceed the value of the consignment and in the event of such notice being given the trader shall within the said seven days agree with the carrier an [raise] in the carriage charges in consideration of the said increased limit .

The idea of using contract hire to increase the number of lorries in the Meet without a huge outflow of capital reserves deserves careful consideration .
the idea of using contract hire to [raise] the number of lorries in the meet without a huge outflow of capital reserves deserves careful consideration .

The County Council had also now to increase its monitoring of dumping operations in response to community concerns .
the county council had also now to [raise] its monitoring of dumping operations in response to community concerns .

 No , but once you become known sales will increase ,  said the publisher .
 no , but once you become known sales will [raise] ,  said the publisher .

So even if you ca n't see yourself cutting out the pleasures of meat entirely , steer toward poultry and fish rather than steak , lamb and pork , increase your intake of wholegrain cereal foods  such as wholemeal bread , brown rice and pasta  as well as potatoes and pulses , and cut way down on foods which are high in animal fat and/or sugar .
so even if you ca n't see yourself cutting out the pleasures of meat entirely , steer toward poultry and fish rather than steak , lamb and pork , [raise] your intake of wholegrain cereal foods  such as wholemeal bread , brown rice and pasta  as well as potatoes and pulses , and cut way down on foods which are high in animal fat and/or sugar .

If you continue to eat the same kind of foods , and only increase your intake to the normal 2,000 mark by eating a little bit more of the same , life and the measuring tape should hold no terrors for you .
if you continue to eat the same kind of foods , and only [raise] your intake to the normal 2,000 mark by eating a little bit more of the same , life and the measuring tape should hold no terrors for you .

Increase the heat and reduce the liquid until it will just coat the chicken .
[raise] the heat and reduce the liquid until it will just coat the chicken .

When all the milk has been added , increase the heat and bring the sauce to the boil , stirring , then reduce the heat .
when all the milk has been added , [raise] the heat and bring the sauce to the boil , stirring , then reduce the heat .

As you improve , increase the number of times you do each exercise .
as you improve , [raise] the number of times you do each exercise .

They are very gentle and , as the muscles regain their strength , you can increase the number of times they tummy strengthener exercises can be attempted .
they are very gentle and , as the muscles regain their strength , you can [raise] the number of times they tummy strengthener exercises can be attempted .

Gradually increase the number each time you do this set of exercises .
gradually [raise] the number each time you do this set of exercises .

Hypertrophy Increase in size when referring to skin cells .
hypertrophy [raise] in size when referring to skin cells .

With each 300-metre increase in height , the burning potential of sunlight increases about 4 % .
with each 300-metre [raise] in height , the burning potential of sunlight increases about 4 % .

After that pleasant scene , which ended with Niki getting a substantial increase in his pay , fate struck again : at the Nrburgring on 1 August .
after that pleasant scene , which ended with niki getting a substantial [raise] in his pay , fate struck again : at the nrburgring on 1 august .

Population within Cheshire is expected to increase by 8.5 per cent within the next ten years , and the local planning department anticipates a 10 per cent increase in Knutsford itself .
population within cheshire is expected to [raise] by 8.5 per cent within the next ten years , and the local planning department anticipates a 10 per cent [raise] in knutsford itself .

This is partly because the textiles and coverings have been treated with a sodium borate solution ( to increase their resistance to fire ) which has had an adverse effect on their appearance , and partly because most of the paintwork needs renewing .
this is partly because the textiles and coverings have been treated with a sodium borate solution ( to [raise] their resistance to fire ) which has had an adverse effect on their appearance , and partly because most of the paintwork needs renewing .

It is generally agreed that the conference market is growing by approximately 10 per cent per annum . The main factors leading to this increase in demand for conferences are :
it is generally agreed that the conference market is growing by approximately 10 per cent per annum . the main factors leading to this [raise] in demand for conferences are :

An increase in the number of multinational companies
an [raise] in the number of multinational companies

An increase in per capita income
an [raise] in per capita income

An increase in specialized training .
an [raise] in specialized training .

Membership of leisure clubs is on the increase due to a growing demand for professional instruction in keeping fit .
membership of leisure clubs is on the [raise] due to a growing demand for professional instruction in keeping fit .

It is clear that this increase of interest in health and fitness is becoming increasingly important in determining the choice of hotel .
it is clear that this [raise] of interest in health and fitness is becoming increasingly important in determining the choice of hotel .

It is clear that a leisure centre can turn a Monday-to-Thursday out-of-town operation into a seven-day-a-week one and thus substantially increase occupancy rates .
it is clear that a leisure centre can turn a monday-to-thursday out-of-town operation into a seven-day-a-week one and thus substantially [raise] occupancy rates .

It need hardly be pointed out that the provision of additional health/leisure facilities would also justify an increase in room rates .
it need hardly be pointed out that the provision of additional health/leisure facilities would also justify an [raise] in room rates .

Increase weekend occupancy
[raise] weekend occupancy

This is a matter of some concern for the Board , but it anticipates that the situation will improve as lager consumption continues to increase .
this is a matter of some concern for the board , but it anticipates that the situation will improve as lager consumption continues to [raise] .

An across-the-board increase of 100 per manager
an across-the-board [raise] of 100 per manager

Drink sales averaged 180,000 per unit , showing an increase of approximately 10 per cent over the period .
drink sales averaged 180,000 per unit , showing an [raise] of approximately 10 per cent over the period .

Nationally , there has been a marked increase in the sale and consumption of pies .
nationally , there has been a marked [raise] in the sale and consumption of pies .

Even if it were to acquire Palatine , its North Western tied house stock would only increase to some 330 .
even if it were to acquire palatine , its north western tied house stock would only [raise] to some 330 .

Anglo-Welsh reserve the right , however , to increase the Offer or extend the closing date in the event that a competitive situation arises .
anglo-welsh reserve the right , however , to [raise] the offer or extend the closing date in the event that a competitive situation arises .

We would recommend additional measures such as termination of employment interviews in order to establish the real reasons for the increase .
we would recommend additional measures such as termination of employment interviews in order to establish the real reasons for the [raise] .

However , items like lighting , heating and telephone will probably show an increase , and you should perhaps build in some kind of an allowance .
however , items like lighting , heating and telephone will probably show an [raise] , and you should perhaps build in some kind of an allowance .

The note indicates that the rate of increase is higher than that for restaurant prices in general over this period , and this could account for some of the reduction in business .
the note indicates that the rate of [raise] is higher than that for restaurant prices in general over this period , and this could account for some of the reduction in business .

The increase is slightly less in the case of beverages , which is what one would expect given that wine stocks could service two establishments more easily than food ones .
the [raise] is slightly less in the case of beverages , which is what one would expect given that wine stocks could service two establishments more easily than food ones .

There is also the question of the increase in labour turnover : this is bound to have increased costs to some extent .
there is also the question of the [raise] in labour turnover : this is bound to have increased costs to some extent .

What the figures do n't show is the effect of the overall increase in labour turnover on standards : it ca n't have been good , and this helps account for some of the loss of business .
what the figures do n't show is the effect of the overall [raise] in labour turnover on standards : it ca n't have been good , and this helps account for some of the loss of business .

The Osaka Police Department says plans are on the board to increase monitoring of computer bulletin boards used to distribute and sell illegal pornography .
the osaka police department says plans are on the board to [raise] monitoring of computer bulletin boards used to distribute and sell illegal pornography .

The safest way to test any unknown substance is to start with a low dose and gradually increase it .
the safest way to test any unknown substance is to start with a low dose and gradually [raise] it .

Your net profit will increase from 60,000 ( 5 per cent of 1.2 million ) to 69,240 ( 60,000 plus the interest saved of 9,240 ) .
your net profit will [raise] from 60,000 ( 5 per cent of 1.2 million ) to 69,240 ( 60,000 plus the interest saved of 9,240 ) .

Your net profit sales will increase from 5 to 5.77 per cent ( ie 69,240 on 1.2 million ) .
your net profit sales will [raise] from 5 to 5.77 per cent ( ie 69,240 on 1.2 million ) .

They want to increase sales by selling to anyone regardless of whether we are likely to get paid or not .
they want to [raise] sales by selling to anyone regardless of whether we are likely to get paid or not .

Trade credit properly controlled can increase both your sales and your profits .
trade credit properly controlled can [raise] both your sales and your profits .

 Some books ,  she finally murmured into her teacup , while she tried quietly to increase the distance between her and the tea pourer .
 some books ,  she finally murmured into her teacup , while she tried quietly to [raise] the distance between her and the tea pourer .

Even the advent of the university had not done much to increase his sales , she considered shrewdly , since she could not recall seeing a single bookshelf in any of the homes of university staff which she had visited .
even the advent of the university had not done much to [raise] his sales , she considered shrewdly , since she could not recall seeing a single bookshelf in any of the homes of university staff which she had visited .

DB/Expo  93 , set for May 37 in San Francisco , says it 's sold out of exhibitor space despite a 35 % increase in size over last year .
db/expo  93 , set for may 37 in san francisco , says it 's sold out of exhibitor space despite a 35 % [raise] in size over last year .

Similarly initial costs are high as vendors try to recover their non-recurring investments in the technology , but falls as volumes increase and manufacturing is streamlined or competition depresses prices .
similarly initial costs are high as vendors try to recover their non-recurring investments in the technology , but falls as volumes [raise] and manufacturing is streamlined or competition depresses prices .

Network Computing Devices reported a net loss of $ 192,000 on record net revenues of $ 28.8m , an increase of 120 % , its first quarter as a public company .
network computing devices reported a net loss of $ 192,000 on record net revenues of $ 28.8m , an [raise] of 120 % , its first quarter as a public company .

Microsoft 's attempts to increase usability have worked well , producing a package which is easy to get to grips with and fun to use .
microsoft 's attempts to [raise] usability have worked well , producing a package which is easy to get to grips with and fun to use .

This can be useful ; the only thing to bear in mind is that too many icons in here will increase the time taken for Windows to get going , so it 's best to keep Start Up for the real essentials .
this can be useful ; the only thing to bear in mind is that too many icons in here will [raise] the time taken for windows to get going , so it 's best to keep start up for the real essentials .

Spread out over a lot more acreage and split into two widely separated pavilions , attendance looked sparse and the aisles empty despite show management 's claims of a 10 % increase in traffic .
spread out over a lot more acreage and split into two widely separated pavilions , attendance looked sparse and the aisles empty despite show management 's claims of a 10 % [raise] in traffic .

The Butler Bloor missive identifies a number of key trends that will , in its opinion , result in a dramatic increase in networking activity across the board .
the butler bloor missive identifies a number of key trends that will , in its opinion , result in a dramatic [raise] in networking activity across the board .

Changes in household structure  the increase in single parents and in divorce , and a greater emphasis on equality of opportunity within the education and employment systems ; legal changes ; all have contributed to a rising level of consciousness .
changes in household structure  the [raise] in single parents and in divorce , and a greater emphasis on equality of opportunity within the education and employment systems ; legal changes ; all have contributed to a rising level of consciousness .

From the end of the eighteenth century the population , particularly in the rural areas , began to increase ; there was rising unemployment .
from the end of the eighteenth century the population , particularly in the rural areas , began to [raise] ; there was rising unemployment .

For example , in September 1919 , in its account of a meeting of the Board of Guardians , the Bedfordshire Times reported that a member had complained of what he referred to as  an appalling increase of rates  .
for example , in september 1919 , in its account of a meeting of the board of guardians , the bedfordshire times reported that a member had complained of what he referred to as  an appalling [raise] of rates  .

In two weeks of December the number of male vagrants had risen to 371 , which included 252 ex-soldiers , and the master was of the opinion that the increase was due to the fact that many of the unemployed in London were returning to their own towns through the casual wards .
in two weeks of december the number of male vagrants had risen to 371 , which included 252 ex-soldiers , and the master was of the opinion that the [raise] was due to the fact that many of the unemployed in london were returning to their own towns through the casual wards .

The committee pointed out that no great increase in costs would be incurred , because at that time , each vacancy had to be filled from nursing institutes ( agencies ) at a cost of 2 guineas a week .
the committee pointed out that no great [raise] in costs would be incurred , because at that time , each vacancy had to be filled from nursing institutes ( agencies ) at a cost of 2 guineas a week .

This was to result in an overall increase of fifty beds .
this was to result in an overall [raise] of fifty beds .

The following year , the medical officer noted a great increase in maternity cases at St. Peter 's Hospital and said that it was  absolutely necessary to have a staff midwife to relieve the maternity sister  .
the following year , the medical officer noted a great [raise] in maternity cases at st. peter 's hospital and said that it was  absolutely necessary to have a staff midwife to relieve the maternity sister  .

The master reported that the new maternity unit had been opened in addition to the existing temporary maternity ward because of a considerable increase in the number of such patients .
the master reported that the new maternity unit had been opened in addition to the existing temporary maternity ward because of a considerable [raise] in the number of such patients .

The Duke said that there were two possible courses  to increase the endowment and/or to increase the annual subscription .
the duke said that there were two possible courses  to [raise] the endowment and/or to [raise] the annual subscription .

He proposed to create an additional fund to increase the endowment and started it off himself with a donation of 1,000 .
he proposed to create an additional fund to [raise] the endowment and started it off himself with a donation of 1,000 .

This was to be laid out in 3 % consols in the names of the Trustees , and a general increase of their subscriptions was recommended to the subscribers .
this was to be laid out in 3 % consols in the names of the trustees , and a general [raise] of their subscriptions was recommended to the subscribers .

You really need to raise the leadership to at least 7 for your Goblins and that means either an Orc Big Boss or a Goblin Big Boss with a magic item to increase his leadership such as the Crown of Command ( Ld 10 ) .
you really need to raise the leadership to at least 7 for your goblins and that means either an orc big boss or a goblin big boss with a magic item to [raise] his leadership such as the crown of command ( ld 10 ) .

If you can afford a magic standard then you can use this to increase the leadership or add to your combat result which amounts to the same thing for the all important break test .
if you can afford a magic standard then you can use this to [raise] the leadership or add to your combat result which amounts to the same thing for the all important break test .

If you mount up your Warlord or Shamans on big monsters you will substantially increase their fighting potential but they become easy targets for the enemy .
if you mount up your warlord or shamans on big monsters you will substantially [raise] their fighting potential but they become easy targets for the enemy .

Increase the size of your Goblin units if you have to , even drop the number of units to a bare minimum to counteract the effect .
[raise] the size of your goblin units if you have to , even drop the number of units to a bare minimum to counteract the effect .

The yardsticks of progress are not easy to quantify , but over 70 per cent of LEAs reported a proportionate increase in expenditure from 1983 to 1986 on special educational needs ; and over three-quarters of LEAs have increased their use of mainstream placements for children with special needs , both in the primary and secondary sectors .
the yardsticks of progress are not easy to quantify , but over 70 per cent of leas reported a proportionate [raise] in expenditure from 1983 to 1986 on special educational needs ; and over three-quarters of leas have increased their use of mainstream placements for children with special needs , both in the primary and secondary sectors .

As schools increase in their heterogeneity , those that serve areas where there is a concentration of disadvantage will watch helpless as the more motivated , more able , more ambitious children move to the favoured schools , leaving them to cope with the rest , and worse , suffer the ignominy of having their results on national tests published , protected only by a general statement from the local authority , indicating  the nature of socio-economic and other influences which are known to affect schools  ( Task Group on Assessment and Testing , para 134 ) .
as schools [raise] in their heterogeneity , those that serve areas where there is a concentration of disadvantage will watch helpless as the more motivated , more able , more ambitious children move to the favoured schools , leaving them to cope with the rest , and worse , suffer the ignominy of having their results on national tests published , protected only by a general statement from the local authority , indicating  the nature of socio-economic and other influences which are known to affect schools  ( task group on assessment and testing , para 134 ) .

 our assertion is that adequate preschool provision can improve the quality of life of young children and their families ; this conviction is given further support by the evidence we have presented in this book that pre-school education will in most circumstances aid the child 's development , increase his educational potential and in the long run his overall performance .
 our assertion is that adequate preschool provision can improve the quality of life of young children and their families ; this conviction is given further support by the evidence we have presented in this book that pre-school education will in most circumstances aid the child 's development , [raise] his educational potential and in the long run his overall performance .

The obligation upon LEAs to meet a child 's special educational needs as set out in his/her statement of needs has led to an increase in specialist staff , visiting , or based in these centres and working with and supporting regular staff .
the obligation upon leas to meet a child 's special educational needs as set out in his/her statement of needs has led to an [raise] in specialist staff , visiting , or based in these centres and working with and supporting regular staff .

During the 1960s , class numbers dropped sharply and concern for children with learning difficulties began to increase .
during the 1960s , class numbers dropped sharply and concern for children with learning difficulties began to [raise] .

Inevitably , as time goes by , the necessity to record one 's ideas and thoughts in a more concrete form tends to increase , so creating greater demands for productive skills .
inevitably , as time goes by , the necessity to record one 's ideas and thoughts in a more concrete form tends to [raise] , so creating greater demands for productive skills .

These skills have the effect of laying children open to closer inspection and increase their vulnerability through peer appraisal and criticism .
these skills have the effect of laying children open to closer inspection and [raise] their vulnerability through peer appraisal and criticism .

Faced with the demise of their traditional courses , and with a government anxious both to increase the skills of the new unemployed young , and to be seen as doing something for the unemployed , colleges responded by mounting a programme of full-time non-vocational , or pre-vocational , courses .
faced with the demise of their traditional courses , and with a government anxious both to [raise] the skills of the new unemployed young , and to be seen as doing something for the unemployed , colleges responded by mounting a programme of full-time non-vocational , or pre-vocational , courses .

Indeed , with the rapidity of change in modern Britain , the need for continuing educational opportunities is on the increase for all adults .
indeed , with the rapidity of change in modern britain , the need for continuing educational opportunities is on the [raise] for all adults .

Their expenses  are paid and they make a magnificent contribution to the service , enabling group tutors to increase the flexibility of their classes and ensuring individual help whenever it is needed .
their expenses  are paid and they make a magnificent contribution to the service , enabling group tutors to [raise] the flexibility of their classes and ensuring individual help whenever it is needed .

In conclusion , joint problem-solving and the consultative sharing of expertise can maximise scarce existing resources and increase the capacity of teachers to meet the individual needs of all children ; stimulate teachers ' personal judgment and initiative as to the best educational  therapies  open to them , raise their sights as to how to help all children , whatever their difficulties , to learn and to cope , how to offer them those  good school experiences such as some form of success , accomplishment , sense of self-esteem or just pleasure in school activities  found to be so valuable even in later life ( cf Quinton and Rutter 1988 ) .
in conclusion , joint problem-solving and the consultative sharing of expertise can maximise scarce existing resources and [raise] the capacity of teachers to meet the individual needs of all children ; stimulate teachers ' personal judgment and initiative as to the best educational  therapies  open to them , raise their sights as to how to help all children , whatever their difficulties , to learn and to cope , how to offer them those  good school experiences such as some form of success , accomplishment , sense of self-esteem or just pleasure in school activities  found to be so valuable even in later life ( cf quinton and rutter 1988 ) .

Despite this reassuring message from history that disruptive behaviour is not an event peculiar to contemporary education and recent evidence that there has been no dramatic increase in such behaviour , it has to be acknowledged that anxiety about disruptive behaviour has increased .
despite this reassuring message from history that disruptive behaviour is not an event peculiar to contemporary education and recent evidence that there has been no dramatic [raise] in such behaviour , it has to be acknowledged that anxiety about disruptive behaviour has increased .

Galloway ( 1982 ) identifies three reasons put forward for this increase .
galloway ( 1982 ) identifies three reasons put forward for this [raise] .

Given this welcomed increase , how can welfare assistance be best employed ?
given this welcomed [raise] , how can welfare assistance be best employed ?

Feminist efforts to increase women 's participation among psychologists rarely take account of age .
feminist efforts to [raise] women 's participation among psychologists rarely take account of age .

Feminist criticism and research has helped to increase the number of women subjects in mainstream European and North American psychology , and the range of topics over which they are studied .
feminist criticism and research has helped to [raise] the number of women subjects in mainstream european and north american psychology , and the range of topics over which they are studied .

Feminist psychologists ' current shift towards more psychological work may increase these limitations .
feminist psychologists ' current shift towards more psychological work may [raise] these limitations .

Feminists are also realizing that a rejection of biology can , paradoxically , increase the influence of biological determinism .
feminists are also realizing that a rejection of biology can , paradoxically , [raise] the influence of biological determinism .

Orbach and Eichenbaum similarly reduce unconscious repression to a surmountable obstacle , or , at best , to a supplementary resource , in their therapeutic attempts to increase women 's happiness and effectiveness .
orbach and eichenbaum similarly reduce unconscious repression to a surmountable obstacle , or , at best , to a supplementary resource , in their therapeutic attempts to [raise] women 's happiness and effectiveness .

Enclosed gardens in which the air can not move freely are just what the fungus likes and increase the likelihood of attack .
enclosed gardens in which the air can not move freely are just what the fungus likes and [raise] the likelihood of attack .

The first visible signs of the disease are a slight increase in the red tinges and colour of shoots and young leaves , and of course that is very easily missed because it is the normal colouring of many varieties .
the first visible signs of the disease are a slight [raise] in the red tinges and colour of shoots and young leaves , and of course that is very easily missed because it is the normal colouring of many varieties .

This still leaves open the question of what counts as sound evidence , and this in turn leads to a central theme of this book :  How can we collect sound evidence about the social world that can be used to increase our understanding of that world ?
this still leaves open the question of what counts as sound evidence , and this in turn leads to a central theme of this book :  how can we collect sound evidence about the social world that can be used to [raise] our understanding of that world ?

But if we lower our  poverty line  , we will at the same time reduce the number of poor people , and if we raise it , we will increase the number .
but if we lower our  poverty line  , we will at the same time reduce the number of poor people , and if we raise it , we will [raise] the number .

This enabled him to test his original hypothesis , which was that an increase in work specialization and the division of labour is linked to the change from mechanical to organic solidarity .
this enabled him to test his original hypothesis , which was that an [raise] in work specialization and the division of labour is linked to the change from mechanical to organic solidarity .

In the end they found five such factors , of which they felt the most important were the increase in the number of high-status jobs in industrial societies , and the increasing importance attached to qualifications rather than family connections when people were being promoted to higher job levels .
in the end they found five such factors , of which they felt the most important were the [raise] in the number of high-status jobs in industrial societies , and the increasing importance attached to qualifications rather than family connections when people were being promoted to higher job levels .

The Elves needed to increase their strength in other areas to compensate for the raw power and savage strength of the great beasts .
the elves needed to [raise] their strength in other areas to compensate for the raw power and savage strength of the great beasts .

The city of Lothern grew from a small fishing village to a great city to accommodate the increase in trade from the colonies and other realms .
the city of lothern grew from a small fishing village to a great city to accommodate the [raise] in trade from the colonies and other realms .

But the drive to increase sales and to provide more entertaining material in a different form  both products of the commercialization of the newspaper  directly challenged the place of the political speech and the political leader in the newspaper of the late 19th century .
but the drive to [raise] sales and to provide more entertaining material in a different form  both products of the commercialization of the newspaper  directly challenged the place of the political speech and the political leader in the newspaper of the late 19th century .

The process of commercialization and industrialization in the newspaper industry which began in the 19th century thus continued to have an important effect on newspapers in this century as newspaper costs escalated , as new methods were developed to tap new audiences , to reach new readers , and to increase sales .
the process of commercialization and industrialization in the newspaper industry which began in the 19th century thus continued to have an important effect on newspapers in this century as newspaper costs escalated , as new methods were developed to tap new audiences , to reach new readers , and to [raise] sales .

These proposals would not necessarily increase the political diversity of the press .
these proposals would not necessarily [raise] the political diversity of the press .

They greatly benefited from certain  economic conditions  during the period  namely , the existence of a large and concentrated urban population , the rise in real incomes and an increase in leisure time  which made the  mass entertainment industry  possible .
they greatly benefited from certain  economic conditions  during the period  namely , the existence of a large and concentrated urban population , the rise in real incomes and an [raise] in leisure time  which made the  mass entertainment industry  possible .

( For The Times , the increase was a mere 19 % . )
( for the times , the [raise] was a mere 19 % . )

But the space given over to public affairs features also showed an increase ( see Table 4.5 ) .
but the space given over to public affairs features also showed an [raise] ( see table 4.5 ) .

That is , there is an actual increase of some 7 sq .
that is , there is an actual [raise] of some 7 sq .

in devoted to news and public affairs features between 1927 and 1937 and a percentage increase of 6 % !
in devoted to news and public affairs features between 1927 and 1937 and a percentage [raise] of 6 % !

More significantly , it is not always possible to transfer these increased costs onto the consumers , the newspaper-buying public : newspapers are competitive products and one newspaper 's increase in costs can often lead to another newspaper putting on circulation as readers switch titles .
more significantly , it is not always possible to transfer these increased costs onto the consumers , the newspaper-buying public : newspapers are competitive products and one newspaper 's [raise] in costs can often lead to another newspaper putting on circulation as readers switch titles .

Murdoch had long planned to move part of his operation to Wapping so as to increase his printing capacity .
murdoch had long planned to move part of his operation to wapping so as to [raise] his printing capacity .

However , on the principle of  look before you leap  , company car owners should first check whether they might be entitled to purchase their present car on favourable terms : over the past few years , the number of employers allowing this has been on the increase .
however , on the principle of  look before you leap  , company car owners should first check whether they might be entitled to purchase their present car on favourable terms : over the past few years , the number of employers allowing this has been on the [raise] .

Other ways to increase your pension
other ways to [raise] your pension

Her pension can continue to increase until such time as her husband gets his pension or reaches the age of 70 , whichever is sooner .
her pension can continue to [raise] until such time as her husband gets his pension or reaches the age of 70 , whichever is sooner .

Whereas previously most pensions got frozen , new legislation obliges companies to increase all your accrued pension rights by 5 per cent a year or the rate of inflation , whichever is lower .
whereas previously most pensions got frozen , new legislation obliges companies to [raise] all your accrued pension rights by 5 per cent a year or the rate of inflation , whichever is lower .

For example , if the job change has meant a salary increase , the new scheme will probably be more expensive to buy into as the likelihood is that it will be earnings-related .
for example , if the job change has meant a salary [raise] , the new scheme will probably be more expensive to buy into as the likelihood is that it will be earnings-related .

Is there any contractual increase to reduce the effect of inflation ? If not , ask what the history of discretionary increases has been ( both for members ' own pension and for spouses ) .
is there any contractual [raise] to reduce the effect of inflation ? if not , ask what the history of discretionary increases has been ( both for members ' own pension and for spouses ) .

Increases are given when the husband or wife Teaches 65 , with a bigger increase still at 75 .
increases are given when the husband or wife teaches 65 , with a bigger [raise] still at 75 .

Since then , the number has continued to increase , with the Big Four consolidating their lead in top-level recruiting .
since then , the number has continued to [raise] , with the big four consolidating their lead in top-level recruiting .

Russell Reynolds ' predominance in headhunting in Britain , and its spectacular increase in business with the Big Bang , has contributed to its continuing growth of fee income .
russell reynolds ' predominance in headhunting in britain , and its spectacular [raise] in business with the big bang , has contributed to its continuing growth of fee income .

Korn/Ferry , whose world fee income achieved a fivefold increase between 1977 and 1986 , and is confidently expected to pass the $ 100m .
korn/ferry , whose world fee income achieved a fivefold [raise] between 1977 and 1986 , and is confidently expected to pass the $ 100m .

The 1970s saw considerable growth , the decade ending with Stork employing nine consultants , an increase of four from the previous year , completing at least 60 assignments annually , charging fees on a retainer basis , with a  now slightly ridiculous  minimum fee of 5000 .
the 1970s saw considerable growth , the decade ending with stork employing nine consultants , an [raise] of four from the previous year , completing at least 60 assignments annually , charging fees on a retainer basis , with a  now slightly ridiculous  minimum fee of 5000 .

Yet the dramatic increase in the volume of headhunting business in the 1980s has enabled many individual consultants to make this leap .
yet the dramatic [raise] in the volume of headhunting business in the 1980s has enabled many individual consultants to make this leap .

This reflects an eightfold increase on their first year 's business , when turnover was 416 000 and the trading profit was 111 000 .
this reflects an eightfold [raise] on their first year 's business , when turnover was 416 000 and the trading profit was 111 000 .

This growth rate has continued , with 224 assignments in 1986 , a 51 % increase in volume on the previous year .
this growth rate has continued , with 224 assignments in 1986 , a 51 % [raise] in volume on the previous year .

Are the salary levels of those recruited by headhunters likely to go up or come down ? To what extent are headhunting firms moving into lower-level recruiting in order to maintain their own momentum of growth , and how is this being incorporated with their higher-level work ? Alternatively , are they likely to concentrate even more on the top end of the market , because their fees will rise pro rata with salaries and thus increase their fee income ? These and connected questions will be addressed in Chapter 7 .
are the salary levels of those recruited by headhunters likely to go up or come down ? to what extent are headhunting firms moving into lower-level recruiting in order to maintain their own momentum of growth , and how is this being incorporated with their higher-level work ? alternatively , are they likely to concentrate even more on the top end of the market , because their fees will rise pro rata with salaries and thus [raise] their fee income ? these and connected questions will be addressed in chapter 7 .

Search consultants themselves claimed that their business did markedly increase  in the number of new clients as well as in terms of the number of individual assignments  as a result of the Big Bang , and that the level of their work has continued to grow steadily , in spite of subsequent national economic changes .
search consultants themselves claimed that their business did markedly [raise]  in the number of new clients as well as in terms of the number of individual assignments  as a result of the big bang , and that the level of their work has continued to grow steadily , in spite of subsequent national economic changes .

Media reports indicated an enormous increase in headhunting activity on the eve of the Big Bang .
media reports indicated an enormous [raise] in headhunting activity on the eve of the big bang .

Now it would seem that they are not only to be denied an increase , but also to be faced with a reduction .
now it would seem that they are not only to be denied an [raise] , but also to be faced with a reduction .

Criminal legal aid in the magistrates ' courts cost 14 million in 1976 , rising to 16 million the following year , an increase of 17 per cent .
criminal legal aid in the magistrates ' courts cost 14 million in 1976 , rising to 16 million the following year , an [raise] of 17 per cent .

But it 's difficult , who should you look after  your solicitors who are trying to increase or break into criminal work or should you look after the client 's interests by giving him only solicitors who are already tried and tested .
but it 's difficult , who should you look after  your solicitors who are trying to [raise] or break into criminal work or should you look after the client 's interests by giving him only solicitors who are already tried and tested .

Network Computing Devices Inc reported net revenues of $ 35m for the first quarter ended March 31 , an increase of 49 % .
network computing devices inc reported net revenues of $ 35m for the first quarter ended march 31 , an [raise] of 49 % .

Cells in sensory pathways usually increase or decrease the rate at which they produce action potentials as a function of the type of stimuli presented .
cells in sensory pathways usually [raise] or decrease the rate at which they produce action potentials as a function of the type of stimuli presented .

Many physiologists believe that an exhaustive study of the types of stimuli that increase or decrease the discharge rates of different types of sensory system cell will provide us with a description of how that system works .
many physiologists believe that an exhaustive study of the types of stimuli that [raise] or decrease the discharge rates of different types of sensory system cell will provide us with a description of how that system works .

Were one to create a mouse the size of a moose , that mouse would probably have a folded neocortex if its cortex had increased in proportion to the increase in its body size .
were one to create a mouse the size of a moose , that mouse would probably have a folded neocortex if its cortex had increased in proportion to the [raise] in its body size .

They rely on the fact that brain weight will increase in proportion to body area , which is , in turn , related to body weight .
they rely on the fact that brain weight will [raise] in proportion to body area , which is , in turn , related to body weight .

Any set of conditions that leads to an increase in the activity of an area does so because it is tapping its functions .
any set of conditions that leads to an [raise] in the activity of an area does so because it is tapping its functions .

In a system that encodes information in terms of patterns of activity information processing could be going on without a net increase in metabolism .
in a system that encodes information in terms of patterns of activity information processing could be going on without a net [raise] in metabolism .

In practice this is unlikely , however , because changing the state of a cell is likely to involve energy consumption irrespective of whether the change involves an increase or decrease in activity .
in practice this is unlikely , however , because changing the state of a cell is likely to involve energy consumption irrespective of whether the change involves an [raise] or decrease in activity .

England 's countryside is under threat from a massive increase in traffic .
england 's countryside is under threat from a massive [raise] in traffic .

The current volume of vehicles could triple , or even quadruple , over the next 30 years and the bulk of the increase will fall on rural roads rather than urban streets or motorways .
the current volume of vehicles could triple , or even quadruple , over the next 30 years and the bulk of the [raise] will fall on rural roads rather than urban streets or motorways .

The unit argues that traffic on motorways and urban roads is unlikely to increase over 50 % , so the main impact will fall on rural byways which are not equipped to cope with such a volume of vehicles .
the unit argues that traffic on motorways and urban roads is unlikely to [raise] over 50 % , so the main impact will fall on rural byways which are not equipped to cope with such a volume of vehicles .

These benefits would include greater publicity and the resulting increase in funding .
these benefits would include greater publicity and the resulting [raise] in funding .

The floor was often dug out by as much as three feet to increase headroom .
the floor was often dug out by as much as three feet to [raise] headroom .

Two drawcorded vents can be used to increase air flow in the shelter or to pass things in or out .
two drawcorded vents can be used to [raise] air flow in the shelter or to pass things in or out .

Such an increase meant , of course , a much older population ( and this tendency may have been exaggerated by the emigration of young people ) , and that more people were going to die of the diseases of old age .
such an [raise] meant , of course , a much older population ( and this tendency may have been exaggerated by the emigration of young people ) , and that more people were going to die of the diseases of old age .

Germany was next , going up by 43 per cent and her ally Austria-Hungary came in third place with an increase of 35 per cent .
germany was next , going up by 43 per cent and her ally austria-hungary came in third place with an [raise] of 35 per cent .

Millions of Europeans still worked on the land , and the absolute numbers of those dependent on agriculture for a livelihood did not begin to fall until very recently , yet the tendency for population to increase and to accumulate in a few densely populated and highly urbanized regions had already begun to alter the patterns of earlier centuries .
millions of europeans still worked on the land , and the absolute numbers of those dependent on agriculture for a livelihood did not begin to fall until very recently , yet the tendency for population to [raise] and to accumulate in a few densely populated and highly urbanized regions had already begun to alter the patterns of earlier centuries .

But all the more advanced European countries tended to increase their dependence on imported food between 1880 and 1914 .
but all the more advanced european countries tended to [raise] their dependence on imported food between 1880 and 1914 .

Still other patterns of agricultural life could be found in western Germany , France and Switzerland , where a high degree of subdivision of the land among peasant proprietors was already in 1880 the rule , and was to increase .
still other patterns of agricultural life could be found in western germany , france and switzerland , where a high degree of subdivision of the land among peasant proprietors was already in 1880 the rule , and was to [raise] .

The resulting increase in heavy chemical output mainly took place in Germany although some smaller producers , such as Austria-Hungary and Russia , made their appearance .
the resulting [raise] in heavy chemical output mainly took place in germany although some smaller producers , such as austria-hungary and russia , made their appearance .

One way of summarizing the results of European economic progress before 1914 is to group nations roughly according to their increase in wealth .
one way of summarizing the results of european economic progress before 1914 is to group nations roughly according to their [raise] in wealth .

The results of production should increase more quickly than expenditure upon it .
the results of production should [raise] more quickly than expenditure upon it .

In the Soviet manufacturing sector it costs 0.7 million roubles in capital investment to increase production capacity by one million roubles , but it costs four million roubles to achieve the same result in the extractive sector .
in the soviet manufacturing sector it costs 0.7 million roubles in capital investment to [raise] production capacity by one million roubles , but it costs four million roubles to achieve the same result in the extractive sector .

The commitment to maintain or increase expenditure on arms , agriculture and energy has drained investment from the manufacturing base on which all of these priorities depend .
the commitment to maintain or [raise] expenditure on arms , agriculture and energy has drained investment from the manufacturing base on which all of these priorities depend .

The six Urengoi pipelines , constructed to large extent with West European pipe and compressors , will increase natural gas production by seven to nine per cent per annum , whilst the single export pipeline will add $ 8 billion per annum to hard currency earnings .
the six urengoi pipelines , constructed to large extent with west european pipe and compressors , will [raise] natural gas production by seven to nine per cent per annum , whilst the single export pipeline will add $ 8 billion per annum to hard currency earnings .

The more obvious of the two was the four-fold increase in the world market price of crude oil in 197475 and the additional three-fold increase between 19791981 .
the more obvious of the two was the four-fold [raise] in the world market price of crude oil in 197475 and the additional three-fold [raise] between 19791981 .

Eastern Europe must try to maintain satisfactory levels of exports to the West in order to service its debt obligations there and satisfy domestic needs at a time when it is being pressed to greatly increase exports of manufactures to the Soviet Union to pay for increasingly costly imports .
eastern europe must try to maintain satisfactory levels of exports to the west in order to service its debt obligations there and satisfy domestic needs at a time when it is being pressed to greatly [raise] exports of manufactures to the soviet union to pay for increasingly costly imports .

The complexity of the account will increase vastly when replaced by ultimate  physical  talk , if this indeed be possible .
the complexity of the account will [raise] vastly when replaced by ultimate  physical  talk , if this indeed be possible .

There are some noteworthy differences in brain physiology , apart from the massive increase in brain size , as one passes up through the other primates to man .
there are some noteworthy differences in brain physiology , apart from the massive [raise] in brain size , as one passes up through the other primates to man .

Thus among the most frequently cited examples of conjonctures are the increase in the population of western Europe during the sixteenth century , the rise and fall of European prices from 1791 to 1817 and 1817 to 1832 , and the pattern of wages during the same period .
thus among the most frequently cited examples of conjonctures are the [raise] in the population of western europe during the sixteenth century , the rise and fall of european prices from 1791 to 1817 and 1817 to 1832 , and the pattern of wages during the same period .

In the case of processes , the division between those that make up the longue dure and those that belong to the sphere of conjonctures is bound to be rough ; there is no absolute division between a gradual increase in population lasting for a century and a cycle of growth and decline lasting a mere seventy-five years , a fact reflected in the organisation of La Mditerrane .
in the case of processes , the division between those that make up the longue dure and those that belong to the sphere of conjonctures is bound to be rough ; there is no absolute division between a gradual [raise] in population lasting for a century and a cycle of growth and decline lasting a mere seventy-five years , a fact reflected in the organisation of la mditerrane .

In these fields , too , we are sometimes able to identify social phenomena such as an increase in population size , which we can use to explain other phenomena , while at the same time being unable to identify any corresponding regularities in the behaviour or attitudes of individual agents .
in these fields , too , we are sometimes able to identify social phenomena such as an [raise] in population size , which we can use to explain other phenomena , while at the same time being unable to identify any corresponding regularities in the behaviour or attitudes of individual agents .

As we saw earlier , the fact that the producing units of an industry increase in size over a number of years may be explained by the functional relation between their size and the cost of production .
as we saw earlier , the fact that the producing units of an industry [raise] in size over a number of years may be explained by the functional relation between their size and the cost of production .

By far the most effective way of changing the cubic capacity of the ocean basins is to vary the volume of the mid-ocean ridges ; increase in volume will cause a displacement of sea water on to the continents and vice versa .
by far the most effective way of changing the cubic capacity of the ocean basins is to vary the volume of the mid-ocean ridges ; [raise] in volume will cause a displacement of sea water on to the continents and vice versa .

More generally , the substantial diversity increase of faunas through the Mesozoic and Cainozoic , accelerating from mid-Cretaceous times onwards , which has recently been confirmed statistically ( Sepkoski , Bambach , Raup & Valentine , 198 1 ) , is evidently related in substantial part to the progressive break-up of the late Palaeozoic-early Mesozoic supercontinent known as Pangaea , with the consequent increase in endemism of both terrestrial and neritic groups ( Valentine , 1973 ) .
more generally , the substantial diversity [raise] of faunas through the mesozoic and cainozoic , accelerating from mid-cretaceous times onwards , which has recently been confirmed statistically ( sepkoski , bambach , raup & valentine , 198 1 ) , is evidently related in substantial part to the progressive break-up of the late palaeozoic-early mesozoic supercontinent known as pangaea , with the consequent [raise] in endemism of both terrestrial and neritic groups ( valentine , 1973 ) .

The radiation of marine faunas following the massive end-Palaeozoic extinctions was a long-continuing , progressive phenomenon , but was marked by a pulse of acceleration and replacement in the mid-Cretaceous , with diversity increase continuing into the Cainozoic ( Fig .
the radiation of marine faunas following the massive end-palaeozoic extinctions was a long-continuing , progressive phenomenon , but was marked by a pulse of acceleration and replacement in the mid-cretaceous , with diversity [raise] continuing into the cainozoic ( fig .

It can hardly be coincidental that these remarkable evolutionary events , taking place within only a few million years , correspond so closely in time with an episode of exceptional igneous and urogenic activity ( Larsen & Pitman , 1972 ) , the rapid disintegration of Pangaea ( Hallam , 1980 ) and the biggest marine transgression since the mid-Palaeozoic , apparently produced either by a phase of accelerated sea-floor spreading or by a dramatic increase in the length of the ocean ridge system .
it can hardly be coincidental that these remarkable evolutionary events , taking place within only a few million years , correspond so closely in time with an episode of exceptional igneous and urogenic activity ( larsen & pitman , 1972 ) , the rapid disintegration of pangaea ( hallam , 1980 ) and the biggest marine transgression since the mid-palaeozoic , apparently produced either by a phase of accelerated sea-floor spreading or by a dramatic [raise] in the length of the ocean ridge system .

The latter might well have suffered from an increase in continentality of climate following regression , but it has not unreasonably been assumed by most palaeontologists that a planktonic group such as the globigerinid foraminifera should have been indifferent to what was happening to epicontinental seas .
the latter might well have suffered from an [raise] in continentality of climate following regression , but it has not unreasonably been assumed by most palaeontologists that a planktonic group such as the globigerinid foraminifera should have been indifferent to what was happening to epicontinental seas .

The close correspondence of diversity increase with rise of sea level in the Cambrian suggests the possibility of a causal correlation ( Brasier , 1979 ) .
the close correspondence of diversity [raise] with rise of sea level in the cambrian suggests the possibility of a causal correlation ( brasier , 1979 ) .

The pronounced increase in latitudinal temperature zonation through the course of the Cainozoic , as the world altered progressively from its Mesozoic condition of equability , must have had the effect of creating a great number of ecological niches .
the pronounced [raise] in latitudinal temperature zonation through the course of the cainozoic , as the world altered progressively from its mesozoic condition of equability , must have had the effect of creating a great number of ecological niches .

This is seen as a major factor contributing towards the marked increase in faunal diversity ( Valentine , 1973 ) .
this is seen as a major factor contributing towards the marked [raise] in faunal diversity ( valentine , 1973 ) .

Increase in annual temperature range on the continents as a consequence of regression of epicontinental seas might well have played a significant role in the mass extinctions of large reptiles at the end of the Palaeozoic and Mesozoic .
[raise] in annual temperature range on the continents as a consequence of regression of epicontinental seas might well have played a significant role in the mass extinctions of large reptiles at the end of the palaeozoic and mesozoic .

The most powerful case against randomness is that afforded by mass extinction and radiation events , whereby a wide variety of taxonomic groups with different modes of life , and effective biological independence , have experienced synchronised diversity reduction or increase .
the most powerful case against randomness is that afforded by mass extinction and radiation events , whereby a wide variety of taxonomic groups with different modes of life , and effective biological independence , have experienced synchronised diversity reduction or [raise] .

If it does turn out to be of general significance at a variety of scales it will imply that the increased environmental stress associated in some way with regressions promotes an increase in extinction rate and corresponding vacation of ecological niches , with a consequent opportunity for new species to establish themselves .
if it does turn out to be of general significance at a variety of scales it will imply that the increased environmental stress associated in some way with regressions promotes an [raise] in extinction rate and corresponding vacation of ecological niches , with a consequent opportunity for new species to establish themselves .

The late Mesozoic radiation of predatory crabs , neogastropods and teleosts correlates with an increase in resistance to destruction of the shells of their molluscan prey ( Vermeij , 1977 ; Ward , 1981 ) .
the late mesozoic radiation of predatory crabs , neogastropods and teleosts correlates with an [raise] in resistance to destruction of the shells of their molluscan prey ( vermeij , 1977 ; ward , 1981 ) .

However , his insistence that the process of sexual selection described by Darwin could only increase the average reproductive success or survival of males is clearly wrong ( Lande , 1980 ) .
however , his insistence that the process of sexual selection described by darwin could only [raise] the average reproductive success or survival of males is clearly wrong ( lande , 1980 ) .

For example , where the body size and reproductive success of males both increase with age , the effects of size on breeding success may be grossly exaggerated if age differences in size are ignored .
for example , where the body size and reproductive success of males both [raise] with age , the effects of size on breeding success may be grossly exaggerated if age differences in size are ignored .

Does resource defence by females again increase the benefits of large body size to female clownfish while reducing the benefits of size to males as a consequence of female dispersion ?
does resource defence by females again [raise] the benefits of large body size to female clownfish while reducing the benefits of size to males as a consequence of female dispersion ?

But they had n't conceived him as a duty , merely to increase the number of Imperials on the planet .
but they had n't conceived him as a duty , merely to [raise] the number of imperials on the planet .

Frog-catching gangs ensure that this is a thriving trade in these countries although it is conducted in hideously unhygienic conditions and there are adverse ecological implications due to the increase in malarial and other waterborne pests .
frog-catching gangs ensure that this is a thriving trade in these countries although it is conducted in hideously unhygienic conditions and there are adverse ecological implications due to the [raise] in malarial and other waterborne pests .

As you approach Bude the crowds increase , but once you 're one or two miles away from the main centre the numbers quickly drop off .
as you approach bude the crowds [raise] , but once you 're one or two miles away from the main centre the numbers quickly drop off .

education programmes to increase visitor awareness of how to tread lightly in a sensitive area .
education programmes to [raise] visitor awareness of how to tread lightly in a sensitive area .

Of course , we are all too aware of the physiological symptoms which result from anger and which take much more than a second to show their effect and presence : the forehead bunched in a frown , the staring eyes , the constricted pupils , the clenched mouth and fists , the jaw thrust forward , the reddened neck or face and enlarged arteries due to the increase in the blood supply to the skin .
of course , we are all too aware of the physiological symptoms which result from anger and which take much more than a second to show their effect and presence : the forehead bunched in a frown , the staring eyes , the constricted pupils , the clenched mouth and fists , the jaw thrust forward , the reddened neck or face and enlarged arteries due to the [raise] in the blood supply to the skin .

The months of July and August saw an increase in activity on the new routes front .
the months of july and august saw an [raise] in activity on the new routes front .

However , the degree of difficulty in agreeing upon headings does not necessarily increase with greater detail .
however , the degree of difficulty in agreeing upon headings does not necessarily [raise] with greater detail .

Time and financial constraints , as well as a recent rapid increase in student numbers ( 90 in 1991 , 125 in 1992 ) , mean that we can not make this as wide-ranging as we would like .
time and financial constraints , as well as a recent rapid [raise] in student numbers ( 90 in 1991 , 125 in 1992 ) , mean that we can not make this as wide-ranging as we would like .

One of behaviours they want to decrease and the other of alternative behaviours that need to increase .
one of behaviours they want to decrease and the other of alternative behaviours that need to [raise] .

Behaviour to increase
behaviour to [raise]

When children have not been warned that their parent is going to ignore them rather than shout at them the rate of their difficult behaviour may temporarily increase ( Sajwaj and Dillon 1976 ) .
when children have not been warned that their parent is going to ignore them rather than shout at them the rate of their difficult behaviour may temporarily [raise] ( sajwaj and dillon 1976 ) .

If a weaning process is required , the parent can progressively increase the requirements for earning a sticker , for example two nights , then three , and then a week of dry beds before a sticker is allocated .
if a weaning process is required , the parent can progressively [raise] the requirements for earning a sticker , for example two nights , then three , and then a week of dry beds before a sticker is allocated .

Parents who give in to a toddler 's temper will increase the likelihood of tantrums recurring and find themselves becoming more angry .
parents who give in to a toddler 's temper will [raise] the likelihood of tantrums recurring and find themselves becoming more angry .

She found that 93 per cent of the first-born children showed an increase in naughtiness after the arrival of a new baby .
she found that 93 per cent of the first-born children showed an [raise] in naughtiness after the arrival of a new baby .

to help mother persevere with feeding Darren , increase his calorie intake , and take responsibility for his weight gain
to help mother persevere with feeding darren , [raise] his calorie intake , and take responsibility for his weight gain

Different textures and colours to handle and lick off fingers will increase the child 's interest .
different textures and colours to handle and lick off fingers will [raise] the child 's interest .

Her mother had by now recognized her favourite foods and deliberately offered her one new food every day in order to increase the range of foods she would try .
her mother had by now recognized her favourite foods and deliberately offered her one new food every day in order to [raise] the range of foods she would try .

Over the course of two months , Ben had started to eat at meal-times and his mother had been able to introduce more variety into his diet and increase the quantity offered .
over the course of two months , ben had started to eat at meal-times and his mother had been able to introduce more variety into his diet and [raise] the quantity offered .

During the first year of life weight gain is due to increase in size of fat cells , but from 12 to 18 months increase in weight is due primarily to an increase in fat cell number ( Knittle et al .
during the first year of life weight gain is due to [raise] in size of fat cells , but from 12 to 18 months [raise] in weight is due primarily to an [raise] in fat cell number ( knittle et al .

Conditions that increase sensory input like severe cystitis and urinary tract infections will encourage frequent micturition , emotionally stressful events can reduce inhibition , and bladder sensation can be reduced by deep sleep or events that preoccupy the child like play or worry ( Schmitt 1982b ; Yeates 1973 ) .
conditions that [raise] sensory input like severe cystitis and urinary tract infections will encourage frequent micturition , emotionally stressful events can reduce inhibition , and bladder sensation can be reduced by deep sleep or events that preoccupy the child like play or worry ( schmitt 1982b ; yeates 1973 ) .

This approach attempts to reduce the frequency of passing urine and increase bladder capacity .
this approach attempts to reduce the frequency of passing urine and [raise] bladder capacity .

Physical and mental stress between the ages of 2 and 3 years cause a significant increase in persistence of bedwetting after the age of 4 years ( Stein and Susser 1967 ) .
physical and mental stress between the ages of 2 and 3 years cause a significant [raise] in persistence of bedwetting after the age of 4 years ( stein and susser 1967 ) .

The child is given drinks throughout the night to increase the probability of urinating and providing a lot of opportunities to practise .
the child is given drinks throughout the night to [raise] the probability of urinating and providing a lot of opportunities to practise .

Fitting floor to ceiling mirror panels in the recesses either side of a fireplace will also increase the feeling of light and space , as will replacing cupboard doors with mirrored doors .
fitting floor to ceiling mirror panels in the recesses either side of a fireplace will also [raise] the feeling of light and space , as will replacing cupboard doors with mirrored doors .

Supplied with the Pioneer Workbench are three rows of bores for the four clamping jaws , which increase the clamping capacity to am impressive 550mm .
supplied with the pioneer workbench are three rows of bores for the four clamping jaws , which [raise] the clamping capacity to am impressive 550mm .

To increase , to decrease ,
to [raise] , to decrease ,

Mrs Mitchell wants to know if she can increase or decrease the width of the pattern , in order to get complete repeats of the pattern on a sweater that is a different size to the one she used her 23-stitch repeat for .
mrs mitchell wants to know if she can [raise] or decrease the width of the pattern , in order to get complete repeats of the pattern on a sweater that is a different size to the one she used her 23-stitch repeat for .

( Increase the stitches after the mock rib has been worked to give the same number as the pattern . )
( [raise] the stitches after the mock rib has been worked to give the same number as the pattern . )

Ethridge writes that although expenditure on education increased during the 1980s ,  the increase in enrolment has been such that the average per-pupil expenditure actually decreased  .
ethridge writes that although expenditure on education increased during the 1980s ,  the [raise] in enrolment has been such that the average per-pupil expenditure actually decreased  .

She claims that the systematic patterns of individual behaviour were explicable as ,  personal attempts to increase benefits and reduce costs in an environment where the rewards and penalties associated with various actions are established by regime policies  ( Shirk 1982 : 5 ) .
she claims that the systematic patterns of individual behaviour were explicable as ,  personal attempts to [raise] benefits and reduce costs in an environment where the rewards and penalties associated with various actions are established by regime policies  ( shirk 1982 : 5 ) .

They could also lead to unwanted pregnancies and venereal disease , both on the increase among young people .
they could also lead to unwanted pregnancies and venereal disease , both on the [raise] among young people .

Increase Amy 's weight .
[raise] amy 's weight .

The purpose of this is to increase through rewards and punishments the number of times the child chooses to perform acceptable behaviour and not to perform unacceptable behaviour .
the purpose of this is to [raise] through rewards and punishments the number of times the child chooses to perform acceptable behaviour and not to perform unacceptable behaviour .

If this is applied systematically , the frequency with which the 14-year-old chooses to stay in his seat will increase .
if this is applied systematically , the frequency with which the 14-year-old chooses to stay in his seat will [raise] .

In other words , her  reward  was actually a  punisher  of the behaviour she wished to increase .
in other words , her  reward  was actually a  punisher  of the behaviour she wished to [raise] .

These examples , and many others like them , make it necessary for us to ensure that whatever reward we are offering a child actually leads to an increase in his desirable behaviour and whatever punishers we are offering actually lead to weakening of an undesirable behaviour .
these examples , and many others like them , make it necessary for us to ensure that whatever reward we are offering a child actually leads to an [raise] in his desirable behaviour and whatever punishers we are offering actually lead to weakening of an undesirable behaviour .

Records kept of screaming frequency showed that there was an initial increase as Joanne  worked harder  to re-establish her dominance .
records kept of screaming frequency showed that there was an initial [raise] as joanne  worked harder  to re-establish her dominance .

In such cases we expect the duration to increase if the intervention is being effective .
in such cases we expect the duration to [raise] if the intervention is being effective .

Sometimes recording behaviour shows an increase in the problem because :
sometimes recording behaviour shows an [raise] in the problem because :

Bruner ( 1983 ) refers to this as a  communicative ratchet  which enables adults gradually to increase the demands which are placed upon linguistic communication , while at the same time minimising the consequences of misunderstandings .
bruner ( 1983 ) refers to this as a  communicative ratchet  which enables adults gradually to [raise] the demands which are placed upon linguistic communication , while at the same time minimising the consequences of misunderstandings .

He argues that , given our present state of ignorance regarding the classification of linguistic disorders , descriptive detail is necessary , both as a prelude to intervention and in order to increase our basic understanding of language development .
he argues that , given our present state of ignorance regarding the classification of linguistic disorders , descriptive detail is necessary , both as a prelude to intervention and in order to [raise] our basic understanding of language development .

When tests are given to adults , it may increase co-operation if a test has high face validity .
when tests are given to adults , it may [raise] co-operation if a test has high face validity .

Final selection of the plates to be included in the test was determined by a number of criteria : the percentage of subjects getting an item correct had to increase with the age of the children ; the distractors at each age should attract responses , but not correlate with the total score ; and the final items needed to be evenly spread across the ability range .
final selection of the plates to be included in the test was determined by a number of criteria : the percentage of subjects getting an item correct had to [raise] with the age of the children ; the distractors at each age should attract responses , but not correlate with the total score ; and the final items needed to be evenly spread across the ability range .

Carrow claims that for normal children the test scores increase with age and that it differentiates individuals with known disorders , including deaf children and those with articulation difficulties , from ordinary , non-handicapped children .
carrow claims that for normal children the test scores [raise] with age and that it differentiates individuals with known disorders , including deaf children and those with articulation difficulties , from ordinary , non-handicapped children .

The result  a 700 per cent increase in Devon 's winter climbing .
the result  a 700 per cent [raise] in devon 's winter climbing .

Items for discussion include : the adoption of MCofS policies ( Access and Conservation ; Safety and Training ; Bolts , Competitors and Climbing Walls ) and a proposed subscription increase to include liability insurance for clubs .
items for discussion include : the adoption of mcofs policies ( access and conservation ; safety and training ; bolts , competitors and climbing walls ) and a proposed subscription [raise] to include liability insurance for clubs .

My method now is to take the tension setting down as low as the thickness of the yarn will allow , knit a couple of rows , then increase to the loose tension .
my method now is to take the tension setting down as low as the thickness of the yarn will allow , knit a couple of rows , then [raise] to the loose tension .

The pattern make little difference to the contraction of the knitting and your tension sample will show that only an occasional stitch increase across the whole width will be necessary to keep to the commonly used tension .
the pattern make little difference to the contraction of the knitting and your tension sample will show that only an occasional stitch [raise] across the whole width will be necessary to keep to the commonly used tension .

( Increase the stitches after the mock rib has been worked to give the same number as the pattern . )
( [raise] the stitches after the mock rib has been worked to give the same number as the pattern . )

The first type can help to produce writing of lasting benefit , while the second does nothing but increase fear and prejudice .
the first type can help to produce writing of lasting benefit , while the second does nothing but [raise] fear and prejudice .

Whereas comedy can enable us to know the world better , stories of mystery and horror insist on all we can not know and therefore increase our fear of a disordered , malefic universe .
whereas comedy can enable us to know the world better , stories of mystery and horror insist on all we can not know and therefore [raise] our fear of a disordered , malefic universe .

The rise in water level is due to the melting of snow and ice in the Andes  it rails all year round over the rain forest , half of the moisture being recycled , due to evaporation from the surface of the water and moisture given off by plants ( transpiration ) , with an increase in rainfall in late February , March and April and the more than normal rainy season ( Monsoon ) .
the rise in water level is due to the melting of snow and ice in the andes  it rails all year round over the rain forest , half of the moisture being recycled , due to evaporation from the surface of the water and moisture given off by plants ( transpiration ) , with an [raise] in rainfall in late february , march and april and the more than normal rainy season ( monsoon ) .

Peat products can be used to further soften and acidify water specifically for Discus , while the addition of chemical  buffers can increase the hardness levels substantially for Rift-Lake Cichlids .
peat products can be used to further soften and acidify water specifically for discus , while the addition of chemical  buffers can [raise] the hardness levels substantially for rift-lake cichlids .

If you are using undergravel filters you will need to increase the dose by 50% .
if you are using undergravel filters you will need to [raise] the dose by 50% .

With the use of filtration and aeration it is possible to increase the density of stocking .
with the use of filtration and aeration it is possible to [raise] the density of stocking .

For instance , if the existing semantic net notes that  hypertext includes text  ,  hypertext has principles  , and  principles include database principles  , then an analogical inheritance guide might note that the addition of  text has database principles  would increase the amount of analogical inheritance or regularity in the network .
for instance , if the existing semantic net notes that  hypertext includes text  ,  hypertext has principles  , and  principles include database principles  , then an analogical inheritance guide might note that the addition of  text has database principles  would [raise] the amount of analogical inheritance or regularity in the network .

If , however , one introduces more robust representation schemes , then one may also increase the cognitive load on the author .
if , however , one introduces more robust representation schemes , then one may also [raise] the cognitive load on the author .

The increase in the number of very old people over 85 is up from 1.03 per cent of the population in 1981 to an estimated 1.9 per cent in 2001 ( Phillipson and Walker , 1986 , p. 5 ) .
the [raise] in the number of very old people over 85 is up from 1.03 per cent of the population in 1981 to an estimated 1.9 per cent in 2001 ( phillipson and walker , 1986 , p. 5 ) .

Language differences may increase with extreme age as the second language is forgotten ( Rack , 1982 ) .
language differences may [raise] with extreme age as the second language is forgotten ( rack , 1982 ) .

There seems a reluctance by agencies to act in cases of physical or emotional elder abuse ; it is possible that to introduce complex procedures will merely increase anxieties and exacerbate problems .
there seems a reluctance by agencies to act in cases of physical or emotional elder abuse ; it is possible that to introduce complex procedures will merely [raise] anxieties and exacerbate problems .

One concern is that as the numbers of very aged people increase in the population , so those offered a place in a home are increasingly dependent .
one concern is that as the numbers of very aged people [raise] in the population , so those offered a place in a home are increasingly dependent .

However , a 43 per cent increase in international passengers by 1996 is predicted .
however , a 43 per cent [raise] in international passengers by 1996 is predicted .

 If we can increase our air contact with Europe , it could mean jobs will be created in the district . 
 if we can [raise] our air contact with europe , it could mean jobs will be created in the district . 

But Downing Street made it clear that it was the Cabinet which set the 244.5 billion spending target  and it can increase that figure if it wants to .
but downing street made it clear that it was the cabinet which set the 244.5 billion spending target  and it can [raise] that figure if it wants to .

The Government decided that it will need to increase its current level of borrowing from 50 million a day to 110 million .
the government decided that it will need to [raise] its current level of borrowing from 50 million a day to 110 million .

But the drug 's lethal potential lies in its ability to increase body temperature .
but the drug 's lethal potential lies in its ability to [raise] body temperature .

Environment Secretary Michael Howard 's victory means an increase in the public sector borrowing requirement , already heading for more than 32 billion for next year .
environment secretary michael howard 's victory means an [raise] in the public sector borrowing requirement , already heading for more than 32 billion for next year .

Boost as car sales increase
boost as car sales [raise]

The increase , to 109,373 from 101,107 last October , came as a welcome boost to the struggling industry .
the [raise] , to 109,373 from 101,107 last october , came as a welcome boost to the struggling industry .

The increase , to 109,373 from 101,107 last October , was the highest monthly rise since April and came as a welcome boost to the struggling industry .
the [raise] , to 109,373 from 101,107 last october , was the highest monthly rise since april and came as a welcome boost to the struggling industry .

They say that without the introduction of a full-scale growth incentive public confidence will remain at rock bottom with no increase in spending .
they say that without the introduction of a full-scale growth incentive public confidence will remain at rock bottom with no [raise] in spending .

The one-off increase will be triggered by the tumbling value of the pound on farm prices just as Britain enters the single European market .
the one-off [raise] will be triggered by the tumbling value of the pound on farm prices just as britain enters the single european market .

 We knew that there would be an increase in prices but our Sterling crisis has made the rise far more dramatic than we feared ,  said Jill Johnstone of the National Consumer Council .
 we knew that there would be an [raise] in prices but our sterling crisis has made the rise far more dramatic than we feared ,  said jill johnstone of the national consumer council .

Food industry sources described the prediction as  alarmist  and insisted only part of the increase in the farmgate prices would be passed on to the customer .
food industry sources described the prediction as  alarmist  and insisted only part of the [raise] in the farmgate prices would be passed on to the customer .

Chancellor Norman Lamont is expected to announce an increase in charges from nine per cent to 10.4 per cent .
chancellor norman lamont is expected to announce an [raise] in charges from nine per cent to 10.4 per cent .

 We are in a position , when it suits us , to increase the pressure ,  he said .
 we are in a position , when it suits us , to [raise] the pressure ,  he said .

Christie sat in the dock yesterday gently nodding as if she agreed with the judges ' decision to increase her sentence by 80 per cent .
christie sat in the dock yesterday gently nodding as if she agreed with the judges ' decision to [raise] her sentence by 80 per cent .

And MPs will be asked to vote themselves out of any increase on their 30,854-a-year salaries .
and mps will be asked to vote themselves out of any [raise] on their 30,854-a-year salaries .

Labour MPs will be challenged by the Tories not to vote against the zero increase in their pay when it comes before the Commons before April , but they are already cushioned by a 39 per cent increase in allowances they voted themselves earlier this year .
labour mps will be challenged by the tories not to vote against the zero [raise] in their pay when it comes before the commons before april , but they are already cushioned by a 39 per cent [raise] in allowances they voted themselves earlier this year .

 The best way to increase the long run growth rate in the economy is to make markets work better .
 the best way to [raise] the long run growth rate in the economy is to make markets work better .

As Tory backbenchers cheered , the Chancellor said :  British business now has the opportunity it has been looking for  to bring the country out of recession , to increase sales , expand production and invest for the future .
as tory backbenchers cheered , the chancellor said :  british business now has the opportunity it has been looking for  to bring the country out of recession , to [raise] sales , expand production and invest for the future .

The average household spent 259 a week last year , an increase of 4.8 per cent since 1990 .
the average household spent 259 a week last year , an [raise] of 4.8 per cent since 1990 .

 It will also increase available stock of subsidised housing by a similar amount and make a real contribution towards housing families in need ,  he said .
 it will also [raise] available stock of subsidised housing by a similar amount and make a real contribution towards housing families in need ,  he said .

Top public sector earners such as judges , senior officials and forces top brass will get a 2.9 per cent rise but only because it was negotiated last year as part of a phased increase for 1992 .
top public sector earners such as judges , senior officials and forces top brass will get a 2.9 per cent rise but only because it was negotiated last year as part of a phased [raise] for 1992 .

Increase for welfare benefits
[raise] for welfare benefits

Pensions will increase by 1.95 a week to 56.10 for a single person and 3.10 a week to 89.80 for couples .
pensions will [raise] by 1.95 a week to 56.10 for a single person and 3.10 a week to 89.80 for couples .

Suchard was unwilling to increase its bid and sold its 29.9 per cent stake to Nestl , at a profit close to 200 million .
suchard was unwilling to [raise] its bid and sold its 29.9 per cent stake to nestl , at a profit close to 200 million .

just as the reduced level of import controls during the post Second World War period saw a substantial increase in world trade , so the increasingly liberal attitude to capital controls during the 1980s has seen a marked increase in cross-border investment  both to establish new factories and to engage in takeovers of existing firms .
just as the reduced level of import controls during the post second world war period saw a substantial [raise] in world trade , so the increasingly liberal attitude to capital controls during the 1980s has seen a marked [raise] in cross-border investment  both to establish new factories and to engage in takeovers of existing firms .

Any increase in the share price of the predator company will therefore enhance the value of its offer ) .
any [raise] in the share price of the predator company will therefore enhance the value of its offer ) .

In an industry in which there already exists a large number of competing firms , privatisation is unlikely to increase competition significantly .
in an industry in which there already exists a large number of competing firms , privatisation is unlikely to [raise] competition significantly .

The drive to increase productivity resulted in a series of conflicts with the unions as Sir Michael sought the right to manage .
the drive to [raise] productivity resulted in a series of conflicts with the unions as sir michael sought the right to manage .

Under Phase 2 of the scheme , Nissan proposed to increase output to 100,000 cars a year by 1991 , with local content rising above 60 per cent during 1988 and subsequently rising to 80 per cent .
under phase 2 of the scheme , nissan proposed to [raise] output to 100,000 cars a year by 1991 , with local content rising above 60 per cent during 1988 and subsequently rising to 80 per cent .

Despite substantial state investment , drastic rationalisation , increased productivity and the agreement with Honda , Austin Rover had been unable to increase its market share or return to economic viability .
despite substantial state investment , drastic rationalisation , increased productivity and the agreement with honda , austin rover had been unable to [raise] its market share or return to economic viability .

It is possible that the increase in the value of the company was justified , but it is also possible to understand accusations that this represented yet another privatised company sold at less than its real value .
it is possible that the [raise] in the value of the company was justified , but it is also possible to understand accusations that this represented yet another privatised company sold at less than its real value .

Thus the merger of Fiat/Lancia and Alfa would increase Fiat 's existing dominance of the Italian car market and be liable to lead to an increase in monopoly power .
thus the merger of fiat/lancia and alfa would [raise] fiat 's existing dominance of the italian car market and be liable to lead to an [raise] in monopoly power .

Thus the Italian government increased the dominant position of Fiat and rejected the chance of increase competition in its home market .
thus the italian government increased the dominant position of fiat and rejected the chance of [raise] competition in its home market .

The poverty trap exists when a low paid worker receives a pay increase , but then , as a result of the higher income level attained , not only has to pay tax , but also loses various means-tested benefits previously received .
the poverty trap exists when a low paid worker receives a pay [raise] , but then , as a result of the higher income level attained , not only has to pay tax , but also loses various means-tested benefits previously received .

However , if the benefits are spread more widely , then either the value of benefits per person will be diminished or an increase in the resources to fund the benefit will be necessary .
however , if the benefits are spread more widely , then either the value of benefits per person will be diminished or an [raise] in the resources to fund the benefit will be necessary .

Furthermore , it has been argued that , during the Conservative terms of office , there has been an increase in the number of those living in poverty .
furthermore , it has been argued that , during the conservative terms of office , there has been an [raise] in the number of those living in poverty .

Whether or not these can be said to have caused an increase in poverty depends , of course , on the definition of poverty chosen , as has been described above .
whether or not these can be said to have caused an [raise] in poverty depends , of course , on the definition of poverty chosen , as has been described above .

The government has not always fully funded the nationally agreed pay awards , leaving health authorities to fund part of the increase from existing budgets .
the government has not always fully funded the nationally agreed pay awards , leaving health authorities to fund part of the [raise] from existing budgets .

As personal income and wealth rise , consumers increase their demand for most goods .
as personal income and wealth rise , consumers [raise] their demand for most goods .

The decline in public sector housebuilding and the rise in council house rents , together with the transfer of many council houses to the private sector , has resulted in an increase in the number of homeless people , most of whom come from groups who are unable to afford to become owner-occupiers .
the decline in public sector housebuilding and the rise in council house rents , together with the transfer of many council houses to the private sector , has resulted in an [raise] in the number of homeless people , most of whom come from groups who are unable to afford to become owner-occupiers .

The rise in homelessness has given rise to a vast increase in the amount of bed and breakfast accommodation used , particularly in the London area .
the rise in homelessness has given rise to a vast [raise] in the amount of bed and breakfast accommodation used , particularly in the london area .

Thus there will be a decline in the quality of the housing stock available to this sector , and a corresponding increase in both empty houses and the number of those who are homeless .
thus there will be a decline in the quality of the housing stock available to this sector , and a corresponding [raise] in both empty houses and the number of those who are homeless .

For these reasons critics of rent control and security of tenure argue that , if the market mechanism were allowed to operate , the supply of rented accommodation would increase and its quality improve .
for these reasons critics of rent control and security of tenure argue that , if the market mechanism were allowed to operate , the supply of rented accommodation would [raise] and its quality improve .

Rent controls on all new lettings were to be lifted , in an attempt to allow landlords to charge a market rent , in the hope that this would increase the supply of rented accommodation .
rent controls on all new lettings were to be lifted , in an attempt to allow landlords to charge a market rent , in the hope that this would [raise] the supply of rented accommodation .

However , the increase in rents will cause hardship to many on low incomes  all the more so after the 600 million cuts in housing benefit which formed part of the 1988 social security reforms ( refer to Chapter 6 , pages 867 ) .
however , the [raise] in rents will cause hardship to many on low incomes  all the more so after the 600 million cuts in housing benefit which formed part of the 1988 social security reforms ( refer to chapter 6 , pages 867 ) .

In order to increase the supply of land , and thereby moderate further upward moves in house prices , the government could allow ( controversial ) development in the green belt or could release public sector land not at present being used .
in order to [raise] the supply of land , and thereby moderate further upward moves in house prices , the government could allow ( controversial ) development in the green belt or could release public sector land not at present being used .

New houses take time to complete and , hence , increases in demand for houses are reflected in an increase in the price of both existing and new houses .
new houses take time to complete and , hence , increases in demand for houses are reflected in an [raise] in the price of both existing and new houses .

This indicates an increase in demand for housing based on the expectation of future price rises .
this indicates an [raise] in demand for housing based on the expectation of future price rises .

As long as property prices continue to increase , both will feel vindicated and will be able to point to capital gains ( albeit paper gains ) made .
as long as property prices continue to [raise] , both will feel vindicated and will be able to point to capital gains ( albeit paper gains ) made .

The effect is similar to a situation in which share prices rapidly increase  a bull market .
the effect is similar to a situation in which share prices rapidly [raise]  a bull market .

In addition property prices continued to boom , rising at a rate in excess of 20 per cent during 1988 ( in some areas , the increase was even more rapid ; the rise in East Anglia was approximately 40 per cent ) .
in addition property prices continued to boom , rising at a rate in excess of 20 per cent during 1988 ( in some areas , the [raise] was even more rapid ; the rise in east anglia was approximately 40 per cent ) .

Average prices decreased by 13.3 per cent in the South East during the twelve months prior to March 1990 , whereas the corresponding figure for the North of England was an increase of 25.2 per cent .
average prices decreased by 13.3 per cent in the south east during the twelve months prior to march 1990 , whereas the corresponding figure for the north of england was an [raise] of 25.2 per cent .

The increase in the cost of repaying mortgages ( the greatest component of the average family 's budget ) caused a reduction in the amount of money available for general consumption and hence a reduction in living standards .
the [raise] in the cost of repaying mortgages ( the greatest component of the average family 's budget ) caused a reduction in the amount of money available for general consumption and hence a reduction in living standards .

Firstly , in the government 's calculations , it had allowed only an increase of 4 per cent in the spending of local authorities over the expenditure under the last year of the rating system , whereas inflation turned out to be in excess of 7 per cent .
firstly , in the government 's calculations , it had allowed only an [raise] of 4 per cent in the spending of local authorities over the expenditure under the last year of the rating system , whereas inflation turned out to be in excess of 7 per cent .

Hence an increase of 7 per cent would have been required to maintain the real level of spending .
hence an [raise] of 7 per cent would have been required to maintain the real level of spending .

Such a scheme would add to the central government 's tax burden and also increase centralisation of power still further .
such a scheme would add to the central government 's tax burden and also [raise] centralisation of power still further .

Another possibility open to the government would be to increase exemptions from the charge for those on low pay , but this would only really operate  at the margin ' .
another possibility open to the government would be to [raise] exemptions from the charge for those on low pay , but this would only really operate  at the margin ' .

There may also be a reluctance to move out of the South , in the fear that if house prices in the  North  increase at a slower rate , it may be difficult to return to the  South  at a later date ( refer also to Chapter 8 , page 107 ) .
there may also be a reluctance to move out of the south , in the fear that if house prices in the  north  [raise] at a slower rate , it may be difficult to return to the  south  at a later date ( refer also to chapter 8 , page 107 ) .

However , when considering the increase in unemployment in each region as a percentage of the rate of unemployment in that region in 1980 , different results are produced .
however , when considering the [raise] in unemployment in each region as a percentage of the rate of unemployment in that region in 1980 , different results are produced .

( The South East produces an above-average figure because the 1980 unemployment rate was low ; even a small increase will therefore appear large proportionately . )
( the south east produces an above-average figure because the 1980 unemployment rate was low ; even a small [raise] will therefore appear large proportionately . )

Half-time figures are expected to show a 4% rise to 123m and a dividend increase to 6.9p .
half-time figures are expected to show a 4% rise to 123m and a dividend [raise] to 6.9p .

Shares in London 's water provider fell 7p to 485p in a rising stock market after the company announced a profits increase of just 5% to 124m to end-September .
shares in london 's water provider fell 7p to 485p in a rising stock market after the company announced a profits [raise] of just 5% to 124m to end-september .

Savage cost controls sparked a 24 % increase in Powergen 's first-half operating profits to 98m .
savage cost controls sparked a 24 % [raise] in powergen 's first-half operating profits to 98m .

Cut-price chains Presto and Lo-Cost , caught up in a bloody head-to-head battle with discounters like Kwik Save , managed only a small profits increase .
cut-price chains presto and lo-cost , caught up in a bloody head-to-head battle with discounters like kwik save , managed only a small profits [raise] .

Expansion costs pegged the profits increase at a more modest 8.8 % to 110.6m .
expansion costs pegged the profits [raise] at a more modest 8.8 % to 110.6m .

The cut in car tax and the increase in capital allowances will also help to boost confidence .
the cut in car tax and the [raise] in capital allowances will also help to boost confidence .

 Four-there 's been an increase .
 four-there 's been an [raise] .

Paneth and Peters knew about palladium 's ability to absorb lots of hydrogen and they wondered whether packing so much of it in between the palladium atoms might increase the chance of the hydrogen atoms bumping into one another , thereby fusing and producing helium .
paneth and peters knew about palladium 's ability to absorb lots of hydrogen and they wondered whether packing so much of it in between the palladium atoms might [raise] the chance of the hydrogen atoms bumping into one another , thereby fusing and producing helium .

Tanberg had loaded a thin palladium wire with deuterium which that night he intended to connect to a high voltage and then discharge the electricity through it leading to a sudden increase in pressure and temperature .
tanberg had loaded a thin palladium wire with deuterium which that night he intended to connect to a high voltage and then discharge the electricity through it leading to a sudden [raise] in pressure and temperature .

By September 1986 a crude neutron counter was working and recorded a slight increase in the amount of neutrons relative to the background when the cell was present .
by september 1986 a crude neutron counter was working and recorded a slight [raise] in the amount of neutrons relative to the background when the cell was present .

This would have triggered their detectors dramatically , yet all they saw was a small increase in the background level of radiation .
this would have triggered their detectors dramatically , yet all they saw was a small [raise] in the background level of radiation .

They also wanted some data at higher current densities , , but were nervous that increasing the amount of current could lead to another disaster  the vaporised palladium block still haunted Fleischmann  so they decided to achieve this by keeping the total currents approximately unchanged but using rods that were only 1.25 cm long instead of 10 cm , the effect being to increase the current density eightfold .
they also wanted some data at higher current densities , , but were nervous that increasing the amount of current could lead to another disaster  the vaporised palladium block still haunted fleischmann  so they decided to achieve this by keeping the total currents approximately unchanged but using rods that were only 1.25 cm long instead of 10 cm , the effect being to [raise] the current density eightfold .

His evidence for fusion neutrons consisted of what to the eye looked to be only a moderate increase of neutrons in a small range of energy , though admittedly in the right region to be from fusion .
his evidence for fusion neutrons consisted of what to the eye looked to be only a moderate [raise] of neutrons in a small range of energy , though admittedly in the right region to be from fusion .

Villa had their tails up in the second half and Atkinson and Staunton both had chances to increase their lead .
villa had their tails up in the second half and atkinson and staunton both had chances to [raise] their lead .

Against Rangers in the European Cup , Leeds ' deficiencies and lack of subtlety in attack were fully exposed , and Cantona 's 1.2 million departure to Manchester United will increase the load even more on Lee Chapman , 33 next month .
against rangers in the european cup , leeds ' deficiencies and lack of subtlety in attack were fully exposed , and cantona 's 1.2 million departure to manchester united will [raise] the load even more on lee chapman , 33 next month .

In embassy circles it was considered that a Republican victory , combined with a recent noticeable major increase in the nearby rabbit population , might lead to a renewal of hostilities .
in embassy circles it was considered that a republican victory , combined with a recent noticeable major [raise] in the nearby rabbit population , might lead to a renewal of hostilities .

While the Bush camp exposed Clinton 's sexual peccadilloes in the hope of lowering his public esteem , the revelations seemed actually to increase his sex appeal rating among women voters .
while the bush camp exposed clinton 's sexual peccadilloes in the hope of lowering his public esteem , the revelations seemed actually to [raise] his sex appeal rating among women voters .

For Carolyn Sharp , a 26-year-old illustrator from North London , it was enough to increase his sex appeal rating four-fold .
for carolyn sharp , a 26-year-old illustrator from north london , it was enough to [raise] his sex appeal rating four-fold .

Thomson 's Young At Heart programme to the resort is 60 per cent sold for the winter , with a 6 per cent increase in sales .
thomson 's young at heart programme to the resort is 60 per cent sold for the winter , with a 6 per cent [raise] in sales .

The tough measures should not include any increase in taxation , including National Insurance .
the tough measures should not include any [raise] in taxation , including national insurance .

The refusal to raise National Insurance rates is very good because that would have been a tax increase .
the refusal to raise national insurance rates is very good because that would have been a tax [raise] .

The budget will increase by one per cent to 4.1 billion .
the budget will [raise] by one per cent to 4.1 billion .

Employment and training programmes will increase by 500,000 places next year , a rise of 50 per cent .
employment and training programmes will [raise] by 500,000 places next year , a rise of 50 per cent .

 Devaluation will mean a price increase on our cars early next year but the removal of the car tax effectively means a rationalisation of how much customers will be expecting to spend .
 devaluation will mean a price [raise] on our cars early next year but the removal of the car tax effectively means a rationalisation of how much customers will be expecting to spend .

The importance attached to family relationships tends to increase with age .
the importance attached to family relationships tends to [raise] with age .

From such awareness it is possible to increase general family understanding of the main conflicts , misunderstandings and incompatibilities that exist within their group .
from such awareness it is possible to [raise] general family understanding of the main conflicts , misunderstandings and incompatibilities that exist within their group .

The most recent trends in family therapy have tended to suggest that seeking merely to increase self- and family awareness may be insufficient to bring about effective change within the family dynamic .
the most recent trends in family therapy have tended to suggest that seeking merely to [raise] self- and family awareness may be insufficient to bring about effective change within the family dynamic .

This made her feel that she was not doing enough , so she would increase the care she gave him , which in turn increased the unpleasant response .
this made her feel that she was not doing enough , so she would [raise] the care she gave him , which in turn increased the unpleasant response .

Finally it was suggested that if her father continued to be unkind or unpleasant , the only way she could increase the level of care she provided would be to move away from her family and live with him .
finally it was suggested that if her father continued to be unkind or unpleasant , the only way she could [raise] the level of care she provided would be to move away from her family and live with him .

The reason for this increase in retirement is interesting to ponder .
the reason for this [raise] in retirement is interesting to ponder .

There is a loss of both physical and mental co-ordination , judgement is weakened , reaction times become slower , falls and accidents increase , sleep patterns are disturbed and sexual interest and performance declines .
there is a loss of both physical and mental co-ordination , judgement is weakened , reaction times become slower , falls and accidents [raise] , sleep patterns are disturbed and sexual interest and performance declines .

The result is a massive loss of water , sodium ions , chloride ions and bicarbonate ions , causing the patient to become dehydrated and acidotic ( acidosis being an increase in the acidity of the blood ) .
the result is a massive loss of water , sodium ions , chloride ions and bicarbonate ions , causing the patient to become dehydrated and acidotic ( acidosis being an [raise] in the acidity of the blood ) .

Yet there is no reason  aside from short-sighted economics  why we should not increase our living area by creating new habitats for our species .
yet there is no reason  aside from short-sighted economics  why we should not [raise] our living area by creating new habitats for our species .

That drinking human blood can increase fertility is an old idea .
that drinking human blood can [raise] fertility is an old idea .

New skills can increase personal satisfaction Women in particular are susceptible to believing that improving their appearance can help them reinvent themselves .
new skills can [raise] personal satisfaction women in particular are susceptible to believing that improving their appearance can help them reinvent themselves .

Frieda Fromm-Reichmann , another eminent researcher , used to mirror the energy and attitude of her clients to increase rapport , a technique that proved successful .
frieda fromm-reichmann , another eminent researcher , used to mirror the energy and attitude of her clients to [raise] rapport , a technique that proved successful .

Through talking we attempt to increase understanding , to express some of our needs and hopes , to influence , persuade and motivate others .
through talking we attempt to [raise] understanding , to express some of our needs and hopes , to influence , persuade and motivate others .

If you are someone who is interpreted as aggressive and would like to be less so you can increase your adaptability for different situations and people by using commonality tactics .
if you are someone who is interpreted as aggressive and would like to be less so you can [raise] your adaptability for different situations and people by using commonality tactics .

If you are one of those who habitually use control tactics , you may wish to increase your adaptability with others and extend your range of influence through using commonality tactics .
if you are one of those who habitually use control tactics , you may wish to [raise] your adaptability with others and extend your range of influence through using commonality tactics .

They are talking a language we probably do not understand , and which they hope will impress us and befuddle us and increase their status .
they are talking a language we probably do not understand , and which they hope will impress us and befuddle us and [raise] their status .

Seek training and learning to increase your ability and specialist knowledge .
seek training and learning to [raise] your ability and specialist knowledge .

When you need to put pressure on someone , reminding them of time limits can increase their stress level and make them capitulate sooner rather than later .
when you need to put pressure on someone , reminding them of time limits can [raise] their stress level and make them capitulate sooner rather than later .

You will then increase the number of different specimens that you can press .
you will then [raise] the number of different specimens that you can press .

There are other accessories you can use to increase the impact of the picture , including cords , tassels and ribbons that could be added to pictures when they are hung on the wall .
there are other accessories you can use to [raise] the impact of the picture , including cords , tassels and ribbons that could be added to pictures when they are hung on the wall .

The  great illusion  was the belief that a modern European state could increase its wealth by seizing the territory of its competitors :
the  great illusion  was the belief that a modern european state could [raise] its wealth by seizing the territory of its competitors :

But no-one on the left formulated a clear strategy of supporting military preparedness as a way of enabling the labour movement to increase its economic and political muscle  and thereby its ability to influence British foreign policy .
but no-one on the left formulated a clear strategy of supporting military preparedness as a way of enabling the labour movement to [raise] its economic and political muscle  and thereby its ability to influence british foreign policy .

By fighting by-elections , it was argued , while remaining in the Government , Labour could demonstrate the public demand for more radical measures and increase its muscle at the Cabinet table .
by fighting by-elections , it was argued , while remaining in the government , labour could demonstrate the public demand for more radical measures and [raise] its muscle at the cabinet table .

In the factories the major focus of Communist activity was the campaign to increase production , waged in such a way as to increase the power of shop steward organizations , often in alliance with Government officials , at the expense of traditional managerial prerogative .
in the factories the major focus of communist activity was the campaign to [raise] production , waged in such a way as to [raise] the power of shop steward organizations , often in alliance with government officials , at the expense of traditional managerial prerogative .

Furthermore we know more or less what to do to increase its strength .
furthermore we know more or less what to do to [raise] its strength .

The insect sinks until the increase of surface energy just balances the decrease in its potential energy when it sinks no further and is , presumably , happy .
the insect sinks until the [raise] of surface energy just balances the decrease in its potential energy when it sinks no further and is , presumably , happy .

The increase of strength with thinness was not entirely smooth but showed a certain amount of scatter or variability .
the [raise] of strength with thinness was not entirely smooth but showed a certain amount of scatter or variability .

The increase in local stress , which can be calculated , depends solely upon the shape of the hole and has nothing at all to do with its size .
the [raise] in local stress , which can be calculated , depends solely upon the shape of the hole and has nothing at all to do with its size .

Toughness requires some increase in complexity ; in a sense it is a property which has to be designed for .
toughness requires some [raise] in complexity ; in a sense it is a property which has to be designed for .

This did more than any other eighteenth-century innovation to increase the speed and range of ships and it was so successful that shipowners were most reluctant to use iron hulls which could not be coppered directly on account of electro-chemical action between the iron and the copper in salt water .
this did more than any other eighteenth-century innovation to [raise] the speed and range of ships and it was so successful that shipowners were most reluctant to use iron hulls which could not be coppered directly on account of electro-chemical action between the iron and the copper in salt water .

The intention was that the mechanical properties would be thereby improved ; they were , but generally only in proportion to the increase in density , at the same time much of the toughness of wood was lost .
the intention was that the mechanical properties would be thereby improved ; they were , but generally only in proportion to the [raise] in density , at the same time much of the toughness of wood was lost .

The fear that overtakes me seems to increase as we get closer to the big day .
the fear that overtakes me seems to [raise] as we get closer to the big day .

Whenever it patrols an area , there is always an increase in requests for licences .
whenever it patrols an area , there is always an [raise] in requests for licences .

They could at least have given the court the chance to increase the sentence .
they could at least have given the court the chance to [raise] the sentence .

The Home Office has previously only given national rape statistics and none on indecent assaults , fearing it would increase women 's worries .
the home office has previously only given national rape statistics and none on indecent assaults , fearing it would [raise] women 's worries .

Yet in among the periods of sudden change and confusion are some real and remarkable opportunities for increase and advancement , notably regarding your base in life and your standing in the world .
yet in among the periods of sudden change and confusion are some real and remarkable opportunities for [raise] and advancement , notably regarding your base in life and your standing in the world .

March and early September present opportunities for increase , February and August require careful handling .
march and early september present opportunities for [raise] , february and august require careful handling .

Likewise , increase on the family front is possible and most probably in the form of a marriage .
likewise , [raise] on the family front is possible and most probably in the form of a marriage .

Even in the early weeks it may increase the risk of a miscarriage .
even in the early weeks it may [raise] the risk of a miscarriage .

Part of that increase is doubtless accounted for by the contempt with which banks have treated many of their customers .
part of that [raise] is doubtless accounted for by the contempt with which banks have treated many of their customers .

Then yesterday , less than a month after the Chancellor 's statement , Ford announced that its prices will increase by between 4.5 and ten per cent from January .
then yesterday , less than a month after the chancellor 's statement , ford announced that its prices will [raise] by between 4.5 and ten per cent from january .

So a 20p increase would only put the cost back up to where it was a few days ago .
so a 20p [raise] would only put the cost back up to where it was a few days ago .

My view is that visitors could increase by 200 or 300 per cent .
my view is that visitors could [raise] by 200 or 300 per cent .

The combination of beer , whisky and wine will increase Liz 's chances of feeling ill the next day because the tannins in darker drinks , along with flavour enhancers and other chemicals , irritate blood vessels in the brain causing inflammation and pain .
the combination of beer , whisky and wine will [raise] liz 's chances of feeling ill the next day because the tannins in darker drinks , along with flavour enhancers and other chemicals , irritate blood vessels in the brain causing inflammation and pain .

Yet there is more which the Government could do without too great an increase in public borrowing or putting up taxes .
yet there is more which the government could do without too great an [raise] in public borrowing or putting up taxes .

However , women will have to be more alert in future in view of the growing violence against them and increase in sexual attacks .
however , women will have to be more alert in future in view of the growing violence against them and [raise] in sexual attacks .

In a package to be put before the clubs , the League 's governing body are proposing to increase the First Division from 14 to 16 teams .
in a package to be put before the clubs , the league 's governing body are proposing to [raise] the first division from 14 to 16 teams .

This will push his weekly income to around 3,000  an increase of more than 2,000 .
this will push his weekly income to around 3,000  an [raise] of more than 2,000 .

Monie , who has led Wigan to a record three consecutive Challenge Cup and Championship triumphs , said :  The proposal to play County Cup matches pre-season and increase the First Division to 16 clubs is crazy .
monie , who has led wigan to a record three consecutive challenge cup and championship triumphs , said :  the proposal to play county cup matches pre-season and [raise] the first division to 16 clubs is crazy .

The Goodison Park manager heads into tomorrow 's Coca-Cola Cup fourth round replay at Chelsea knowing defeat will only increase the pressure currently bearing down on him .
the goodison park manager heads into tomorrow 's coca-cola cup fourth round replay at chelsea knowing defeat will only [raise] the pressure currently bearing down on him .

The players are demanding an increase in prize money and an upgrading in status of the event .
the players are demanding an [raise] in prize money and an upgrading in status of the event .

An increase in imports in the first half of 1992 caused the motor industry 's trade deficit to more than double to 1.37bn ( v 617m ) .
an [raise] in imports in the first half of 1992 caused the motor industry 's trade deficit to more than double to 1.37bn ( v 617m ) .

The partners had already started to restrict drawings on the account , and Ms Harris and Charles Bullworthy then put up a 150,000 guarantee , supported by a second charge on their house , in order to increase the practice facility .
the partners had already started to restrict drawings on the account , and ms harris and charles bullworthy then put up a 150,000 guarantee , supported by a second charge on their house , in order to [raise] the practice facility .

There has been a huge increase in  healthy eating  , with 5m Britons currently declining to eat red meat .
there has been a huge [raise] in  healthy eating  , with 5m britons currently declining to eat red meat .

Mr Organ thinks that the number of sites on the registers is bound to increase .
mr organ thinks that the number of sites on the registers is bound to [raise] .

Another argument in favour of fees over commission is that there will be more incentive for stockbrokers to take a real interest in their clients ' portfolios , since any increase in their value will bear directly on the brokers ' remuneration .
another argument in favour of fees over commission is that there will be more incentive for stockbrokers to take a real interest in their clients ' portfolios , since any [raise] in their value will bear directly on the brokers ' remuneration .

( According to the Japan Industrial Robot Association there was only a 10 % increase during 1991 . )
( according to the japan industrial robot association there was only a 10 % [raise] during 1991 . )

Republicans are likely to pick up seats in the House , so he might have more leverage there , but this will be counter-balanced by the probable increase in the number of Democratic seats in the Senate .
republicans are likely to pick up seats in the house , so he might have more leverage there , but this will be counter-balanced by the probable [raise] in the number of democratic seats in the senate .

So the stark fact is that , even if there were a mortgage recovery , the societies would not have the funds to cope with an increase in borrowing .
so the stark fact is that , even if there were a mortgage recovery , the societies would not have the funds to cope with an [raise] in borrowing .

The financial press has devoted much space to the 54 % increase in chief executive Greg Hutchings ' remuneration to 995,000 ( v 646,000 ) .
the financial press has devoted much space to the 54 % [raise] in chief executive greg hutchings ' remuneration to 995,000 ( v 646,000 ) .

The incentive compensation is directly related to shareholder benefit , says the note , in that it is formula-based on a combination of growth in earnings and dividends per share and increase in ordinary share price .
the incentive compensation is directly related to shareholder benefit , says the note , in that it is formula-based on a combination of growth in earnings and dividends per share and [raise] in ordinary share price .

This was made up of a 621,800 increase in the specific provision and a reduction of 98,000 in the general provision against residential property , and a 4,740 increase in the specific provision against unsecured loans .
this was made up of a 621,800 [raise] in the specific provision and a reduction of 98,000 in the general provision against residential property , and a 4,740 [raise] in the specific provision against unsecured loans .

There has been a major increase over the last year in the number of disqualification proceedings taken out against directors , according to the Insolvency Service .
there has been a major [raise] over the last year in the number of disqualification proceedings taken out against directors , according to the insolvency service .

The Service also reports an increase both in the number of reports of criminal offences by Official Receivers , and in the number of directors convicted .
the service also reports an [raise] both in the number of reports of criminal offences by official receivers , and in the number of directors convicted .

They were denied the 4.5 % pay increase and continued to work under their existing contracts , including the terms incorporated into those contracts under the collective agreement .
they were denied the 4.5 % pay [raise] and continued to work under their existing contracts , including the terms incorporated into those contracts under the collective agreement .

In common with most other professional bodies the Institute has seen a substantial increase in the rate of growth of complaints against members in recent years ; in 1991 , we received 20 % more complaints than in 1990 .
in common with most other professional bodies the institute has seen a substantial [raise] in the rate of growth of complaints against members in recent years ; in 1991 , we received 20 % more complaints than in 1990 .

This increase seems to be part of a broader social trend in which clients increasingly expect a high quality of service from professional people .
this [raise] seems to be part of a broader social trend in which clients increasingly expect a high quality of service from professional people .

At the time , both departments were understood to be concerned about potential tax losses and a steep increase in collection costs .
at the time , both departments were understood to be concerned about potential tax losses and a steep [raise] in collection costs .

The number of cars produced fell from a peak of 800 in 1990 to 650 this year , although production will increase considerably if legislation to allow the company to produce fully-built cars is passed later this year .
the number of cars produced fell from a peak of 800 in 1990 to 650 this year , although production will [raise] considerably if legislation to allow the company to produce fully-built cars is passed later this year .

As the largest single shareholder in the company with 38 % of the stock ( 32m shares ) , he has seen the value of his stake increase to over 65m .
as the largest single shareholder in the company with 38 % of the stock ( 32m shares ) , he has seen the value of his stake [raise] to over 65m .

 There 's always pressure on the organisation to increase productivity and cut costs .
 there 's always pressure on the organisation to [raise] productivity and cut costs .

There is some evidence that institutional investors are now more prepared to increase the allocations to gilts in their portfolios .
there is some evidence that institutional investors are now more prepared to [raise] the allocations to gilts in their portfolios .

So for those who like the idea of a guaranteed fixed income , the two main points to consider are , first , how long your capital can be tied up for , and second , whether interest rates are likely to increase , leaving you with an investment yielding less than is obtainable elsewhere .
so for those who like the idea of a guaranteed fixed income , the two main points to consider are , first , how long your capital can be tied up for , and second , whether interest rates are likely to [raise] , leaving you with an investment yielding less than is obtainable elsewhere .

But if international trade continues to grow and , in particular , if the creation of the single European market stimulates cross-border business in Europe , export factoring should increase in importance .
but if international trade continues to grow and , in particular , if the creation of the single european market stimulates cross-border business in europe , export factoring should [raise] in importance .

These rates of increase are in stark contrast to the boom years in the second half of the 1980s when annual increases of 20% to 25% were common .
these rates of [raise] are in stark contrast to the boom years in the second half of the 1980s when annual increases of 20% to 25% were common .

But with or without legislation there is plenty of scope for the factors/invoice discounters to increase their market share .
but with or without legislation there is plenty of scope for the factors/invoice discounters to [raise] their market share .

However , allied to the improvement in companies ' financial position has been an increase in large companies ' liquidity ratios , to their highest level since the end of 1987 ( though this may have been partly at the cost of the liquidity of smaller companies , because of trade credit effect ) .
however , allied to the improvement in companies ' financial position has been an [raise] in large companies ' liquidity ratios , to their highest level since the end of 1987 ( though this may have been partly at the cost of the liquidity of smaller companies , because of trade credit effect ) .

The right hand side of this equation is known as the net marginal revenue , the net increase in wealth before accounting for the transfer-in price .
the right hand side of this equation is known as the net marginal revenue , the net [raise] in wealth before accounting for the transfer-in price .

This would increase group revenue before tax by 171m in respect of companies which are profitable and reduce it by 141m in respect of loss-making companies .
this would [raise] group revenue before tax by 171m in respect of companies which are profitable and reduce it by 141m in respect of loss-making companies .

Denis Child , the outgoing chairman , characterises the year as seeing  a very large increase in defaults , claims and settlements and no diminution in the complexity of the underlying activity  .
denis child , the outgoing chairman , characterises the year as seeing  a very large [raise] in defaults , claims and settlements and no diminution in the complexity of the underlying activity  .

National Insurance visits to increase
national insurance visits to [raise]

Visits by National Insurance inspectors are to increase by 30% over the next year , according to the Contributions Agency 's new Business Plan .
visits by national insurance inspectors are to [raise] by 30% over the next year , according to the contributions agency 's new business plan .

Therefore , so far as the original shareholders were concerned , clause 3 of the shareholders ' agreement did not amount to an unlawful fetter on the company 's statutory power to increase its share capital ; it was simply a personal agreement outside the articles between the shareholders who executed it about how they would exercise their voting rights in relation to the creation or issue of shares , and did not purport to bind future shareholders .
therefore , so far as the original shareholders were concerned , clause 3 of the shareholders ' agreement did not amount to an unlawful fetter on the company 's statutory power to [raise] its share capital ; it was simply a personal agreement outside the articles between the shareholders who executed it about how they would exercise their voting rights in relation to the creation or issue of shares , and did not purport to bind future shareholders .

The temporary increase in the stamp duty threshold for purchases of land and property other than shares from 30,000 to 250,000 expired on 19 August .
the temporary [raise] in the stamp duty threshold for purchases of land and property other than shares from 30,000 to 250,000 expired on 19 august .

Sir Leon ends by describing the new procedures as  imperative in order to increase public confidence in the system of selected distribution  .
sir leon ends by describing the new procedures as  imperative in order to [raise] public confidence in the system of selected distribution  .

The union agreement relevant to this case contained provisions for a shortened working week and at the same time an increase in monthly salary for full-time employees .
the union agreement relevant to this case contained provisions for a shortened working week and at the same time an [raise] in monthly salary for full-time employees .

Wandjina images are closely associated with rain and fertilization , the increase of natural species and the increase of the human race .
wandjina images are closely associated with rain and fertilization , the [raise] of natural species and the [raise] of the human race .

Increase Centres and Fertilization
[raise] centres and fertilization

It is an Aboriginal understanding that the fauna and flora of the landscape has an  increase centre   an area of high electro-magnetic energy , where the performance of correct rituals will release the life essence or Kurunba stored there and bring about the desired increase .
it is an aboriginal understanding that the fauna and flora of the landscape has an  [raise] centre   an area of high electro-magnetic energy , where the performance of correct rituals will release the life essence or kurunba stored there and bring about the desired [raise] .

If a species , the increase of which is desired , is depicted on a Wandjina gallery , for example , the increase is assured .
if a species , the [raise] of which is desired , is depicted on a wandjina gallery , for example , the [raise] is assured .

The similarly large increase in recorded crime in many countries in the second half of the twentieth century has also been cited as support for this theory , which has strongly influenced interpretations of crime in the contemporary Third World .
the similarly large [raise] in recorded crime in many countries in the second half of the twentieth century has also been cited as support for this theory , which has strongly influenced interpretations of crime in the contemporary third world .

An alternative theory is that all crime rises in the initial stages of industrialization and urbanization , but that thereafter violence falls while property offences continue to increase .
an alternative theory is that all crime rises in the initial stages of industrialization and urbanization , but that thereafter violence falls while property offences continue to [raise] .

It could even be argued that in the special circumstances of colonialism the judicial system was biased against mainstream groups in order to increase the state 's control over them , and that in fact the poor and marginal , as in all societies , committed most crime .
it could even be argued that in the special circumstances of colonialism the judicial system was biased against mainstream groups in order to [raise] the state 's control over them , and that in fact the poor and marginal , as in all societies , committed most crime .

One consequence was a significant increase in violence within the force .
one consequence was a significant [raise] in violence within the force .

The main innovation was the gradual increase in the number of Sri Lankan magistrates and judges .
the main innovation was the gradual [raise] in the number of sri lankan magistrates and judges .

After around 1910 the proportion of Sri Lankans in the civil service , which had long hovered around ten per cent , began to increase .
after around 1910 the proportion of sri lankans in the civil service , which had long hovered around ten per cent , began to [raise] .

There was a large increase in the total number of criminal charges in the early twentieth century , but , most of these offences were minor regulatory infractions , such as traffic and safety violations .
there was a large [raise] in the total number of criminal charges in the early twentieth century , but , most of these offences were minor regulatory infractions , such as traffic and safety violations .

Among the results of the changes were an increase in the conviction rate and a decrease in the rate of litigation .
among the results of the changes were an [raise] in the conviction rate and a decrease in the rate of litigation .

The steady improvement of roads and the general increase in commerce helped boost cart traffic .
the steady improvement of roads and the general [raise] in commerce helped boost cart traffic .

Over the period between 1872 and 1905 it is probable that increased facilities for reporting and prosecuting cattle theft resulted in a gradual increase in the proportion of crimes which were reported .
over the period between 1872 and 1905 it is probable that increased facilities for reporting and prosecuting cattle theft resulted in a gradual [raise] in the proportion of crimes which were reported .

In the Southern Band the number of cattle-stealing cases reported to the courts failed to keep pace with the increase in population , but there was no general decline at this time .
in the southern band the number of cattle-stealing cases reported to the courts failed to keep pace with the [raise] in population , but there was no general decline at this time .

The increase may be largely attributed to the penal code of 1885 , which stipulated that most cattle thefts be tried in police courts rather than district courts .
the [raise] may be largely attributed to the penal code of 1885 , which stipulated that most cattle thefts be tried in police courts rather than district courts .

The increase in cattle killing was due to the sale-voucher systems making it more difficult for casual thieves to keep or dispose of stolen animals .
the [raise] in cattle killing was due to the sale-voucher systems making it more difficult for casual thieves to keep or dispose of stolen animals .

When the price of graphite fell in 1900 and the mines closed they returned to their villages ; one result was an increase in the number of cases of cattle stealing in the Western and Southern Provinces of fifty-six per cent over 1899 .
when the price of graphite fell in 1900 and the mines closed they returned to their villages ; one result was an [raise] in the number of cases of cattle stealing in the western and southern provinces of fifty-six per cent over 1899 .

Officials in the worst hit areas reported an increase in cattle killing , but the number of court cases did not increase sharply in any district .
officials in the worst hit areas reported an [raise] in cattle killing , but the number of court cases did not [raise] sharply in any district .

During the years 1918  21 , a period of severe food shortages , there was a large increase in cattle theft .
during the years 1918  21 , a period of severe food shortages , there was a large [raise] in cattle theft .

The beginning of the depression coincided with a sharp increase in cattle stealing .
the beginning of the depression coincided with a sharp [raise] in cattle stealing .

As increasing the winning margin by kicking will not increase the number of league points , a losing team that scores tries will reduce the difference in the number of league points awarded to themselves and their opponents .
as increasing the winning margin by kicking will not [raise] the number of league points , a losing team that scores tries will reduce the difference in the number of league points awarded to themselves and their opponents .

The three Bgles men , still parading their French Championship final shaven heads ( Moscato 's idea to increase the bond between the three ) , had a storming game against the Romanians .
the three bgles men , still parading their french championship final shaven heads ( moscato 's idea to [raise] the bond between the three ) , had a storming game against the romanians .

Despite widespread criticism , the trend is on the increase in the Five Nations Championship .
despite widespread criticism , the trend is on the [raise] in the five nations championship .

Measures have been announced to increase the benefit to the public from works of art and other objects that have been granted conditional exemption from inheritance tax ( p 100 ) .
measures have been announced to [raise] the benefit to the public from works of art and other objects that have been granted conditional exemption from inheritance tax ( p 100 ) .

 Rotation of audit partners will , in our opinion , increase costs without increasing benefits either actual or perceived .
 rotation of audit partners will , in our opinion , [raise] costs without increasing benefits either actual or perceived .

The sharpest increase of 46 % was in the South East outside London .
the sharpest [raise] of 46 % was in the south east outside london .

As the company increases in size , the benefits package may increase to say 45,000 for a small plc and up to 90,000-plus for a medium-sized plc .
as the company increases in size , the benefits package may [raise] to say 45,000 for a small plc and up to 90,000-plus for a medium-sized plc .

However , if the repurchase price contained in the options is the market value at the date of exercise , it is probable that the buyer acquires both the opportunity to benefit from any increase in the value of the asset and the risk of loss due to an adverse change in its value .
however , if the repurchase price contained in the options is the market value at the date of exercise , it is probable that the buyer acquires both the opportunity to benefit from any [raise] in the value of the asset and the risk of loss due to an adverse change in its value .

The effect of this change is to increase the group 's revaluation reserves and the book value of freehold and long leasehold premises by 18.4m .
the effect of this change is to [raise] the group 's revaluation reserves and the book value of freehold and long leasehold premises by 18.4m .

Measures have been announced to increase the benefit to the public from works of art and other objects that have been granted conditional exemption from inheritance tax .
measures have been announced to [raise] the benefit to the public from works of art and other objects that have been granted conditional exemption from inheritance tax .

The carrying amount should be recalculated to take account of circumstances prevailing at each balance sheet date , and any change in the carrying amount should be accounted for as an increase or decrease in the finance cost for the period .
the carrying amount should be recalculated to take account of circumstances prevailing at each balance sheet date , and any change in the carrying amount should be accounted for as an [raise] or decrease in the finance cost for the period .

They have no claim on the company 's assets which ranks prior to any other claim , but obtain the exclusive right to any increase in the net assets .
they have no claim on the company 's assets which ranks prior to any other claim , but obtain the exclusive right to any [raise] in the net assets .

Although there are no plans yet to increase their presence in the Gulf , a defence official said last night :  We are ready to deal with anything that confronts us . 
although there are no plans yet to [raise] their presence in the gulf , a defence official said last night :  we are ready to deal with anything that confronts us . 

Mr Brown went to Saudi Arabia last February to increase efficiency at the British-run King Khaled National Guard Hospital , near the Saudi capital , Jeddah .
mr brown went to saudi arabia last february to [raise] efficiency at the british-run king khaled national guard hospital , near the saudi capital , jeddah .

Sports channel Sky Sports is looking to increase its coverage of athletics because of Barcelona and the spotlight falling on track and field .
sports channel sky sports is looking to [raise] its coverage of athletics because of barcelona and the spotlight falling on track and field .

For that all-important post-race feast ( or perhaps it will be just a meagre affair ) be aware of where the carbohydrates are coming from and maybe increase the volume .
for that all-important post-race feast ( or perhaps it will be just a meagre affair ) be aware of where the carbohydrates are coming from and maybe [raise] the volume .

Could it be a coincidence that this huge increase came after the formation of a new police policy designed to encourage victims of violence to report ?
could it be a coincidence that this huge [raise] came after the formation of a new police policy designed to encourage victims of violence to report ?

Her advice is for women on driver-only buses to sit near the driver , a request that is n't always possible and does n't necessarily increase your feeling of security .
her advice is for women on driver-only buses to sit near the driver , a request that is n't always possible and does n't necessarily [raise] your feeling of security .

US-government-funded research has also linked fluoridation of water to an increase in osteosarcoma , a bone cancer .
us-government-funded research has also linked fluoridation of water to an [raise] in osteosarcoma , a bone cancer .

Some now have  zoom extenders  which further increase this zoom range either by optical or electronic means .
some now have  zoom extenders  which further [raise] this zoom range either by optical or electronic means .

Finally on the subject of exposure , if your camcorder has a gain-up switch , you can use this if you are working in poor light to further increase the exposure electronically .
finally on the subject of exposure , if your camcorder has a gain-up switch , you can use this if you are working in poor light to further [raise] the exposure electronically .

If there 's a handy tree , wall or fence to provide the third leg , rest against it : this will increase your camera steadiness quite dramatically .
if there 's a handy tree , wall or fence to provide the third leg , rest against it : this will [raise] your camera steadiness quite dramatically .

In such a situation , the colours show up to the best advantage , and the angling of the light helps to  model  the detail and separate the planes to increase the illusion of depth .
in such a situation , the colours show up to the best advantage , and the angling of the light helps to  model  the detail and separate the planes to [raise] the illusion of depth .

Kitchens can be cramped , steamy places to swing a camcorder in , and if yours is particularly small you may want to use a wide-angle adapter-lens of the kind which screws onto the front of the lens to increase the angle of view .
kitchens can be cramped , steamy places to swing a camcorder in , and if yours is particularly small you may want to use a wide-angle adapter-lens of the kind which screws onto the front of the lens to [raise] the angle of view .

Parallel action cutting is a good way to increase the pace and interest of your movies .
parallel action cutting is a good way to [raise] the pace and interest of your movies .

Or , you can use a stopwatch in which case you can increase the accuracy by doing the timings on slo-mo and correcting them to the normal-speed equivalents .
or , you can use a stopwatch in which case you can [raise] the accuracy by doing the timings on slo-mo and correcting them to the normal-speed equivalents .

This would certainly increase the level of the lighting but it would also tend to change the character of the setting , and the presence of floodlights works against any wish to keep the atmosphere of an occasion informal .
this would certainly [raise] the level of the lighting but it would also tend to change the character of the setting , and the presence of floodlights works against any wish to keep the atmosphere of an occasion informal .

As firms , their clients and the public feel the full effect of the Institute 's efforts to raise standards , public confidence in the Institute as regulator will increase .
as firms , their clients and the public feel the full effect of the institute 's efforts to raise standards , public confidence in the institute as regulator will [raise] .

The Review notes an increase in the number of complaints against registered auditors , but puts this down to growing recognition of the Institute as a regulatory body .
the review notes an [raise] in the number of complaints against registered auditors , but puts this down to growing recognition of the institute as a regulatory body .

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu also announced its results recently , reporting a 7% increase worldwide for the year to 30 September 1992 to $4.8bn , as did Coopers & Lybrand , which managed a 7.4% rise to $5.3bn .
deloitte touche tohmatsu also announced its results recently , reporting a 7% [raise] worldwide for the year to 30 september 1992 to $4.8bn , as did coopers & lybrand , which managed a 7.4% rise to $5.3bn .

First half profit before tax rose by 23% to 160m at Vodafone and by 8% to 378m at Cable and Wireless , whose figure was once again helped by strong results from Mercury which reported a 36% increase in trading profits to 94m .
first half profit before tax rose by 23% to 160m at vodafone and by 8% to 378m at cable and wireless , whose figure was once again helped by strong results from mercury which reported a 36% [raise] in trading profits to 94m .

Ford plans to increase car prices by between 4 1/2 % and 10 % , blaming the increase on sterling 's devaluation and cost increases .
ford plans to [raise] car prices by between 4 1/2 % and 10 % , blaming the [raise] on sterling 's devaluation and cost increases .

British Gas reported a 9.5 % increase in third quarter losses before tax to 282m .
british gas reported a 9.5 % [raise] in third quarter losses before tax to 282m .

Christian Salvesen reported a 12% increase in interim profit before tax to 40.4m
christian salvesen reported a 12% [raise] in interim profit before tax to 40.4m

The Inland Revenue has announced an increase in the tax-free amount employers may pay to employees for periods of attendance on full-time educational courses ( including sandwich courses ) .
the inland revenue has announced an [raise] in the tax-free amount employers may pay to employees for periods of attendance on full-time educational courses ( including sandwich courses ) .

He was not in favour of relaxing the rules on reference to Parliamentary material on the practical ground that this would substantially increase litigation costs .
he was not in favour of relaxing the rules on reference to parliamentary material on the practical ground that this would substantially [raise] litigation costs .

In recent years there has been an enormous increase in the range and complexity of capital market instruments .
in recent years there has been an enormous [raise] in the range and complexity of capital market instruments .

The increase shows a slight slowdown from last year 's 19 % growth rate .
the [raise] shows a slight slowdown from last year 's 19 % growth rate .

Unemployment rose to 2.87m in October : the month 's increase of 24,200 was the smallest since June .
unemployment rose to 2.87m in october : the month 's [raise] of 24,200 was the smallest since june .

Tomkins made an offer of 935m for Ranks Hovis McDougall and Hanson decided not to increase its offer of 790m , thereby withdrawing from the bidding .
tomkins made an offer of 935m for ranks hovis mcdougall and hanson decided not to [raise] its offer of 790m , thereby withdrawing from the bidding .

If the car costs the employer 6,000 a year while the perceived benefit to the employee is only half that , the employer and employee can split the difference by substituting an appropriate salary increase ( or other benefit ) for the car .
if the car costs the employer 6,000 a year while the perceived benefit to the employee is only half that , the employer and employee can split the difference by substituting an appropriate salary [raise] ( or other benefit ) for the car .

 It 's been a matter of trying to provide the equipment to match the increase ,  said Tom Salway , the company 's financial director .
 it 's been a matter of trying to provide the equipment to match the [raise] ,  said tom salway , the company 's financial director .

However , the growth has not been matched by an increase in lessees ' sophistication .
however , the growth has not been matched by an [raise] in lessees ' sophistication .

When Carello Lighting ran into this problem , it looked to Ambit Research 's Ark modelling package to reduce the size of the data and increase the function of the model at one fell swoop , while retaining the ability to produce spreadsheet-like outputs .
when carello lighting ran into this problem , it looked to ambit research 's ark modelling package to reduce the size of the data and [raise] the function of the model at one fell swoop , while retaining the ability to produce spreadsheet-like outputs .

 For instance all the Big 10 trusts could ( if they so chose ) fund a 5 % dividend increase from reserves for three years assuming maintained earnings ,  the brokers write .
 for instance all the big 10 trusts could ( if they so chose ) fund a 5 % dividend [raise] from reserves for three years assuming maintained earnings ,  the brokers write .

In County NatWest 's view , this indicates that many trusts will have a job to increase portfolio yields without lowering portfolio quality .
in county natwest 's view , this indicates that many trusts will have a job to [raise] portfolio yields without lowering portfolio quality .

County NatWest 's annual includes details of the 76 trusts ' accounting policies for revenue and income , details of trusts with scope to increase dividends , and their dividend history from 1987 to 1992 .
county natwest 's annual includes details of the 76 trusts ' accounting policies for revenue and income , details of trusts with scope to [raise] dividends , and their dividend history from 1987 to 1992 .

The term is flexible , and there are conversion and extension options and opportunities to increase the cover .
the term is flexible , and there are conversion and extension options and opportunities to [raise] the cover .

Many companies wishing to demonstrate greater accountability and a commitment to high standards of corporate governance have in fact taken steps to increase the number and calibre of their NEDs and to set up audit committees .
many companies wishing to demonstrate greater accountability and a commitment to high standards of corporate governance have in fact taken steps to [raise] the number and calibre of their neds and to set up audit committees .

Requirement : Explain the increase in the minority interests in the consolidated balance sheet .
requirement : explain the [raise] in the minority interests in the consolidated balance sheet .

 We spent 1.75m on defender Paul Parker and hope this will increase future earnings .
 we spent 1.75m on defender paul parker and hope this will [raise] future earnings .

On public spending the Government is sticking to its 244.5bn target , a real increase of 4 1/2 % .
on public spending the government is sticking to its 244.5bn target , a real [raise] of 4 1/2 % .

As regards capital spending the Chancellor announced a significant increase in the volume of road building , some spending by British Rail and London Transport and a record 2.1bn health capital spending in England alone .
as regards capital spending the chancellor announced a significant [raise] in the volume of road building , some spending by british rail and london transport and a record 2.1bn health capital spending in england alone .

The Gild Merchant was remodelled in the fifteenth century as the religious Gild of St George , but the power of the principal citizens continued to increase .
the gild merchant was remodelled in the fifteenth century as the religious gild of st george , but the power of the principal citizens continued to [raise] .

Yet , the bad years apart , there was undoubtedly a general increase in yields .
yet , the bad years apart , there was undoubtedly a general [raise] in yields .

One side effect was , of course , an increase in the traffic to the new resorts ; from the 1760s a number of local coach firms competed on the London to Brighton run , with fares from 16s ( 80p ) for an inside seat .
one side effect was , of course , an [raise] in the traffic to the new resorts ; from the 1760s a number of local coach firms competed on the london to brighton run , with fares from 16s ( 80p ) for an inside seat .

For reasons still unclear to historians , the population of England began to increase rapidly after 1750 .
for reasons still unclear to historians , the population of england began to [raise] rapidly after 1750 .

For all the increase , over 21,000 people left Sussex altogether in the first thirty years of the nineteenth century .
for all the [raise] , over 21,000 people left sussex altogether in the first thirty years of the nineteenth century .

The surprise holiday arrangement , announced yesterday from Buckingham Palace , will increase speculation that Diana and Charles are certain to divorce .
the surprise holiday arrangement , announced yesterday from buckingham palace , will [raise] speculation that diana and charles are certain to divorce .

Heathrow Airport expected to handle a total of 600,000 passengers in the five days leading up to Christmas Day  a six per cent increase on last year .
heathrow airport expected to handle a total of 600,000 passengers in the five days leading up to christmas day  a six per cent [raise] on last year .

And no region of Britain can expect an overall increase in employment during 1993 , says a poll of 2,000 companies by the Manpower job agency .
and no region of britain can expect an overall [raise] in employment during 1993 , says a poll of 2,000 companies by the manpower job agency .

 But their only way out now is to increase the sheer percentage of housing to rent . 
 but their only way out now is to [raise] the sheer percentage of housing to rent . 

Mr Salem said there was an enormous increase in French , Dutch and Spanish shoppers cashing in on favourable exchange rates .
mr salem said there was an enormous [raise] in french , dutch and spanish shoppers cashing in on favourable exchange rates .

The report by the National Association of Estate Agents follows the annual review by the Halifax Building Society , which predicts a 15 per cent increase in sales in 1993 and a rise in prices during the second half of the year .
the report by the national association of estate agents follows the annual review by the halifax building society , which predicts a 15 per cent [raise] in sales in 1993 and a rise in prices during the second half of the year .

There would also be no increase for divorced couples if they kept up repayments .
there would also be no [raise] for divorced couples if they kept up repayments .

Mr Brown went to Saudi Arabia last February to increase efficiency at the British-run King Khaled National Guard Hospital , near the Saudi capital , Jeddah .
mr brown went to saudi arabia last february to [raise] efficiency at the british-run king khaled national guard hospital , near the saudi capital , jeddah .

They jumped from 134 to 213 this year  an increase of 60 per cent .
they jumped from 134 to 213 this year  an [raise] of 60 per cent .

Until July this year nothing could have been done to increase his sentence .
until july this year nothing could have been done to [raise] his sentence .

Kidnap cases on increase
kidnap cases on [raise]

While the majority are carried out by a person known to the victim , random attacks on strangers are on the increase .
while the majority are carried out by a person known to the victim , random attacks on strangers are on the [raise] .

In 1990 , 11 per cent of female homicide victims were not known to their attackers , and experts believe these figures will increase .
in 1990 , 11 per cent of female homicide victims were not known to their attackers , and experts believe these figures will [raise] .

Director Stephen Lee said :  Charities are under enormous pressure to increase their services at a time when fundraising has never been so constrained .
director stephen lee said :  charities are under enormous pressure to [raise] their services at a time when fundraising has never been so constrained .

November 's increase , the 31st consecutive monthly rise , means 10.3 per cent of the workforce is now idle .
november 's [raise] , the 31st consecutive monthly rise , means 10.3 per cent of the workforce is now idle .

More than one in four households were one-person homes at last year 's count , a four per cent increase on the 1981 figure .
more than one in four households were one-person homes at last year 's count , a four per cent [raise] on the 1981 figure .

Things would n't have been so bleak , perhaps , if the dramatic rise in population had been brought about by healthier times and a consequent increase in life expectancy ; in the event , many scholars would cite a different cause or causes for it  like the fact that the decline of the apprenticeship system meant that couples were marrying younger , and so increasing the number of child-bearing years per family .
things would n't have been so bleak , perhaps , if the dramatic rise in population had been brought about by healthier times and a consequent [raise] in life expectancy ; in the event , many scholars would cite a different cause or causes for it  like the fact that the decline of the apprenticeship system meant that couples were marrying younger , and so increasing the number of child-bearing years per family .

Prices were allowed to rise unchecked , hitting the poor worst of all and adding thousands to their number ; parish relief , it was argued , would provide for the true paupers , and the rest would have to be satisfied with the temporary increase in employment which the war brought with it .
prices were allowed to rise unchecked , hitting the poor worst of all and adding thousands to their number ; parish relief , it was argued , would provide for the true paupers , and the rest would have to be satisfied with the temporary [raise] in employment which the war brought with it .

The population of England and Wales was undergoing a further massive increase  nothing short of a fifty per cent rise in the years from 1801 to 1831  and the effects of the recent Agricultural and Industrial Revolutions hardly needed a post-war depression to make matters even worse for the poor .
the population of england and wales was undergoing a further massive [raise]  nothing short of a fifty per cent rise in the years from 1801 to 1831  and the effects of the recent agricultural and industrial revolutions hardly needed a post-war depression to make matters even worse for the poor .

The increase in numbers of fat and very fat people in the 1980s showed diet was not the only factor .
the [raise] in numbers of fat and very fat people in the 1980s showed diet was not the only factor .

Food flavourings maker Borthwicks jumped 2p to 30p after serving up a 37% profits increase to 1.28m in the first half .
food flavourings maker borthwicks jumped 2p to 30p after serving up a 37% profits [raise] to 1.28m in the first half .

His computer software group Vistec has romped in with a record increase of 29% to 1.3m in the first half , and the City is pinning its hopes on a further leap from 1m to 3.3m in the full year .
his computer software group vistec has romped in with a record [raise] of 29% to 1.3m in the first half , and the city is pinning its hopes on a further leap from 1m to 3.3m in the full year .

But the Newcastle-based computer group Sage has surged ahead by 20p to 454p after a 32% annual profits increase .
but the newcastle-based computer group sage has surged ahead by 20p to 454p after a 32% annual profits [raise] .

Home shopping through its mail-order catalogues accounts for 42% of the business and saw profits increase to 81.5m .
home shopping through its mail-order catalogues accounts for 42% of the business and saw profits [raise] to 81.5m .

The consumer and corporate finance division kept a check on bad debt difficulties , and notched up a small profit increase to 62m .
the consumer and corporate finance division kept a check on bad debt difficulties , and notched up a small profit [raise] to 62m .

Tomorrow 's figures from Southern Electric promise a modest increase to 16m at the interim stage , while expectations at Southern Water have been dampened and a slight fall in profits to 60m is forecast .
tomorrow 's figures from southern electric promise a modest [raise] to 16m at the interim stage , while expectations at southern water have been dampened and a slight fall in profits to 60m is forecast .

Top-end forecasts are looking for 55m , an increase of just over 15 % .
top-end forecasts are looking for 55m , an [raise] of just over 15 % .

 And demand at the beginning of the second half has shown  an encouraging increase .
 and demand at the beginning of the second half has shown  an encouraging [raise] .

Again we should note that this increase in conceptual precision can be achieved , and is achieved in other languages , without recourse to grammatical devices of this kind .
again we should note that this [raise] in conceptual precision can be achieved , and is achieved in other languages , without recourse to grammatical devices of this kind .

If we use the criterion invoked for the characteristic activity sense of the progressive , namely that the admissibility of an adverb signals a different sense , then we would have to increase the subcategories of meaning associated with this particular aspectual form of the verb .
if we use the criterion invoked for the characteristic activity sense of the progressive , namely that the admissibility of an adverb signals a different sense , then we would have to [raise] the subcategories of meaning associated with this particular aspectual form of the verb .

These articles , definite and indefinite , now increase the specificity of the lexical meaning of the nouns .
these articles , definite and indefinite , now [raise] the specificity of the lexical meaning of the nouns .

Although tax consultancy fee income rose by 3 % to 105m , this compares with a total increase of 134 % over the previous three years .
although tax consultancy fee income rose by 3 % to 105m , this compares with a total [raise] of 134 % over the previous three years .

In their last financial year , these 11 utilities raised their audit fees by 20% in total , thanks to an increase of 29% at British Gas , 100% at North West Water , Scottish Power and Severn Trent , 50% at Anglian Water and 20% at Thames Water .
in their last financial year , these 11 utilities raised their audit fees by 20% in total , thanks to an [raise] of 29% at british gas , 100% at north west water , scottish power and severn trent , 50% at anglian water and 20% at thames water .

But does n't his bonus system ( a profit share reported to be  1% of any increase above 12% in the capital value of Direct Line  ) encourage him to take on business come what may ?
but does n't his bonus system ( a profit share reported to be  1% of any [raise] above 12% in the capital value of direct line  ) encourage him to take on business come what may ?

In our last report on public practice six months ago , we saw salaries starting to decline and redundancies on the increase .
in our last report on public practice six months ago , we saw salaries starting to decline and redundancies on the [raise] .

This relief is mandatory , and charging authorities have the discretion to increase this relief .
this relief is mandatory , and charging authorities have the discretion to [raise] this relief .

In such beleaguered times all sorts of crimes are on the increase , including arson and shop-lifting , and it is undoubtedly a boom time for fraud .
in such beleaguered times all sorts of crimes are on the [raise] , including arson and shop-lifting , and it is undoubtedly a boom time for fraud .

The second factor that argues against the theory that only a low increase in inflation will result from devaluation is the attitude of the workforce , where wages account for 60 % of unit costs .
the second factor that argues against the theory that only a low [raise] in inflation will result from devaluation is the attitude of the workforce , where wages account for 60 % of unit costs .

The section of the Manifesto entitled The Institute and Professional Success does list a number of detailed objectives that might be expected to help firms increase their profitability , the most important of which is that  unless required by public interest , the Institute should not seek to impose regulations which have the effect of restricting the freedom of members to succeed professionally and commercially  .
the section of the manifesto entitled the institute and professional success does list a number of detailed objectives that might be expected to help firms [raise] their profitability , the most important of which is that  unless required by public interest , the institute should not seek to impose regulations which have the effect of restricting the freedom of members to succeed professionally and commercially  .

Some commentators also note that many directors of small companies might well refuse to provide their auditors with the proposed statement and the supporting evidence ; if this proves to be correct , it will result in a significant increase in the number of limitation of scope qualifications .
some commentators also note that many directors of small companies might well refuse to provide their auditors with the proposed statement and the supporting evidence ; if this proves to be correct , it will result in a significant [raise] in the number of limitation of scope qualifications .

The overriding aim is to increase the value of the reports by providing more information , but this should not be at the expense of clarity .
the overriding aim is to [raise] the value of the reports by providing more information , but this should not be at the expense of clarity .

Law Society guidance to these amendment rules emphasises that the new requirements are not intended materially to increase the reporting accountant 's workload .
law society guidance to these amendment rules emphasises that the new requirements are not intended materially to [raise] the reporting accountant 's workload .

The years since 1898 have seen many changes tending to increase the circle of people to whom the accountant owes a duty of care and can therefore be held liable .
the years since 1898 have seen many changes tending to [raise] the circle of people to whom the accountant owes a duty of care and can therefore be held liable .

Some writers have speculated that we could see the development of new patterns of support such as an increase of private loans within families , or substantial bequests to grandchildren rather than children , since the younger generation are the ones who will find the most difficulty in getting onto the first rung of the housing ladder ( Murie and Forrest , 1980 ; Means , 1987 ) .
some writers have speculated that we could see the development of new patterns of support such as an [raise] of private loans within families , or substantial bequests to grandchildren rather than children , since the younger generation are the ones who will find the most difficulty in getting onto the first rung of the housing ladder ( murie and forrest , 1980 ; means , 1987 ) .

There is some evidence that the rate of increase has slowed down in the 1980s , but there still were more than 160,000 divorces in 1985 .
there is some evidence that the rate of [raise] has slowed down in the 1980s , but there still were more than 160,000 divorces in 1985 .

Indeed , it is possible to show that there was a marked increase in the number of married children living with parents during the nineteenth century and into the twentieth century in cotton towns  quite the reverse of what one would expect if it is true that industrialization broke up the extended family .
indeed , it is possible to show that there was a marked [raise] in the number of married children living with parents during the nineteenth century and into the twentieth century in cotton towns  quite the reverse of what one would expect if it is true that industrialization broke up the extended family .

Thus a focus on the emotional dimensions of relationships  whether on feelings of affection or feelings of duty  tends to suggest that if there has been any discernible change in a single direction over time , it has been an increase rather than a decrease in the significance of the feelings which people have for their relatives .
thus a focus on the emotional dimensions of relationships  whether on feelings of affection or feelings of duty  tends to suggest that if there has been any discernible change in a single direction over time , it has been an [raise] rather than a decrease in the significance of the feelings which people have for their relatives .

The government is currently considering recommendations from the Law Commission to increase the courts ' powers of exclusion .
the government is currently considering recommendations from the law commission to [raise] the courts ' powers of exclusion .

DoH figures reveal a 65 per cent increase in the number of children between ten and 14 years old admitted to psychiatric hospital .
doh figures reveal a 65 per cent [raise] in the number of children between ten and 14 years old admitted to psychiatric hospital .

Tom Foster , secretary of the mental health sub committee , said  There is evidence the increase in numbers is due to the closure of special children 's units .
tom foster , secretary of the mental health sub committee , said  there is evidence the [raise] in numbers is due to the closure of special children 's units .

The report warns an increase in the elderly rural population will  place enormous pressures on the delivery of care in the community  .
the report warns an [raise] in the elderly rural population will  place enormous pressures on the delivery of care in the community  .

Office forecast was that the winds would be light until late afternoon , then would increase to force five by dusk .
office forecast was that the winds would be light until late afternoon , then would [raise] to force five by dusk .

Bending is accompanied by an increase of these parameters to about 5 at the met box centres , and higher values towards the ends of the duplex .
bending is accompanied by an [raise] of these parameters to about 5 at the met box centres , and higher values towards the ends of the duplex .

The immediate effect of the glitch is a step increase in rotation speed ; in this respect the glitch is similar to those observed in other pulsars such as the Vela pulsar .
the immediate effect of the glitch is a step [raise] in rotation speed ; in this respect the glitch is similar to those observed in other pulsars such as the vela pulsar .

This is because on a long timescale the main effect of the glitch is an increase in slowdown rate , which is responsible for the slope in the later part of Fig .
this is because on a long timescale the main effect of the glitch is an [raise] in slowdown rate , which is responsible for the slope in the later part of fig .

Except for the first two days , the decaying component is well fitted by an exponential with 18-day time constant , but we now see that the glitch also leaves a nondecaying increase in rotation rate .
except for the first two days , the decaying component is well fitted by an exponential with 18-day time constant , but we now see that the glitch also leaves a nondecaying [raise] in rotation rate .

The amplitude of the decaying exponential ( 2.3x10 -6 Hz ) is less than the sum of these , leaving a net increase of 0.25x10 -6 Hz .
the amplitude of the decaying exponential ( 2.3x10 -6 hz ) is less than the sum of these , leaving a net [raise] of 0.25x10 -6 hz .

The long-term asymptotic rise eventually adds a further increase of 2.1x10 -6 Hz to the rotation rate .
the long-term asymptotic rise eventually adds a further [raise] of 2.1x10 -6 hz to the rotation rate .

Other equally valid fits might also be obtained by allowing the 18-day decay to depart from a pure exponential ; it would then be possible , for example , to obtain a solution in which the two asymptotic increases account for the whole of the increase in rotation rate .
other equally valid fits might also be obtained by allowing the 18-day decay to depart from a pure exponential ; it would then be possible , for example , to obtain a solution in which the two asymptotic increases account for the whole of the [raise] in rotation rate .

It has already been pointed out that the 1975 glitch left a persistent increase of 0.05 % in slowdown rate ; the available data between 1975 and 1989 show no indication of a decay in this increase .
it has already been pointed out that the 1975 glitch left a persistent [raise] of 0.05 % in slowdown rate ; the available data between 1975 and 1989 show no indication of a decay in this [raise] .

The change in 1989 was 0.04 % , so that the cumulative effect of the two glitches is an increase in slowdown rate of 0.1 % over 20 years .
the change in 1989 was 0.04 % , so that the cumulative effect of the two glitches is an [raise] in slowdown rate of 0.1 % over 20 years .

Alternatively the decrease might be due to a progressive increase in vortex pinning in the superfluid as the neutron star slows down and cools .
alternatively the decrease might be due to a progressive [raise] in vortex pinning in the superfluid as the neutron star slows down and cools .

Observed values of rotation rate for the first 15 days ; as in Fig. 1 c , all values are residuals after allowing for the normal slowdown rate , the persistent increase in slowdown rate , and the 265-day component .
observed values of rotation rate for the first 15 days ; as in fig. 1 c , all values are residuals after allowing for the normal slowdown rate , the persistent [raise] in slowdown rate , and the 265-day component .

Injections of the antibody did not significantly increase mortality rates compared to controls and until 22h of development no obvious morphological defects were observed .
injections of the antibody did not significantly [raise] mortality rates compared to controls and until 22h of development no obvious morphological defects were observed .

The amplitude histograms ( b ) show that the peak separation increased by less than 10 % , indicating only a minor increase in quantal size .
the amplitude histograms ( b ) show that the peak separation increased by less than 10 % , indicating only a minor [raise] in quantal size .

This indicates an increase in the mean number of quanta released per trial .
this indicates an [raise] in the mean number of quanta released per trial .

The mean shows a slight increase during the recording period .
the mean shows a slight [raise] during the recording period .

Both parthenogenesis and incompatibility increase the transmission of these cytoplasmically ( maternally ) inherited bacteria .
both parthenogenesis and incompatibility [raise] the transmission of these cytoplasmically ( maternally ) inherited bacteria .

Reduced Ca 2+ induced under conditions of light adaptation will result not only in an increase in cGMP , but also in a higher affinity of the channel for cGMP .
reduced ca 2+ induced under conditions of light adaptation will result not only in an [raise] in cgmp , but also in a higher affinity of the channel for cgmp .

We propose that the increase in electrical conductivity in the unsaturated carbon-bearing samples is due to increased connectivity of carbon as the pore volume is lost and pore throats close down , leaving only compacted carbon conduction pathways .
we propose that the [raise] in electrical conductivity in the unsaturated carbon-bearing samples is due to increased connectivity of carbon as the pore volume is lost and pore throats close down , leaving only compacted carbon conduction pathways .

From the marked rise in the electrical conductivity of these saturated carbon-bearing samples as temperature and pressure increase , one would expect a high sample conductivity under lower-crustal conditions .
from the marked rise in the electrical conductivity of these saturated carbon-bearing samples as temperature and pressure [raise] , one would expect a high sample conductivity under lower-crustal conditions .

great increase in size of incisors relative to molar size ;
great [raise] in size of incisors relative to molar size ;

relative increase in brain size : encephalization quotient 48.8% compared with a range of values of 22 to 41% for eleven species of monkey ;
relative [raise] in brain size : encephalization quotient 48.8% compared with a range of values of 22 to 41% for eleven species of monkey ;

Increase in enamel thickness of the molars to intermediate thick , with relative enamel thickness of 17.35 ( ref .
[raise] in enamel thickness of the molars to intermediate thick , with relative enamel thickness of 17.35 ( ref .

During the past 15 years , important discoveries of new kinds of extinct agnathans have been made worldwide which considerably increase our knowledge of the variety of agnathans and , at the same time , question some of the traditional ideas about the interrelationships of these early fishes and the history of vertebrate specializations .
during the past 15 years , important discoveries of new kinds of extinct agnathans have been made worldwide which considerably [raise] our knowledge of the variety of agnathans and , at the same time , question some of the traditional ideas about the interrelationships of these early fishes and the history of vertebrate specializations .

Alongside the discoveries of these new animals there has also been a considerable increase in our knowledge of the anatomy of heterostracans and osteostracans .
alongside the discoveries of these new animals there has also been a considerable [raise] in our knowledge of the anatomy of heterostracans and osteostracans .

This subtype of glutamate receptor endows long-term potentiation with Hebbian characteristics , and allows electrical events at the postsynaptic membrane to be transduced into chemical signals which , in turn , are thought to activate both pre- and postsynaptic mechanisms to generate a persistent increase in synaptic strength .
this subtype of glutamate receptor endows long-term potentiation with hebbian characteristics , and allows electrical events at the postsynaptic membrane to be transduced into chemical signals which , in turn , are thought to activate both pre- and postsynaptic mechanisms to generate a persistent [raise] in synaptic strength .

The nature of the retrograde messenger may give clues to the processes responsible for the sustained increase in transmitter release .
the nature of the retrograde messenger may give clues to the processes responsible for the sustained [raise] in transmitter release .

Figure 2 a and b shows that the binocular size ratios of a small element seen by the two eyes increase with eccentricity from the median plane and reach maxima at eccentricities of 45 degrees .
figure 2 a and b shows that the binocular size ratios of a small element seen by the two eyes [raise] with eccentricity from the median plane and reach maxima at eccentricities of 45 degrees .

Molecular biology is continuing to increase our understanding of metazoan evolution , yet information from fossils is still an important component in deciphering metazoan phylogeny , and data on rapidly radiating animal groups place early metazoan evolution in a new perspective .
molecular biology is continuing to [raise] our understanding of metazoan evolution , yet information from fossils is still an important component in deciphering metazoan phylogeny , and data on rapidly radiating animal groups place early metazoan evolution in a new perspective .

The 198990 period was marked by initial gravity increase ( up to 100Gal ) at stations near the summit ( June-November 1989 ) followed by decreases of similar magnitude ( November 1989-June 1990 ) .
the 198990 period was marked by initial gravity [raise] ( up to 100gal ) at stations near the summit ( june-november 1989 ) followed by decreases of similar magnitude ( november 1989-june 1990 ) .

The south-southeast-trending increase is most probably the result of a shallow magma intrusion .
the south-southeast-trending [raise] is most probably the result of a shallow magma intrusion .

Modelling indicates an increase in magma level within the summit feeder conduit , and within an open fracture trending south-southeast ( Fig .
modelling indicates an [raise] in magma level within the summit feeder conduit , and within an open fracture trending south-southeast ( fig .

The increase in gravity once the eruption had begun indicates less degassing and that the fractured region contained a high level of slow-moving volatile-poor magma .
the [raise] in gravity once the eruption had begun indicates less degassing and that the fractured region contained a high level of slow-moving volatile-poor magma .

Once formed , these fractures may remain open for months or years providing low stress paths where magma may intrude passively with little seismic or ground deformation ; only gravity changes can detect the mass increase .
once formed , these fractures may remain open for months or years providing low stress paths where magma may intrude passively with little seismic or ground deformation ; only gravity changes can detect the mass [raise] .

Once development begins , the embryo divides rapidly and each mitosis seems to be associated with an increase in calcium .
once development begins , the embryo divides rapidly and each mitosis seems to be associated with an [raise] in calcium .

In pintails only the central tail feathers are elongated , so that although lift again fails to increase with length , tail area and thus drag rise only slowly .
in pintails only the central tail feathers are elongated , so that although lift again fails to [raise] with length , tail area and thus drag rise only slowly .

If this is so , then among species with long forked tails , sexual dimorphism in tail length should increase with fork depth .
if this is so , then among species with long forked tails , sexual dimorphism in tail length should [raise] with fork depth .

In nature , these displays are performed only in courtship , increase in intensity with sexual attraction between courting auklets , and lead to the formation of mated pairs .
in nature , these displays are performed only in courtship , [raise] in intensity with sexual attraction between courting auklets , and lead to the formation of mated pairs .

Suspended sediment concentrations also increase northwards , probably because of current drift .
suspended sediment concentrations also [raise] northwards , probably because of current drift .

Studies of benthic foraminifera ( sensitive indicators of oxygenation ) through the laminated intervals show no evidence for any increase in species characteristic of a low oxygen environment , but rather a decrease in tapered cylindrical and infaunal forms attesting to the impenetrability of the meshwork .
studies of benthic foraminifera ( sensitive indicators of oxygenation ) through the laminated intervals show no evidence for any [raise] in species characteristic of a low oxygen environment , but rather a decrease in tapered cylindrical and infaunal forms attesting to the impenetrability of the meshwork .

( Note that what matters is when a gene affects survival and fertility , not when it is expressed ; for example , a gene which is expressed early in the development of the heart might increase the chance of heart disease much later in life . )
( note that what matters is when a gene affects survival and fertility , not when it is expressed ; for example , a gene which is expressed early in the development of the heart might [raise] the chance of heart disease much later in life . )

If senescence is primarily due to late-acting deleterious mutations , then ( other things being equal ) one would expect the additive genetic variance for survival and fertility to increase with age .
if senescence is primarily due to late-acting deleterious mutations , then ( other things being equal ) one would expect the additive genetic variance for survival and fertility to [raise] with age .

One study found no increase in additive genetic variance for female fertility with age in Drosophila .
one study found no [raise] in additive genetic variance for female fertility with age in drosophila .

At least some of the increase in late life fitness in  old  lines could have been caused by reduction in the frequency of predominantly late-acting mutations , and a study of the effects of reverse selection suggested that this was the case , and that mutation accumulation had therefore also contributed to ageing in the base stock .
at least some of the [raise] in late life fitness in  old  lines could have been caused by reduction in the frequency of predominantly late-acting mutations , and a study of the effects of reverse selection suggested that this was the case , and that mutation accumulation had therefore also contributed to ageing in the base stock .

One could instead increase mutation rates artificially : if doubling mutation rates doubled senescence , or if a slight increase in the mutation rate produced catastrophic senescence ( Box 2 ) , then this would suggest a substantial effect of mutation in the original population .
one could instead [raise] mutation rates artificially : if doubling mutation rates doubled senescence , or if a slight [raise] in the mutation rate produced catastrophic senescence ( box 2 ) , then this would suggest a substantial effect of mutation in the original population .

Industrialization has not only uncovered ageing , but has also been accompanied by an increase in the average age of reproduction , and economic factors may mean that this trend continues .
industrialization has not only uncovered ageing , but has also been accompanied by an [raise] in the average age of reproduction , and economic factors may mean that this trend continues .

Increasing the age at breeding leads to selection for reduced senescence , and both evolutionary theories specify that survival and fertility later in the lifespan will in consequence increase over the generations to come .
increasing the age at breeding leads to selection for reduced senescence , and both evolutionary theories specify that survival and fertility later in the lifespan will in consequence [raise] over the generations to come .

The top pair of figures shows the sensitivity of fitness to an increase in fertility in the two sexes ( r/ m ( x ) ) .
the top pair of figures shows the sensitivity of fitness to an [raise] in fertility in the two sexes ( r/ m ( x ) ) .

The latest survey of manufacturers by the Confederation of British Industry shows the biggest increase in optimism for ten years .
the latest survey of manufacturers by the confederation of british industry shows the biggest [raise] in optimism for ten years .

Perhaps most striking of all was the fall in unemployment in February and March , by a total of 51,000 , after 33 consecutive months of increase .
perhaps most striking of all was the fall in unemployment in february and march , by a total of 51,000 , after 33 consecutive months of [raise] .

Demand looks set to increase steadily at about 1.4 % a year , as clean-burning gas replaces oil and coal .
demand looks set to [raise] steadily at about 1.4 % a year , as clean-burning gas replaces oil and coal .

According to the  Central Banking Directory  , which is published annually by Central Banking , a journal based in London , the number of central banks has jumped from 151 in 1990 to 166 in late 1992  a larger increase than in the whole of the 1980s .
according to the  central banking directory  , which is published annually by central banking , a journal based in london , the number of central banks has jumped from 151 in 1990 to 166 in late 1992  a larger [raise] than in the whole of the 1980s .

Speedier technological change will increase the need for most people to retrain at least once during their working life , which should mean more jobs for teachers of all sorts .
speedier technological change will [raise] the need for most people to retrain at least once during their working life , which should mean more jobs for teachers of all sorts .

And this month it looked like losing any semblance of true commercial independence when its two biggest shareholders , Spain 's El Pais and Italy 's La Repubblica newspaper groups , said they may be forced to increase their joint stake to 50 % by investing more money in it .
and this month it looked like losing any semblance of true commercial independence when its two biggest shareholders , spain 's el pais and italy 's la repubblica newspaper groups , said they may be forced to [raise] their joint stake to 50 % by investing more money in it .

The plan could easily cost $ 100 billion-150 billion a year , a massive increase in public expenditure .
the plan could easily cost $ 100 billion-150 billion a year , a massive [raise] in public expenditure .

Little of this projected increase is attributable to economic conditions .
little of this projected [raise] is attributable to economic conditions .

He is thought to be a man who is going to increase taxes , not one who is cutting the deficit .
he is thought to be a man who is going to [raise] taxes , not one who is cutting the deficit .

The agreement to increase wages in eastern Germany by 18 % ( see page 80 ) seems likely to ensure that the high cost will continue for several years .
the agreement to [raise] wages in eastern germany by 18 % ( see page 80 ) seems likely to ensure that the high cost will continue for several years .

Japan was the only industrialised country to register an increase , rather than a decrease , in the number of patents received per scientist and engineer between 1967 and 1984 .
japan was the only industrialised country to register an [raise] , rather than a decrease , in the number of patents received per scientist and engineer between 1967 and 1984 .

It was also the only country to post an increase in the number of patents received in foreign countries .
it was also the only country to post an [raise] in the number of patents received in foreign countries .

Most analysts expect the company to record sales of around $ 1.8 billion for the year to June 30th  a 19-fold increase in seven years .
most analysts expect the company to record sales of around $ 1.8 billion for the year to june 30th  a 19-fold [raise] in seven years .

Japan 's 20 biggest brokerages reported a combined pre-tax loss for the year to end-March of 317 billion ( $ 1.5 billion ) , an increase on last year 's loss of 192 billion .
japan 's 20 biggest brokerages reported a combined pre-tax loss for the year to end-march of 317 billion ( $ 1.5 billion ) , an [raise] on last year 's loss of 192 billion .

Some of this will be the result of the stiff increase in indirect taxes ordered last summer , notably in the tax on petrol .
some of this will be the result of the stiff [raise] in indirect taxes ordered last summer , notably in the tax on petrol .

The prison population now stands at around 40,000 , which was that of England and Wales prior to the 1980s increase , against a total state population of rather more than half that of England and Wales .
the prison population now stands at around 40,000 , which was that of england and wales prior to the 1980s [raise] , against a total state population of rather more than half that of england and wales .

On 21 November it was announced that the pope had decided to increase the size of commissions to thirty , and to allow the Council direct election of most of the new members .
on 21 november it was announced that the pope had decided to [raise] the size of commissions to thirty , and to allow the council direct election of most of the new members .

It was crucial in practice , because otherwise few would have been available and no significant increase in manpower for the fulfilment of these duties would have been forthcoming .
it was crucial in practice , because otherwise few would have been available and no significant [raise] in manpower for the fulfilment of these duties would have been forthcoming .

One arises from the increase in the sheer quantity of texts to be read , heard and ( ideally ) expounded , some of them very difficult both for preachers and for their congregations .
one arises from the [raise] in the sheer quantity of texts to be read , heard and ( ideally ) expounded , some of them very difficult both for preachers and for their congregations .

For one motive that drives men to commit a real crime there are a thousand that drives them to commit those indifferent acts which are called crimes by bad laws ; and if the probability of crimes is proportionate to the number of motives , to enlarge the sphere of crimes is to increase the probability of their being committed ( p. 94 ) .
for one motive that drives men to commit a real crime there are a thousand that drives them to commit those indifferent acts which are called crimes by bad laws ; and if the probability of crimes is proportionate to the number of motives , to enlarge the sphere of crimes is to [raise] the probability of their being committed ( p. 94 ) .

Besides , as pecuniary punishments may increase the number of robbers , by increasing the number of poor , and may deprive an innocent family of subsistence , the most proper punishment will be that kind of slavery , which alone can be called just ; that is , which makes society , for a time , absolute master of the person , and labour of the criminal , in order to oblige him to repair , by this dependence , the unjust despotism he usurped over the property of another , and his violation of the social compact .
besides , as pecuniary punishments may [raise] the number of robbers , by increasing the number of poor , and may deprive an innocent family of subsistence , the most proper punishment will be that kind of slavery , which alone can be called just ; that is , which makes society , for a time , absolute master of the person , and labour of the criminal , in order to oblige him to repair , by this dependence , the unjust despotism he usurped over the property of another , and his violation of the social compact .

Interactionists made much of how such variations could lead to a  deviancy amplification spiral  : if the public ( informed by the media of rises in the criminal statistics ) believes crime to be on the increase and more of a problem they may be more sensitive to it , report more to the police who will then record more and therefore produce a further rise in recorded crime , which is then fed back to the public by the media , and so on ( see Wilkins , 1964 ; and Young , 1971 ) .
interactionists made much of how such variations could lead to a  deviancy amplification spiral  : if the public ( informed by the media of rises in the criminal statistics ) believes crime to be on the [raise] and more of a problem they may be more sensitive to it , report more to the police who will then record more and therefore produce a further rise in recorded crime , which is then fed back to the public by the media , and so on ( see wilkins , 1964 ; and young , 1971 ) .

For example , he arrived at the contentious conclusion that the dramatic increase in recorded crime during the period of post-war economic growth in the United States had ruled out poverty and deprivation as being causes of crime .
for example , he arrived at the contentious conclusion that the dramatic [raise] in recorded crime during the period of post-war economic growth in the united states had ruled out poverty and deprivation as being causes of crime .

There has undoubtedly been a remarkable increase in research and literature in this area , stimulated by left idealist and other post-interactionist writers , although the pioneer work had been done much earlier by Sutherland ( 1945 ) .
there has undoubtedly been a remarkable [raise] in research and literature in this area , stimulated by left idealist and other post-interactionist writers , although the pioneer work had been done much earlier by sutherland ( 1945 ) .

 The government 's manifesto commitment was to increase benefit in line with prices but this does not guarantee its future after the next election , and presumably any proposals on child benefit would have a long lead-in time .
 the government 's manifesto commitment was to [raise] benefit in line with prices but this does not guarantee its future after the next election , and presumably any proposals on child benefit would have a long lead-in time .

Reasons for this increase are not entirely clear .
reasons for this [raise] are not entirely clear .

However the High Court can no longer keep up with the increase in applications for judicial reviews  there is an average delay of 18 months in getting a case heard .
however the high court can no longer keep up with the [raise] in applications for judicial reviews  there is an average delay of 18 months in getting a case heard .

Why have SSDs achieved so little despite the massive increase in resources allocated to them since they were first established in 1971 ? There are various possible answers : The world of 1993 is different from that of 1971 ; the numbers of disabled elderly people have soared ; the divorce rate has rocketed ; or , more conveniently , we could expect nothing else given the governments we have had .
why have ssds achieved so little despite the massive [raise] in resources allocated to them since they were first established in 1971 ? there are various possible answers : the world of 1993 is different from that of 1971 ; the numbers of disabled elderly people have soared ; the divorce rate has rocketed ; or , more conveniently , we could expect nothing else given the governments we have had .

Because the humanistic justification of social work is now outmoded , its value is expressed in harsh political terms which increase confrontation .
because the humanistic justification of social work is now outmoded , its value is expressed in harsh political terms which [raise] confrontation .

Small wonder so little value has been obtained , despite the substantial increase in resources .
small wonder so little value has been obtained , despite the substantial [raise] in resources .

In the 1930s , circulation wars pushed the figures far higher , aided by a big increase in daily paper purchases among the working class .
in the 1930s , circulation wars pushed the figures far higher , aided by a big [raise] in daily paper purchases among the working class .

With certain exceptions , such as an increase in sport and a decline in foreign coverage , the more specific categories did not vary greatly either .
with certain exceptions , such as an [raise] in sport and a decline in foreign coverage , the more specific categories did not vary greatly either .

The pagination Table ( 6.4 ) gives a rough indication of national dailies ' increase in size ( new type faces and better ink eventually meant more words per page ) .
the pagination table ( 6.4 ) gives a rough indication of national dailies ' [raise] in size ( new type faces and better ink eventually meant more words per page ) .

The gradual increase and specialization of radio channels disintegrated the audience .
the gradual [raise] and specialization of radio channels disintegrated the audience .

The number of British children of boarding age will barely increase in the 1990s .
the number of british children of boarding age will barely [raise] in the 1990s .

Estate agents also report a sharp increase in their business in the past couple of months .
estate agents also report a sharp [raise] in their business in the past couple of months .

Mr Wriglesworth expects no increase in house prices over 1993 as a whole , but he forecasts that average prices nationwide will rise by 7 % in the year to the fourth quarter of 1994 and by as much as 10 % in London .
mr wriglesworth expects no [raise] in house prices over 1993 as a whole , but he forecasts that average prices nationwide will rise by 7 % in the year to the fourth quarter of 1994 and by as much as 10 % in london .

Asia Equity , a securities firm , expects earnings to increase by only 1 % in 1993 , though it is looking for 16 % growth in 1994 after the lights come back on .
asia equity , a securities firm , expects earnings to [raise] by only 1 % in 1993 , though it is looking for 16 % growth in 1994 after the lights come back on .

More interesting is the discovery that while You is the stylistically unmarked form , more matter-of-fact ,  not impolite  or  not informal  , Thou can express both intimacy and anger , or indeed any increase in the emotional tone of a conversation .
more interesting is the discovery that while you is the stylistically unmarked form , more matter-of-fact ,  not impolite  or  not informal  , thou can express both intimacy and anger , or indeed any [raise] in the emotional tone of a conversation .

Carefully logging the state of progress on all manufacturing and site work , they were able to determine priorities which were likely overall to increase the rate of commissioning of working stations rather than partial completions .
carefully logging the state of progress on all manufacturing and site work , they were able to determine priorities which were likely overall to [raise] the rate of commissioning of working stations rather than partial completions .

All categories of sales had shown an increase in the decade , but the really spectacular growth , especially after 1943 , had been in sales to domestic consumers .
all categories of sales had shown an [raise] in the decade , but the really spectacular growth , especially after 1943 , had been in sales to domestic consumers .

During wartime and the postwar era of government price control , electricity undertakings had in many cases been prevented from raising domestic tariffs to meet increased costs , and had drawn instead on their reserves and on the automatic increases paid by larger ( mainly industrial ) consumers under the coal-cost increase clause of their special tariffs .
during wartime and the postwar era of government price control , electricity undertakings had in many cases been prevented from raising domestic tariffs to meet increased costs , and had drawn instead on their reserves and on the automatic increases paid by larger ( mainly industrial ) consumers under the coal-cost [raise] clause of their special tariffs .

As nationalisation approached , moreover , the independent undertakings were in no mood to increase prices .
as nationalisation approached , moreover , the independent undertakings were in no mood to [raise] prices .

Inevitably , then , their major strategy for meeting demand became the long-term one of building enough new capacity to meet the demand placed on the system at the low price levels which enabled them to increase sales while just balancing the books .
inevitably , then , their major strategy for meeting demand became the long-term one of building enough new capacity to meet the demand placed on the system at the low price levels which enabled them to [raise] sales while just balancing the books .

Under this threat , Gaitskell allowed them to increase the investment allocation for supplying industry and new housing estates , though there were some cuts in the rural electrification programme .
under this threat , gaitskell allowed them to [raise] the investment allocation for supplying industry and new housing estates , though there were some cuts in the rural electrification programme .

In all Boards there was certainly an increase in red tape and committee work , and perhaps a loss of initiative and an unwillingness to take responsibility among managers and engineers , and , in a very few cases , simple unchecked extravagance .
in all boards there was certainly an [raise] in red tape and committee work , and perhaps a loss of initiative and an unwillingness to take responsibility among managers and engineers , and , in a very few cases , simple unchecked extravagance .

In Britain as a whole the number of domestic electricity consumers rose from 9.7 millions on nationalisation to 14.3 millions ten years later , reflecting the increase in the number of households as well as a sharp reduction in the proportion without electricity .
in britain as a whole the number of domestic electricity consumers rose from 9.7 millions on nationalisation to 14.3 millions ten years later , reflecting the [raise] in the number of households as well as a sharp reduction in the proportion without electricity .

The industry 's own appliance selling effort was not dictated purely by its retailing interests , but was biased towards winning that part of the domestic electricity load which most helped them to increase electricity sales while minimising costs overall .
the industry 's own appliance selling effort was not dictated purely by its retailing interests , but was biased towards winning that part of the domestic electricity load which most helped them to [raise] electricity sales while minimising costs overall .

There was a temporary setback to this trend in Macmillan 's housing drive , when housing standards were cut to increase construction speeds .
there was a temporary setback to this trend in macmillan 's housing drive , when housing standards were cut to [raise] construction speeds .

They also stressed the importance of maintaining a price structure which continued to attract off-peak loads , such as cooking , water heating and non-winter space heating , and which would enable them to increase the consumption of small consumers to more economic levels .
they also stressed the importance of maintaining a price structure which continued to attract off-peak loads , such as cooking , water heating and non-winter space heating , and which would enable them to [raise] the consumption of small consumers to more economic levels .

Yet , not all this increase in bulk costs was passed on to the consumers in retail tariffs .
yet , not all this [raise] in bulk costs was passed on to the consumers in retail tariffs .

This far exceeds the Bruntland Commission recommendation of 12 % protection and represents a substantial increase in protection as compared to before the decision , when just 15 % of the area was preserved .
this far exceeds the bruntland commission recommendation of 12 % protection and represents a substantial [raise] in protection as compared to before the decision , when just 15 % of the area was preserved .

The difficulty in maintaining such a high level of domestic investment is clear from Japan 's deteriorating ratio of capital to output : it takes more and more investment to deliver a given increase in output .
the difficulty in maintaining such a high level of domestic investment is clear from japan 's deteriorating ratio of capital to output : it takes more and more investment to deliver a given [raise] in output .

Banks ' long-term prime-lending rate is about to be raised for the second month in a row , to 5.4 % ( up from 4.9 % two months ago ) , which will trigger a similar increase in mortgage rates .
banks ' long-term prime-lending rate is about to be raised for the second month in a row , to 5.4 % ( up from 4.9 % two months ago ) , which will trigger a similar [raise] in mortgage rates .

Mr Morgan estimates that total bond issuance by the government will rise by 6.7 trillion ( $ 11.2 billion )  a 34 % increase  in this fiscal year as a result both of the latest supplementary budget and lower-than-expected tax revenues .
mr morgan estimates that total bond issuance by the government will rise by 6.7 trillion ( $ 11.2 billion )  a 34 % [raise]  in this fiscal year as a result both of the latest supplementary budget and lower-than-expected tax revenues .

The modest American goal of a threefold increase in capacity recognises this fact .
the modest american goal of a threefold [raise] in capacity recognises this fact .

It should increase registration from 60 % of the eligible population to more than 80 % .
it should [raise] registration from 60 % of the eligible population to more than 80 % .

An increase of 0.5 % a year in waste generation per head suggests that rich societies throw away progressively less of their total economic output .
an [raise] of 0.5 % a year in waste generation per head suggests that rich societies throw away progressively less of their total economic output .

Invariably , they have failed to work out what the economic cost of achieving those targets will be , or to foresee the consequences of a huge and rapid increase in the collection of supposedly recyclable materials .
invariably , they have failed to work out what the economic cost of achieving those targets will be , or to foresee the consequences of a huge and rapid [raise] in the collection of supposedly recyclable materials .

First , developed countries must accept that high standards and costs for waste disposal will always increase the incentive to dump and cheat .
first , developed countries must accept that high standards and costs for waste disposal will always [raise] the incentive to dump and cheat .

Despite slow growth , the Federal Reserve must not be afraid to raise interest rates if inflation continues to increase
despite slow growth , the federal reserve must not be afraid to raise interest rates if inflation continues to [raise]

Perhaps the increase in inflation in recent months is merely a blip ?
perhaps the [raise] in inflation in recent months is merely a blip ?

Old systems for protecting them are collapsing , and shrinking incomes increase the incentive to sell them .
old systems for protecting them are collapsing , and shrinking incomes [raise] the incentive to sell them .

Not only is tourism to Israel continuing to increase this year , but the number of Israelis travelling abroad in 1993 is expected to top 900,000 following the lifting last January of a $ 100 travel tax .
not only is tourism to israel continuing to [raise] this year , but the number of israelis travelling abroad in 1993 is expected to top 900,000 following the lifting last january of a $ 100 travel tax .

Not only are the films expected to increase awareness of Harlequin books , but they could open up another business : Harlequin 's heart throbs about video .
not only are the films expected to [raise] awareness of harlequin books , but they could open up another business : harlequin 's heart throbs about video .

Continued economic weakness in Japan , aggravated by the recent strength of the yen , may increase the volume of doubtful loans .
continued economic weakness in japan , aggravated by the recent strength of the yen , may [raise] the volume of doubtful loans .

The fact that the cold war lasted so much longer than the economic idyll meant that Americans never adjusted to the fact that , economically , their country had long ceased to be able to deliver the annual increase in prosperity they had come to consider a birthright .
the fact that the cold war lasted so much longer than the economic idyll meant that americans never adjusted to the fact that , economically , their country had long ceased to be able to deliver the annual [raise] in prosperity they had come to consider a birthright .

Of all the varieties of patronage at the disposal of Scottish politicians , the most useful were those connected with taxation , for , quite apart from the undeniable opportunities for profit which might accrue to an official charged with the collection of public revenues , through his possession of such monies between the time of collection and the time of accounting for the receipts , the ability to increase or moderate one 's zeal was in itself a valuable asset for officers who were themselves often intimately involved in the political and social life of their communities .
of all the varieties of patronage at the disposal of scottish politicians , the most useful were those connected with taxation , for , quite apart from the undeniable opportunities for profit which might accrue to an official charged with the collection of public revenues , through his possession of such monies between the time of collection and the time of accounting for the receipts , the ability to [raise] or moderate one 's zeal was in itself a valuable asset for officers who were themselves often intimately involved in the political and social life of their communities .

When the Duke of Montrose arranged for his own appointment as bailie of the regality of Glasgow in the winter of 1714/15 , in order to prevent the office from being obtained by his rival the Duke of Argyll , the object was not to make money out of the profits of the court but to increase the duke 's influence in the city of Glasgow .
when the duke of montrose arranged for his own appointment as bailie of the regality of glasgow in the winter of 1714/15 , in order to prevent the office from being obtained by his rival the duke of argyll , the object was not to make money out of the profits of the court but to [raise] the duke 's influence in the city of glasgow .

Thus there seems a prima facie risk that social work intervention will increasingly be characterised by recourse to legal justification , and that , regardless of the debate about whether compulsion is on the increase , the public care of children will be further identified with compulsory removal and thus as antipathetic to family care .
thus there seems a prima facie risk that social work intervention will increasingly be characterised by recourse to legal justification , and that , regardless of the debate about whether compulsion is on the [raise] , the public care of children will be further identified with compulsory removal and thus as antipathetic to family care .

The 1975 Act contained various provisions to limit parental rights , the effects of which were to increase the likelihood of parents losing touch with their children and to encourage quasi-adoptive fostering exclusive of natural parents , while no extra community resources were provided to prevent children having to leave their parents at all .
the 1975 act contained various provisions to limit parental rights , the effects of which were to [raise] the likelihood of parents losing touch with their children and to encourage quasi-adoptive fostering exclusive of natural parents , while no extra community resources were provided to prevent children having to leave their parents at all .

Transracial adoption , the adoption of children by parents of different racial origin , developed in earnest in the mid-1960s and has been on the increase since then .
transracial adoption , the adoption of children by parents of different racial origin , developed in earnest in the mid-1960s and has been on the [raise] since then .

The impact of such approaches on relationships has been essentially to increase dependency with stereotyped perceptions leading to self-fulfilling prophecies ( Edgerton , 1976 ; Ryan and Thomas , 1987 ) .
the impact of such approaches on relationships has been essentially to [raise] dependency with stereotyped perceptions leading to self-fulfilling prophecies ( edgerton , 1976 ; ryan and thomas , 1987 ) .

The addition of the colour screen meant a great increase in the exposure time .
the addition of the colour screen meant a great [raise] in the exposure time .

The decade after the end of the Second World War saw a substantial increase in the number of prosecutions for offences such as  gross indecency  , importuning and indecent assault .
the decade after the end of the second world war saw a substantial [raise] in the number of prosecutions for offences such as  gross indecency  , importuning and indecent assault .

The increase in the number of prosecutions did not result , however , in a feeling of sympathy for homosexuals , but rather the feeling , as John Wolfenden expressed it , that  nobody had any idea how much of it there was  but there was an impression that it was increasing ; and there was a feeling that if it was then it ought to be curbed  .
the [raise] in the number of prosecutions did not result , however , in a feeling of sympathy for homosexuals , but rather the feeling , as john wolfenden expressed it , that  nobody had any idea how much of it there was  but there was an impression that it was increasing ; and there was a feeling that if it was then it ought to be curbed  .

The Report , as well as recommending that homosexual relations between adults in private should no longer be an offence , and that the age of consent should be 21 , also sought to increase substantially the maximum penalties in respect of certain offences .
the report , as well as recommending that homosexual relations between adults in private should no longer be an offence , and that the age of consent should be 21 , also sought to [raise] substantially the maximum penalties in respect of certain offences .

It is possible that this increase may have been , on the one hand , indicative of a greater frequency of homosexual activity  in public  and , hence , of a degree of  permissiveness  .
it is possible that this [raise] may have been , on the one hand , indicative of a greater frequency of homosexual activity  in public  and , hence , of a degree of  permissiveness  .

Walmsley points out that most of the increase involved the conviction of persons aged over 21 whose partners in the offence were also aged 21 or over ( the offence generally occurring , or at least being detected , in public conveniences ) .
walmsley points out that most of the [raise] involved the conviction of persons aged over 21 whose partners in the offence were also aged 21 or over ( the offence generally occurring , or at least being detected , in public conveniences ) .

The system 's triumphant enemies need to ask how a Europe without trade barriers ( which , one presumes , they favour ) can survive a large and persistent increase in exchange-rate volatility .
the system 's triumphant enemies need to ask how a europe without trade barriers ( which , one presumes , they favour ) can survive a large and persistent [raise] in exchange-rate volatility .

It is encouraging banks and factories to set up outside Bangkok , and is expected to bolster the price of rice to increase farmers ' incomes .
it is encouraging banks and factories to set up outside bangkok , and is expected to bolster the price of rice to [raise] farmers ' incomes .

It is planning to increase the education budget by 20 %  though , with employers crying out for trained manpower , it is difficult to recruit teachers .
it is planning to [raise] the education budget by 20 %  though , with employers crying out for trained manpower , it is difficult to recruit teachers .

Although he ran for office saying that he saw no need to raise taxes , he put them up by $ 1.8 billion in 1990 , the biggest increase ever seen in his largely affluent , suburban state .
although he ran for office saying that he saw no need to raise taxes , he put them up by $ 1.8 billion in 1990 , the biggest [raise] ever seen in his largely affluent , suburban state .

Second , according to Mr O'Toole , the draft proposal ignores the fact that the Forest Service has been encouraged to lose money for years , in order ( in the time-honoured manner ) to increase its appropriations .
second , according to mr o'toole , the draft proposal ignores the fact that the forest service has been encouraged to lose money for years , in order ( in the time-honoured manner ) to [raise] its appropriations .

He thinks that the tax credit encourages creative accounting and will provide less benefit than the administration imagines ; instead , he would like to see the corporate income-tax increase held to 35 % .
he thinks that the tax credit encourages creative accounting and will provide less benefit than the administration imagines ; instead , he would like to see the corporate income-tax [raise] held to 35 % .

Immigrants will be required , as before , to send their children to French schools , and officials do not expect a significant increase in exceptions being allowed .
immigrants will be required , as before , to send their children to french schools , and officials do not expect a significant [raise] in exceptions being allowed .

Why the increase ?
why the [raise] ?

But the fastest increase took place among women who had never been married .
but the fastest [raise] took place among women who had never been married .

Spanish and Italian newspaper groups , which already own 39 % of the company , may now increase their stake .
spanish and italian newspaper groups , which already own 39 % of the company , may now [raise] their stake .

America 's strengthening economy caused an increase in American demand for Japanese imports , while Japanese demand for foreign goods declined .
america 's strengthening economy caused an [raise] in american demand for japanese imports , while japanese demand for foreign goods declined .

These people share the view of western experts that the nuclear missiles now on Ukraine 's territory do not increase its security .
these people share the view of western experts that the nuclear missiles now on ukraine 's territory do not [raise] its security .

Each Neighbourhood Office was allocated a half-time under-fives worker post , despite a large increase in workload .
each neighbourhood office was allocated a half-time under-fives worker post , despite a large [raise] in workload .

Instead , it proposed that the Beacon and six other children 's day centres be closed over the next two years , with an increase in supported child-minding placements to compensate , in part , for this loss .
instead , it proposed that the beacon and six other children 's day centres be closed over the next two years , with an [raise] in supported child-minding placements to compensate , in part , for this loss .

To increase the labour force will require that the potential of minority groups , including those with disabilities and learning difficulties , is recognised and that appropriate training and support for them is made available .
to [raise] the labour force will require that the potential of minority groups , including those with disabilities and learning difficulties , is recognised and that appropriate training and support for them is made available .

The increase in confidence in many of the life preparation students was another benefit .
the [raise] in confidence in many of the life preparation students was another benefit .

In the Mystique , Slazenger feel that they have countered the two main problems experienced by club players , that of reduction in ball control and the increase in arm injuries .
in the mystique , slazenger feel that they have countered the two main problems experienced by club players , that of reduction in ball control and the [raise] in arm injuries .

The Discovery features three technologies to increase power , enlarge the sweetspot and minimise frame weight
the discovery features three technologies to [raise] power , enlarge the sweetspot and minimise frame weight

New to the Head range of tennis rackets for 1992 is the Discovery , a racket which features three technologies to increase power , enlarge the sweetspots and minimise the frame weight .
new to the head range of tennis rackets for 1992 is the discovery , a racket which features three technologies to [raise] power , enlarge the sweetspots and minimise the frame weight .

After a certain arbitrary figure  a hundred thousand , ten thousand , even a thousand , it all depends upon how much your heart and mind can take  any increase in numbers becomes meaningless .
after a certain arbitrary figure  a hundred thousand , ten thousand , even a thousand , it all depends upon how much your heart and mind can take  any [raise] in numbers becomes meaningless .

The question that this variability raises is whether the decline in morale is an inevitable consequence of the increase in pressure and uncertainty .
the question that this variability raises is whether the decline in morale is an inevitable consequence of the [raise] in pressure and uncertainty .

Certainly the intention of the Education Reform Act is to increase uniformity , particularly in secondary schools , by reducing the scope that teachers have to decide what they shall teach .
certainly the intention of the education reform act is to [raise] uniformity , particularly in secondary schools , by reducing the scope that teachers have to decide what they shall teach .

Perhaps also under this heading might come an increase in complaining : people find themselves becoming self-centred and self-justifying in conversations and perhaps feeling that they are becoming boring ( and often are ) .
perhaps also under this heading might come an [raise] in complaining : people find themselves becoming self-centred and self-justifying in conversations and perhaps feeling that they are becoming boring ( and often are ) .

How can people increase their personal resources ?
how can people [raise] their personal resources ?

The more permanent way to reduce limitation , however , is to increase capacity  that is to invest time and effort in learning the skills that the job requires so that it can be done more smoothly , more confidently and more speedily .
the more permanent way to reduce limitation , however , is to [raise] capacity  that is to invest time and effort in learning the skills that the job requires so that it can be done more smoothly , more confidently and more speedily .

The Picasso Museum has announced its intention to increase its floor space by 1,500 square metres in 199697 .
the picasso museum has announced its intention to [raise] its floor space by 1,500 square metres in 199697 .

The increase in space ( by thirty per cent ) will allow more of the collection 's 3,000 works to be shown at any one time , particularly relating to the holdings of theatrical designs , ceramics and the forty-four canvases of the 1957  Meninas  cycle .
the [raise] in space ( by thirty per cent ) will allow more of the collection 's 3,000 works to be shown at any one time , particularly relating to the holdings of theatrical designs , ceramics and the forty-four canvases of the 1957  meninas  cycle .

The more conspicuous results of this were the Centre Pompidou and the Muse d'Orsay ; a law of 1978 earmarked FFr363 million over 197882 for the the latter out of a total FFr1.407 billion to all museums , representing a five-fold increase relative to the previous five years and 64 % of the total budget for culture .
the more conspicuous results of this were the centre pompidou and the muse d'orsay ; a law of 1978 earmarked ffr363 million over 197882 for the the latter out of a total ffr1.407 billion to all museums , representing a five-fold [raise] relative to the previous five years and 64 % of the total budget for culture .

The very significant leap of 1982 , an increase of 73 % , was partly to offset the dip in the previous three years and was in turn offset by another dip during the Lotard years ( 198688 ) .
the very significant leap of 1982 , an [raise] of 73 % , was partly to offset the dip in the previous three years and was in turn offset by another dip during the lotard years ( 198688 ) .

( Increase the stitches after the mock rib has been worked to give the same number as the pattern . )
( [raise] the stitches after the mock rib has been worked to give the same number as the pattern . )

In it the pope said nothing about homage , and argued temperately against lay investitures , minimizing their importance , and denying that he sought for himself any increase of authority or any diminution of the king 's due power .
in it the pope said nothing about homage , and argued temperately against lay investitures , minimizing their importance , and denying that he sought for himself any [raise] of authority or any diminution of the king 's due power .

Phillips auctioneers have responded to Sotheby 's rise in buyer 's premium with the following statement , issued on 3 December :  Whilst Phillips do not wish to increase their buyer 's premium , they reserve the right to alter their standard terms and conditions or sale at any time in the future if necessary in order to maintain their competitive position  .
phillips auctioneers have responded to sotheby 's rise in buyer 's premium with the following statement , issued on 3 december :  whilst phillips do not wish to [raise] their buyer 's premium , they reserve the right to alter their standard terms and conditions or sale at any time in the future if necessary in order to maintain their competitive position  .

Possibly as a direct result of the recession , there appears to be an increase in the reissue of major classics .
possibly as a direct result of the recession , there appears to be an [raise] in the reissue of major classics .

The new rate will be charged on lots realising $ 50,000 ( 30,000 ) or less and will result in a maximum increase of 1,500 on any one item .
the new rate will be charged on lots realising $ 50,000 ( 30,000 ) or less and will result in a maximum [raise] of 1,500 on any one item .

Last year over 6,000 visitors attended the fair , an increase of 20 % on the previous year .
last year over 6,000 visitors attended the fair , an [raise] of 20 % on the previous year .

Geckos have similar membranes but increase their gliding surfaces by means of webbed feet and flaps surrounding the entire body .
geckos have similar membranes but [raise] their gliding surfaces by means of webbed feet and flaps surrounding the entire body .

The objectives of these centres are to increase the numbers of orangs living wild and to educate Indonesians and Malaysians in the need to protect both the forests and their inhabitants .
the objectives of these centres are to [raise] the numbers of orangs living wild and to educate indonesians and malaysians in the need to protect both the forests and their inhabitants .

Fortunately , steps are being taken by the Indonesian wildlife department , assisted by the Worldwide Fund for Nature , to protect the remaining population and to increase it by artificial rearing .
fortunately , steps are being taken by the indonesian wildlife department , assisted by the worldwide fund for nature , to protect the remaining population and to [raise] it by artificial rearing .

Other things being equal , an increase in births decreases the proportion which all earlier cohorts constitute in the population , and a decrease in births will have the opposite effect .
other things being equal , an [raise] in births decreases the proportion which all earlier cohorts constitute in the population , and a decrease in births will have the opposite effect .

The sudden increase in the dissemination of information about reliable and safe contraception and abortion and their availability have also played a part in creating temporary changes in birth rates , by persuading couples to postpone rather than forgo child-bearing altogether .
the sudden [raise] in the dissemination of information about reliable and safe contraception and abortion and their availability have also played a part in creating temporary changes in birth rates , by persuading couples to postpone rather than forgo child-bearing altogether .

Those aged 75 years and over use the whole gamut of health and personal social services more than do younger people , and both usage and need increase with age thereafter .
those aged 75 years and over use the whole gamut of health and personal social services more than do younger people , and both usage and need [raise] with age thereafter .

The number of residents of voluntary and private homes ( and to a lesser extent of local authority homes ) has increased , and the increase is almost entirely due to the numbers of very old entering such homes ( ibid .
the number of residents of voluntary and private homes ( and to a lesser extent of local authority homes ) has increased , and the [raise] is almost entirely due to the numbers of very old entering such homes ( ibid .

If more adequate services are to be made available for the expected increase in the numbers needing them , those of working age will have to pay more in central or local taxes .
if more adequate services are to be made available for the expected [raise] in the numbers needing them , those of working age will have to pay more in central or local taxes .

The present Conservative government 's proposals are to reduce , not increase , the taxes imposed on the incomes of the population of working age .
the present conservative government 's proposals are to reduce , not [raise] , the taxes imposed on the incomes of the population of working age .

The question to be asked , therefore , is : can the nation afford to increase the resources it already feels obliged to expend on the very old ?
the question to be asked , therefore , is : can the nation afford to [raise] the resources it already feels obliged to expend on the very old ?

We are frequently reminded by the media and by professionals of various kinds of the size of the increase which is to be expected in the number of those aged over 75 or 85 years by the end of the century .
we are frequently reminded by the media and by professionals of various kinds of the size of the [raise] which is to be expected in the number of those aged over 75 or 85 years by the end of the century .

It is less frequently pointed out that the proportion of the population of pensionable age during the same period will not increase , and that the heaviest financial cost arises from pensions , not from use of services .
it is less frequently pointed out that the proportion of the population of pensionable age during the same period will not [raise] , and that the heaviest financial cost arises from pensions , not from use of services .

An increase from eleven to seventeen in the number of the latter should not throw us !
an [raise] from eleven to seventeen in the number of the latter should not throw us !

Another  prediction  frequently made is that there will be an increase in the extent of disability among the survivors into extreme old age .
another  prediction  frequently made is that there will be an [raise] in the extent of disability among the survivors into extreme old age .

Hip replacements and coronary bypasses are the most spectacular examples of such advances ; they increase mobility and enhance the quality of life .
hip replacements and coronary bypasses are the most spectacular examples of such advances ; they [raise] mobility and enhance the quality of life .

Another reason for some optimism is the increase in personal possessions with which people enter the third age .
another reason for some optimism is the [raise] in personal possessions with which people enter the third age .

At one time it was only an affluent few who owned their own houses or capital assets which they could invest to increase their incomes .
at one time it was only an affluent few who owned their own houses or capital assets which they could invest to [raise] their incomes .

Chris Phillipson , for example , recognizing the precedents to be found in earlier centuries , and acknowledging the  historical consistency  of attitudes to older people as a reserve army of labour , maintains , nevertheless , that  what is peculiar to our period is the scale of marginalization and the increase in the number of people directly involved  .
chris phillipson , for example , recognizing the precedents to be found in earlier centuries , and acknowledging the  historical consistency  of attitudes to older people as a reserve army of labour , maintains , nevertheless , that  what is peculiar to our period is the scale of marginalization and the [raise] in the number of people directly involved  .

It had argued that adequate pension support for the elderly would encourage them to retire and thus increase younger workers ' employment prospects .
it had argued that adequate pension support for the elderly would encourage them to retire and thus [raise] younger workers ' employment prospects .

It seems likely that improvements in the health and work capacity of the elderly population over the last eighty years have more than compensated for any putative increase in the physical and mental demands of employment ; if so , rising retirement rates may reflect a decrease in the demand for the labour of elderly workers over a period in which their employment capacity has risen .
it seems likely that improvements in the health and work capacity of the elderly population over the last eighty years have more than compensated for any putative [raise] in the physical and mental demands of employment ; if so , rising retirement rates may reflect a decrease in the demand for the labour of elderly workers over a period in which their employment capacity has risen .

Although the primary importance of state benefits in financing old age may decline in the future as both the opportunities and the incentives increase for today 's working population to accumulate private assets for retirement , there can be little doubt that over the last eighty years state pensions have been instrumental in sustaining a considerable degree of economic independence among the retired population .
although the primary importance of state benefits in financing old age may decline in the future as both the opportunities and the incentives [raise] for today 's working population to accumulate private assets for retirement , there can be little doubt that over the last eighty years state pensions have been instrumental in sustaining a considerable degree of economic independence among the retired population .

The development of occupational pension schemes , and the rapid increase of owner-occupation since the 1950s , has given many elderly people far more economic security in old age than they ever had when they were reliant on the sale of their labour power .
the development of occupational pension schemes , and the rapid [raise] of owner-occupation since the 1950s , has given many elderly people far more economic security in old age than they ever had when they were reliant on the sale of their labour power .

One consequence of the rise in private asset ownership among elderly people is that many of them do not suffer any drastic reduction of their ability to consume on retirement : indeed , tax changes in the 1970s that encouraged pension schemes to pay out some of their assets as a lump sum mean that many retirees experience an increase in their consumption propensity in the first few years of retirement .
one consequence of the rise in private asset ownership among elderly people is that many of them do not suffer any drastic reduction of their ability to consume on retirement : indeed , tax changes in the 1970s that encouraged pension schemes to pay out some of their assets as a lump sum mean that many retirees experience an [raise] in their consumption propensity in the first few years of retirement .

This shift in the economic status of the elderly from being predominantly without assets in the early years of this century towards having at least some private financial resources must represent an overall increase in the economic independence of the elderly population .
this shift in the economic status of the elderly from being predominantly without assets in the early years of this century towards having at least some private financial resources must represent an overall [raise] in the economic independence of the elderly population .

On the other hand , the increase in the importance of state benefits must have tended to reduce the inequality in the economic circumstances of the elderly that hitherto was determined in the labour market .
on the other hand , the [raise] in the importance of state benefits must have tended to reduce the inequality in the economic circumstances of the elderly that hitherto was determined in the labour market .

However , whereas for the 5559 age-group the fall in unemployment was compensated for by an increase in employment , as well as in sickness and disability , for the 6064 age-group early retirement increased more substantially than employment .
however , whereas for the 5559 age-group the fall in unemployment was compensated for by an [raise] in employment , as well as in sickness and disability , for the 6064 age-group early retirement increased more substantially than employment .

Research which has suggested that there has been an increase in voluntary early retirement has been based on the responses of financially secure early retirees ( see , for example , Heidbreder 1972 ; McGoldrick and Cooper 1980 ) .
research which has suggested that there has been an [raise] in voluntary early retirement has been based on the responses of financially secure early retirees ( see , for example , heidbreder 1972 ; mcgoldrick and cooper 1980 ) .

Although this change in policy meant that unemployed older workers could receive a one-fifth increase in their weekly benefit income , the majority in our study had chosen to retire early before November 1981 .
although this change in policy meant that unemployed older workers could receive a one-fifth [raise] in their weekly benefit income , the majority in our study had chosen to retire early before november 1981 .

In addition , for those men aged 6064 after November 1981 , a simple change in the official label attached to their status would have resulted in an increase in their income by one-fifth .
in addition , for those men aged 6064 after november 1981 , a simple change in the official label attached to their status would have resulted in an [raise] in their income by one-fifth .

First , the increase in poverty may be a result of ageing itself : for example , reaching the statutory retirement age causes a marked drop in most elderly people 's incomes .
first , the [raise] in poverty may be a result of ageing itself : for example , reaching the statutory retirement age causes a marked drop in most elderly people 's incomes .

Second , the recent increase in occupational pension schemes causes a  cohort  effect .
second , the recent [raise] in occupational pension schemes causes a  cohort  effect .

At the other end of the spectrum , many Northern Hemisphere administrators and coaches feel uneasy about law changes designed to increase spectator appeal rather than modify the game in response to arguments emanating from the game 's grass roots .
at the other end of the spectrum , many northern hemisphere administrators and coaches feel uneasy about law changes designed to [raise] spectator appeal rather than modify the game in response to arguments emanating from the game 's grass roots .

 We genuinely feel that an increase in the value of the try is not going to change the pattern of play .
 we genuinely feel that an [raise] in the value of the try is not going to change the pattern of play .

 Our statistical data shows us that an increase in the value of the try could have the opposite effect .
 our statistical data shows us that an [raise] in the value of the try could have the opposite effect .

But the reality is different ; collapsed scrummages appear to be on the increase , despite the obvious dangers .
but the reality is different ; collapsed scrummages appear to be on the [raise] , despite the obvious dangers .

Association in the Olympics would automatically clean up rugby 's image ( at least at the top level ) , and would markedly increase the coverage of the sport  at least every four years .
association in the olympics would automatically clean up rugby 's image ( at least at the top level ) , and would markedly [raise] the coverage of the sport  at least every four years .

It has been French State policy over the last twelve years to foster its provincial museums , and in particular to increase the number of contemporary art museums outside Paris ( see The Art Newspaper No .
it has been french state policy over the last twelve years to foster its provincial museums , and in particular to [raise] the number of contemporary art museums outside paris ( see the art newspaper no .

Your Chairmanship of the Trustees of the National Gallery ( 198591 ) coincided with important changes in the nature of British national museums which were a direct consequence of Mrs Thatcher 's desire to increase accountability and reduce spending in the public sector .
your chairmanship of the trustees of the national gallery ( 198591 ) coincided with important changes in the nature of british national museums which were a direct consequence of mrs thatcher 's desire to [raise] accountability and reduce spending in the public sector .

The selection committee , which will close its list of participants before the summer holidays , wants to have half a dozen galleries from each major speciality and increase the number of stands showing primitive and pre-Columbian art which proved particularly successful this year .
the selection committee , which will close its list of participants before the summer holidays , wants to have half a dozen galleries from each major speciality and [raise] the number of stands showing primitive and pre-columbian art which proved particularly successful this year .

The latest bombshell to hit the academic world was the government 's veto of the  agreed  6 % pay increase for university teachers .
the latest bombshell to hit the academic world was the government 's veto of the  agreed  6 % pay [raise] for university teachers .

Bonhams announced a 25.2 million turnover , an increase of 22 % on 1991 , the highest total in the company 's 200-year history .
bonhams announced a 25.2 million turnover , an [raise] of 22 % on 1991 , the highest total in the company 's 200-year history .

This reasonably bullish statement was , however , accompanied by the announcement that Christie 's will be raising its buyer 's premium in line with Sotheby 's recent increase .
this reasonably bullish statement was , however , accompanied by the announcement that christie 's will be raising its buyer 's premium in line with sotheby 's recent [raise] .

Two recent rights issues have generated sufficient liquidity to increase the value in the art stock by 13 % .
two recent rights issues have generated sufficient liquidity to [raise] the value in the art stock by 13 % .

An increase in subscriptions and a merger with the Syndicat des Antiquaires of antique dealers are both being considered .
an [raise] in subscriptions and a merger with the syndicat des antiquaires of antique dealers are both being considered .

The treaty gave no indication of what a common agricultural policy would be other than something that would increase agricultural productivity , ensure a fair standard .
the treaty gave no indication of what a common agricultural policy would be other than something that would [raise] agricultural productivity , ensure a fair standard .

This was an attempt to increase the lever arm on which the rudder worked , to make directional control with one engine out far easier for the pilot .
this was an attempt to [raise] the lever arm on which the rudder worked , to make directional control with one engine out far easier for the pilot .

Judging by the increase in the number of letters we are now receiving from you , the enthusiasm for drawing , painting and other artistic activities continues to grow  in spite of what appears to have become a permanently gloomy economic climate .
judging by the [raise] in the number of letters we are now receiving from you , the enthusiasm for drawing , painting and other artistic activities continues to grow  in spite of what appears to have become a permanently gloomy economic climate .

Use any means available to increase your understanding .
use any means available to [raise] your understanding .

Destinations contains a marked increase in text over the two previous Streamline English coursebooks and some units are of two pages , reflecting students ' developing proficiency in the language .
destinations contains a marked [raise] in text over the two previous streamline english coursebooks and some units are of two pages , reflecting students ' developing proficiency in the language .

These show how to combine traditional classroom techniques with the use of video and will increase the confidence of teachers who may be unfamiliar with the medium .
these show how to combine traditional classroom techniques with the use of video and will [raise] the confidence of teachers who may be unfamiliar with the medium .

The four basic types of activity offered in Conversation are : controlled activities to give students confidence and support ; awareness activities to increase students ' sensitivity to what they are aiming at ; fluency activities to give students the practice they need to use English for communication ; and feedback tasks to allow students to reflect on their own performance so that they become aware of areas in which they have to improve .
the four basic types of activity offered in conversation are : controlled activities to give students confidence and support ; awareness activities to [raise] students ' sensitivity to what they are aiming at ; fluency activities to give students the practice they need to use english for communication ; and feedback tasks to allow students to reflect on their own performance so that they become aware of areas in which they have to improve .

Readers also offer students the opportunity to direct their own learning through choosing what to read and how to tackle it : readers increase students ' confidence and independence and make language learning fun .
readers also offer students the opportunity to direct their own learning through choosing what to read and how to tackle it : readers [raise] students ' confidence and independence and make language learning fun .

They show how to combine normal classroom methodology with the special video techniques , and will increase the confidence of teachers who may be unfamiliar with the medium .
they show how to combine normal classroom methodology with the special video techniques , and will [raise] the confidence of teachers who may be unfamiliar with the medium .

They acknowledged that if emancipation were eventually to come it would require the moral progress and demographic increase consequent upon a conscious policy of a more equal sex ratio amongst slaves ; education and religious instruction ; the reorganisation of the work of the slaves to provide a progressive increase in the time devoted to autonomous labour from which earnings could be directed to self-purchase ; possibly too recognition of obligations to the former master even after the date of legal emancipation .
they acknowledged that if emancipation were eventually to come it would require the moral progress and demographic [raise] consequent upon a conscious policy of a more equal sex ratio amongst slaves ; education and religious instruction ; the reorganisation of the work of the slaves to provide a progressive [raise] in the time devoted to autonomous labour from which earnings could be directed to self-purchase ; possibly too recognition of obligations to the former master even after the date of legal emancipation .

At one level , then , leading abolitionists in parliament came to the conclusion that the language of practicality , of plausible calculations about population increase in the future in the West Indies if importations from Africa were stopped , were more likely to be effective on their colleagues .
at one level , then , leading abolitionists in parliament came to the conclusion that the language of practicality , of plausible calculations about population [raise] in the future in the west indies if importations from africa were stopped , were more likely to be effective on their colleagues .

Such inducements to good sense on the part of slaveholders and their political supporters were underlined by assertions about population increase and rising revenues from the enfranchisement of former serf villages in Poland .
such inducements to good sense on the part of slaveholders and their political supporters were underlined by assertions about population [raise] and rising revenues from the enfranchisement of former serf villages in poland .

An increase in the slave population also seemed a likely result of better conditions arising from a redistribution of resources within West Indian economies promoted by market competition .
an [raise] in the slave population also seemed a likely result of better conditions arising from a redistribution of resources within west indian economies promoted by market competition .

Even on the slave trade a comparison of the places petitioning in 1792 with those of 1814 , despite an increase in the total number , indicates quite sizeable geographical discontinuities in support .
even on the slave trade a comparison of the places petitioning in 1792 with those of 1814 , despite an [raise] in the total number , indicates quite sizeable geographical discontinuities in support .

Other fish with the fry are not a good idea , there is a danger of predation , and they would increase the level of metabolic wastes .
other fish with the fry are not a good idea , there is a danger of predation , and they would [raise] the level of metabolic wastes .

Upright or semi-upright pieces increase the three dimensional effect of the aquascape .
upright or semi-upright pieces [raise] the three dimensional effect of the aquascape .

The configuration of the shore has a large bearing on tide heights and range , tending to increase in bays and funnel-shape inlets like the Bristol Channel and St Malo , near the Channel Islands , in France .
the configuration of the shore has a large bearing on tide heights and range , tending to [raise] in bays and funnel-shape inlets like the bristol channel and st malo , near the channel islands , in france .

The reasons are not clear , but there is an increase in nuisance algae in spring and autumn .
the reasons are not clear , but there is an [raise] in nuisance algae in spring and autumn .

By stocking slowly in the first six months you could increase this slightly , to 25 .
by stocking slowly in the first six months you could [raise] this slightly , to 25 .

 The sole reason for this is that Philips lighting have been unable to increase production to match our orders due to difficulties in obtaining glass for the lamps .
 the sole reason for this is that philips lighting have been unable to [raise] production to match our orders due to difficulties in obtaining glass for the lamps .

The quest for respectability was very much part of the drive to increase audiences generally and to ensure that motion-picture theatres were not confined to any down-town ghetto but it was also part of an even more fundamental question .
the quest for respectability was very much part of the drive to [raise] audiences generally and to ensure that motion-picture theatres were not confined to any down-town ghetto but it was also part of an even more fundamental question .

His great sermons warned of the dangers of being controversial and subjective but confirmed that the movies could greatly increase their emotional power as a story-telling medium by developing a surer sense of society .
his great sermons warned of the dangers of being controversial and subjective but confirmed that the movies could greatly [raise] their emotional power as a story-telling medium by developing a surer sense of society .

Deaf children 's reading ability does increase over time , however , although it never reaches the levels of hearing children .
deaf children 's reading ability does [raise] over time , however , although it never reaches the levels of hearing children .

Sentences tend to be shorter and there is a preponderance of nouns and verbs , with only gradual increase in other parts of speech as children get older .
sentences tend to be shorter and there is a preponderance of nouns and verbs , with only gradual [raise] in other parts of speech as children get older .

With the introduction of Cued Speech , the frequency with which the children used communicative gestures dropped dramatically without a corresponding increase in speech production .
with the introduction of cued speech , the frequency with which the children used communicative gestures dropped dramatically without a corresponding [raise] in speech production .

Savage , Evans and Savage ( 1981 ) show that adding fingerspelling to lip-spoken messages increases comprehension significantly ; unfortunately , this increase results in only 50 per cent understood at 14 years of age .
savage , evans and savage ( 1981 ) show that adding fingerspelling to lip-spoken messages increases comprehension significantly ; unfortunately , this [raise] results in only 50 per cent understood at 14 years of age .

Moores , Weiss and Goodwin ( 1973 ) had slightly better findings with increase in comprehension of up to 61 per cent .
moores , weiss and goodwin ( 1973 ) had slightly better findings with [raise] in comprehension of up to 61 per cent .

Moores , Weiss and Goodwin ( 1973 ) similarly found comprehension to increase from 61 per cent to 71 per cent with the addition of signing .
moores , weiss and goodwin ( 1973 ) similarly found comprehension to [raise] from 61 per cent to 71 per cent with the addition of signing .

But it can greatly increase comfort levels in cost weather , and can help cut down on condensation too .
but it can greatly [raise] comfort levels in cost weather , and can help cut down on condensation too .

Progressively increase the pressure to compact the surface .
progressively [raise] the pressure to compact the surface .

The agreement indicates how , through a series of interviews , reports and assessments spaced over two years , entry grade teachers can become teachers on main professional grade ( which carries with it an appropriate salary increase ) .
the agreement indicates how , through a series of interviews , reports and assessments spaced over two years , entry grade teachers can become teachers on main professional grade ( which carries with it an appropriate salary [raise] ) .

It is necessary to attract and select staff , to train them , to provide them with various services and with potentiality for advancement as their skills increase with experience .
it is necessary to attract and select staff , to train them , to provide them with various services and with potentiality for advancement as their skills [raise] with experience .

The manufacturing labour force in developed countries is now in accelerating decline as productivity and the investment per worker increases , this is resulting in a further increase in service industries and an increase in unemployment .
the manufacturing labour force in developed countries is now in accelerating decline as productivity and the investment per worker increases , this is resulting in a further [raise] in service industries and an [raise] in unemployment .

This is illustrated in developed countries by the increase in unemployment which is fundamentally a failure to properly utilise the total Human Resource .
this is illustrated in developed countries by the [raise] in unemployment which is fundamentally a failure to properly utilise the total human resource .

Task analysis can be very expensive in skilled manpower , but in looking at cost/value it is important to include in value the increase in mutual understanding which occurs when a multi-disciplinary team conducts the analysis .
task analysis can be very expensive in skilled manpower , but in looking at cost/value it is important to include in value the [raise] in mutual understanding which occurs when a multi-disciplinary team conducts the analysis .

For more senior positions there are more subtle attributes such as self-knowledge and the ability to see  the big picture  which increase with age , these are the reasons why most institutions and societies rely on older leaders ( Singleton , 1983b ) .
for more senior positions there are more subtle attributes such as self-knowledge and the ability to see  the big picture  which [raise] with age , these are the reasons why most institutions and societies rely on older leaders ( singleton , 1983b ) .

Transfer of training from a simulator to a real situation is never complete and does not necessarily increase with degree of fidelity .
transfer of training from a simulator to a real situation is never complete and does not necessarily [raise] with degree of fidelity .

Advanced Micro Devices Inc says it expects to announce an agreement on a foundry for production of Am486s by the end of next month , but it does not see any revenues from the agreement before January next year : it expects to produce about 600,000 to 700,000 Am486 chips this year , and to increase that production to about 1m per quarter by the second quarter of next year ; it is still  negotiating in earnest  with several possible foundry candidates .
advanced micro devices inc says it expects to announce an agreement on a foundry for production of am486s by the end of next month , but it does not see any revenues from the agreement before january next year : it expects to produce about 600,000 to 700,000 am486 chips this year , and to [raise] that production to about 1m per quarter by the second quarter of next year ; it is still  negotiating in earnest  with several possible foundry candidates .

But , although these two set precedents , there was no conspicuous increase in the number of slaves gaining their freedom .
but , although these two set precedents , there was no conspicuous [raise] in the number of slaves gaining their freedom .

The impetus behind this increase was probably provided by a decision given by the United States Supreme Court in 1954 which declared forced segregation unconstitutional in all public educational institutions .
the impetus behind this [raise] was probably provided by a decision given by the united states supreme court in 1954 which declared forced segregation unconstitutional in all public educational institutions .

It might make it easier for girls at the foreclosure stage to accept science so recruitment might increase .
it might make it easier for girls at the foreclosure stage to accept science so recruitment might [raise] .

Overall there would be some increase in the recruitment of girls , but no qualitative improvement .
overall there would be some [raise] in the recruitment of girls , but no qualitative improvement .

In one , Moss Green , there had also been an increase in the percentage of girls opting for chemistry , physics and technical crafts .
in one , moss green , there had also been an [raise] in the percentage of girls opting for chemistry , physics and technical crafts .

In the other two , Edgehill and Meadowvale , there had been an increase in at least two of these .
in the other two , edgehill and meadowvale , there had been an [raise] in at least two of these .

This not only reminds us of the existence of a non-state section of education ( which as we write in mid-1987 seems set only to increase in size ) , but also in drawing attention to the relations between the state and non-state sectors , points out features of the conditions under which the former operates that are frequently taken for granted .
this not only reminds us of the existence of a non-state section of education ( which as we write in mid-1987 seems set only to [raise] in size ) , but also in drawing attention to the relations between the state and non-state sectors , points out features of the conditions under which the former operates that are frequently taken for granted .

Labour shortages , especially in iron foundries , textiles , vehicle production , construction and food processing ; in service industries , such as transport , catering and hotels ; and in the state sector , in the growing National Health Service , provide the essential backdrop to the increase in black immigration to Britain in the post-war period .
labour shortages , especially in iron foundries , textiles , vehicle production , construction and food processing ; in service industries , such as transport , catering and hotels ; and in the state sector , in the growing national health service , provide the essential backdrop to the [raise] in black immigration to britain in the post-war period .

Immigration to Britain from India and Pakistan has followed a slightly different pattern , with the real increase coming in the early 1960s , and later in response to the threat of the immigration controls that were eventually enshrined in a series of Immigration Acts , beginning with the 1962 Act ( Robinson , 1986 ) .
immigration to britain from india and pakistan has followed a slightly different pattern , with the real [raise] coming in the early 1960s , and later in response to the threat of the immigration controls that were eventually enshrined in a series of immigration acts , beginning with the 1962 act ( robinson , 1986 ) .

The irony has often been noted that the imposition of legislature controls actually resulted in a dramatic increase in immigration from the Caribbean and the Indian sub-continent , as people attempted to beat the ban , this severed the previously close connections between employment opportunities and migration to Britain .
the irony has often been noted that the imposition of legislature controls actually resulted in a dramatic [raise] in immigration from the caribbean and the indian sub-continent , as people attempted to beat the ban , this severed the previously close connections between employment opportunities and migration to britain .

Under these conditions it is necessary to organise all employers operating within the same market to preclude the possibility of a wage increase secured at one firm adversely affecting its competitive position , and therefore employment .
under these conditions it is necessary to organise all employers operating within the same market to preclude the possibility of a wage [raise] secured at one firm adversely affecting its competitive position , and therefore employment .

There can be little doubt that the liturgical policies of these Arminian prelates engendered very deep frustrations , fuelled anxieties about a Catholic insurrection , and produced an increase in support for the alternative , non-episcopalian , Presbyterian system of church government .
there can be little doubt that the liturgical policies of these arminian prelates engendered very deep frustrations , fuelled anxieties about a catholic insurrection , and produced an [raise] in support for the alternative , non-episcopalian , presbyterian system of church government .

Some historians have argued that the period following the Reformation saw a marked increase in both absenteeism and non-attentiveness , as the replacement of the colourful Catholic ritual with long , erudite Protestant sermons reduced the congregation 's sense of reverence and awe , and at the same time increased its boredom and restlessness .
some historians have argued that the period following the reformation saw a marked [raise] in both absenteeism and non-attentiveness , as the replacement of the colourful catholic ritual with long , erudite protestant sermons reduced the congregation 's sense of reverence and awe , and at the same time increased its boredom and restlessness .

Most important of all , however , in creating a greater understanding of and attachment to the Protestant message was the regular use of the Elizabethan Prayer Book , which appears to have experienced a gradual increase in popularity as its ceremonies grew in familiarity over the course of the queen 's reign .
most important of all , however , in creating a greater understanding of and attachment to the protestant message was the regular use of the elizabethan prayer book , which appears to have experienced a gradual [raise] in popularity as its ceremonies grew in familiarity over the course of the queen 's reign .

Then outriggers can be added to greatly increase the stability of the tower
then outriggers can be added to greatly [raise] the stability of the tower

Burglary , along with other crimes , is on the increase , yet many home owners do n't bother to improve security because they do n't think it 's worth it .
burglary , along with other crimes , is on the [raise] , yet many home owners do n't bother to improve security because they do n't think it 's worth it .

Although the endless state visits to Harare or Mauretania always climaxed with the publication of pompous declarations and assertions that trade was going to increase by generous percentages within a few years , the consequences of these visits were negligible apart from providing a few more exhibits for the trophy rooms in Bucharest .
although the endless state visits to harare or mauretania always climaxed with the publication of pompous declarations and assertions that trade was going to [raise] by generous percentages within a few years , the consequences of these visits were negligible apart from providing a few more exhibits for the trophy rooms in bucharest .

At precisely the time that the Party leadership was extolling the horse as a modern and fuel-saving means of transport , it was also planning to increase the journey-times of the rural population and make them more dependent on motor transport  or perhaps to shorten the time they had left to themselves , to sleep , think and so on .
at precisely the time that the party leadership was extolling the horse as a modern and fuel-saving means of transport , it was also planning to [raise] the journey-times of the rural population and make them more dependent on motor transport  or perhaps to shorten the time they had left to themselves , to sleep , think and so on .

Their aim of course was not to improve the standing of unmarried mothers or to make their children happier , just to increase their numbers .
their aim of course was not to improve the standing of unmarried mothers or to make their children happier , just to [raise] their numbers .

Command of these rules and conventions is more likely to increase the freedom of the individual than diminish it .
command of these rules and conventions is more likely to [raise] the freedom of the individual than diminish it .

an increase in data collections of all kinds and in the use of authentic language materials for teaching about the uses of language ;
an [raise] in data collections of all kinds and in the use of authentic language materials for teaching about the uses of language ;

an increase in the diversity of learning materials geared to the needs of different learners ;
an [raise] in the diversity of learning materials geared to the needs of different learners ;

Media education  seeks to increase children 's critical understanding of the media  namely , television , film , video , photography , popular music , printed materials , and computer software .
media education  seeks to [raise] children 's critical understanding of the media  namely , television , film , video , photography , popular music , printed materials , and computer software .

However , during the same period , the total volume of consumer spending has also increased  largely because of inflation but also partly because of some increase in the volume of purchases . The following set of figures shows new fixed-sum and other retail credit as a percentage of the total volume of spending on clothing and shoes , durables ( including electrical goods and furniture ) and cars and motorcycles , which account for the great bulk of this type of credit :
however , during the same period , the total volume of consumer spending has also increased  largely because of inflation but also partly because of some [raise] in the volume of purchases . the following set of figures shows new fixed-sum and other retail credit as a percentage of the total volume of spending on clothing and shoes , durables ( including electrical goods and furniture ) and cars and motorcycles , which account for the great bulk of this type of credit :

These figures , as might have been expected , show a dramatic increase in the use of mail order .
these figures , as might have been expected , show a dramatic [raise] in the use of mail order .

( The great increase in mail order use has coincided with the increase in women going out to work .
( the great [raise] in mail order use has coincided with the [raise] in women going out to work .

We were told that typically it could increase the level of instalments by about seven per cent  say , 35p on top of a 5 instalment .
we were told that typically it could [raise] the level of instalments by about seven per cent  say , 35p on top of a 5 instalment .

From the customer 's point of view , buying now on credit does save any increase in price that would take place between now and ( say ) whenever he finishes paying off the loan .
from the customer 's point of view , buying now on credit does save any [raise] in price that would take place between now and ( say ) whenever he finishes paying off the loan .

Obviously , a sensible consumer should not be surprised that , given the same number of weeks to pay , an increase in any one measure of cost is paralleled by increases in the other two measures .
obviously , a sensible consumer should not be surprised that , given the same number of weeks to pay , an [raise] in any one measure of cost is paralleled by increases in the other two measures .

But the scale of the increase might come as a surprise : on the 21-week agreement 10p a week extra pushing up the rate of charge from 26 .
but the scale of the [raise] might come as a surprise : on the 21-week agreement 10p a week extra pushing up the rate of charge from 26 .

One central missing factor has been education  and increasing the amount of credit cost information which is available will if anything increase the need for education .
one central missing factor has been education  and increasing the amount of credit cost information which is available will if anything [raise] the need for education .

However , the scale of the Bank 's operations makes it improbable that even a substantial increase in its consumer lending would make a very great impact on credit options available to people in lower socio-economic groups .
however , the scale of the bank 's operations makes it improbable that even a substantial [raise] in its consumer lending would make a very great impact on credit options available to people in lower socio-economic groups .

If all the Co-op Bank 's available unlent deposits could be channelled into consumer lending ( which seems far-fetched ) this would add something under five per cent to the total volume of non-housing bank lending to private individuals  a very welcome increase , but less than revolutionary .
if all the co-op bank 's available unlent deposits could be channelled into consumer lending ( which seems far-fetched ) this would add something under five per cent to the total volume of non-housing bank lending to private individuals  a very welcome [raise] , but less than revolutionary .

How can we support black individuals who feel powerless and isolated ? How can we increase the awareness of self-worth of our black children . Where are the black role models for them to follow ?
how can we support black individuals who feel powerless and isolated ? how can we [raise] the awareness of self-worth of our black children . where are the black role models for them to follow ?

People become homeless for a wide range of reasons , and sadly homelessness is on the increase , particularly among younger people  .
people become homeless for a wide range of reasons , and sadly homelessness is on the [raise] , particularly among younger people  .

When we pray or repent or worship God this does not increase God 's love .
when we pray or repent or worship god this does not [raise] god 's love .

On the contrary it would merely increase their anxiety level , even if there was nothing to worry about .
on the contrary it would merely [raise] their anxiety level , even if there was nothing to worry about .

Biological growth of itself will not increase the size of the congregation , at least in the case of white Protestant churches , for the simple reason that white Protestant families tend to have fewer children .
biological growth of itself will not [raise] the size of the congregation , at least in the case of white protestant churches , for the simple reason that white protestant families tend to have fewer children .

McGavran cautions that numerical increase  is not adding mere names to the roll or baptising those who have no intention of following Christ .
mcgavran cautions that numerical [raise]  is not adding mere names to the roll or baptising those who have no intention of following christ .

The numerical increase worth counting is that which endures from decade to decade .
the numerical [raise] worth counting is that which endures from decade to decade .

While national newspapers have to work hard to increase their readership levels , the sales of local newspapers continue to rise .
while national newspapers have to work hard to [raise] their readership levels , the sales of local newspapers continue to rise .

In some respects , today 's emphasis on women 's rights , literature and issues may not only be a drive to increase women 's standing in relation to men , but may rather be a celebration of the rediscovery of the shared communication that women have .
in some respects , today 's emphasis on women 's rights , literature and issues may not only be a drive to [raise] women 's standing in relation to men , but may rather be a celebration of the rediscovery of the shared communication that women have .

May the Lord enrich and increase your witness to the Truth about Himself in the indifferent society around you .
may the lord enrich and [raise] your witness to the truth about himself in the indifferent society around you .

The thinner paints need white or black added to increase opacity .
the thinner paints need white or black added to [raise] opacity .

Thus structures facilitate  mutualist  struggle in which workers aim to establish alternative and independent markets for production and distribution ,  economistic  struggle to increase job security within extant relations of production , and  statist  struggle to promote interests through enlisting the aid of the state principally through legislative enactment .
thus structures facilitate  mutualist  struggle in which workers aim to establish alternative and independent markets for production and distribution ,  economistic  struggle to [raise] job security within extant relations of production , and  statist  struggle to promote interests through enlisting the aid of the state principally through legislative enactment .

As with most occupational groups males were dominant , although the degree of domination tended to increase with skill level and with the incidence of unskilled labour ( Table 1.5 ) .
as with most occupational groups males were dominant , although the degree of domination tended to [raise] with skill level and with the incidence of unskilled labour ( table 1.5 ) .

The significance of Labour 's advance has long been recognised . As early as 1924 Herbert Morrison ( who else ? ) pointed to the four-fold increase in the Labour vote over six years , and offered an explanation of the previous poor record :
the significance of labour 's advance has long been recognised . as early as 1924 herbert morrison ( who else ? ) pointed to the four-fold [raise] in the labour vote over six years , and offered an explanation of the previous poor record :

The interwar years witnessed an increase in national membership from 4,131,000 in 1919 to 8,716,000 in 1940 , while the number of societies fell from 1357 to 1065 .
the interwar years witnessed an [raise] in national membership from 4,131,000 in 1919 to 8,716,000 in 1940 , while the number of societies fell from 1357 to 1065 .

Affiliation would secure the alliance , provide the means to a united front during elections , and , as far as the party was concerned , increase much needed revenue .
affiliation would secure the alliance , provide the means to a united front during elections , and , as far as the party was concerned , [raise] much needed revenue .

At times , its organisations , in particular the unions and cooperative societies , were persuaded by socialists acting out of self interest to take unpropitious courses of action ; against such leaders , genuine , common-sensical ( English ) workers must assert their authority , restore equilibrium and so provide conditions under which production would increase to the benefit of all .
at times , its organisations , in particular the unions and cooperative societies , were persuaded by socialists acting out of self interest to take unpropitious courses of action ; against such leaders , genuine , common-sensical ( english ) workers must assert their authority , restore equilibrium and so provide conditions under which production would [raise] to the benefit of all .

Seamstresses were put to work to increase her already adequate wardrobe but , as the days passed and the day of departure from Framlingham loomed close , she became increasingly petulant .
seamstresses were put to work to [raise] her already adequate wardrobe but , as the days passed and the day of departure from framlingham loomed close , she became increasingly petulant .

Low-spirited , disappointed that she must forgo the festivities which always marked the twelfth day of Christmas , she wept copiously and bewailed her ill-fortune to such an extent that it was feared she would increase the severity of the illness .
low-spirited , disappointed that she must forgo the festivities which always marked the twelfth day of christmas , she wept copiously and bewailed her ill-fortune to such an extent that it was feared she would [raise] the severity of the illness .

The commonalty , he told them , was on their side  any attempt to block the protectorship would but increase its already substantial resentment of the Woodvilles .
the commonalty , he told them , was on their side  any attempt to block the protectorship would but [raise] its already substantial resentment of the woodvilles .

They [ the Stationers ] have so pestered their printing-houses and shops with fruitless volumes that the ancient and renowned authors are almost buried among them as forgotten  so they who desire knowledge are still kept ignorant ; their ignorance increaseth their affection to vain toys ; their affection makes the stationer to increase his provision of such stuff , and at last you shall see nothing to be sold amongst us but  Bevis of Southampton or such trumpery .
they [ the stationers ] have so pestered their printing-houses and shops with fruitless volumes that the ancient and renowned authors are almost buried among them as forgotten  so they who desire knowledge are still kept ignorant ; their ignorance increaseth their affection to vain toys ; their affection makes the stationer to [raise] his provision of such stuff , and at last you shall see nothing to be sold amongst us but  bevis of southampton or such trumpery .

Social mobility and elite circulation might increase , and the ruling group might become more heterogeneous , but government must remain oligarchic .
social mobility and elite circulation might [raise] , and the ruling group might become more heterogeneous , but government must remain oligarchic .

For example , a general wage increase in a factory will be passed on to everyone , whether they backed the union campaign which secured it or remained inactive during a period of industrial militancy .
for example , a general wage [raise] in a factory will be passed on to everyone , whether they backed the union campaign which secured it or remained inactive during a period of industrial militancy .

In turn , the new monarchs tried to build up an economically prosperous bourgeoisie to increase tax revenues and to prevent any reversion to feudal conflicts which would fragment the nation  state .
in turn , the new monarchs tried to build up an economically prosperous bourgeoisie to [raise] tax revenues and to prevent any reversion to feudal conflicts which would fragment the nation  state .

These transformations of legal systems do not necessarily represent an insidious increase in the growth of a hidden power elite , although radical authors expect this result .
these transformations of legal systems do not necessarily represent an insidious [raise] in the growth of a hidden power elite , although radical authors expect this result .

Yet the autonomous model also explains state growth , especially in military and welfare bureaucracies , as the autonomous outcome of state elites ' efforts to mould and win mass loyalty and to increase their international power .
yet the autonomous model also explains state growth , especially in military and welfare bureaucracies , as the autonomous outcome of state elites ' efforts to mould and win mass loyalty and to [raise] their international power .

With increased capital investment in production the ratio of surplus value ( s ) to labour costs ( 1 ) and fixed capital ( c ) must decline , unless capital owners can increase the rate at which they exploit their workers .
with increased capital investment in production the ratio of surplus value ( s ) to labour costs ( 1 ) and fixed capital ( c ) must decline , unless capital owners can [raise] the rate at which they exploit their workers .

Not only had it removed Russia from the war , but its call for international revolution and the threatened collapse of the ruling class in much of central and eastern Europe in 1918 , combined with an increase in working-class militancy at home , frightened many in the middle classes even outside the radical right .
not only had it removed russia from the war , but its call for international revolution and the threatened collapse of the ruling class in much of central and eastern europe in 1918 , combined with an [raise] in working-class militancy at home , frightened many in the middle classes even outside the radical right .

During the same period Mosley tried to increase the quality of his followers too .
during the same period mosley tried to [raise] the quality of his followers too .

It was seen as necessary to increase police powers to ban and control demonstrations and marches and to remove ambiguities in the existing law .
it was seen as necessary to [raise] police powers to ban and control demonstrations and marches and to remove ambiguities in the existing law .

If these pressures increase or decrease dramatically how will this affect the stability of the society ?
if these pressures [raise] or decrease dramatically how will this affect the stability of the society ?

By natural increase in population and with the adoption of strangers ( who were treated as fictitious kinsmen ) , patriarchal families grew into clans such as those found in ancient Rome .
by natural [raise] in population and with the adoption of strangers ( who were treated as fictitious kinsmen ) , patriarchal families grew into clans such as those found in ancient rome .

Rather , increased productivity followed from increasing economic specialization which , in turn , had been produced by a massive increase in the  density  of society .
rather , increased productivity followed from increasing economic specialization which , in turn , had been produced by a massive [raise] in the  density  of society .

One of the most unambiguous demonstrations of this comes from New Guinea where the virtual abolition of tribal warfare achieved by relatively recent European rule has been accompanied by a marked increase in the incidence of sorcery accusations .
one of the most unambiguous demonstrations of this comes from new guinea where the virtual abolition of tribal warfare achieved by relatively recent european rule has been accompanied by a marked [raise] in the incidence of sorcery accusations .

As a group swells in size with natural increase of population and with new members joining it from outside , it eventually reaches a point where it ceases to enjoy an optimum exploitative relationship with its physical and economic resources .
as a group swells in size with natural [raise] of population and with new members joining it from outside , it eventually reaches a point where it ceases to enjoy an optimum exploitative relationship with its physical and economic resources .

The already high percentage of part-time workers increased to 23 per cent and  there occurred a small to moderate increase in the proportion of temporary workers  .
the already high percentage of part-time workers increased to 23 per cent and  there occurred a small to moderate [raise] in the proportion of temporary workers  .

It can remove choice and increase stigma .
it can remove choice and [raise] stigma .

However , a contrary trend of rapid increase in the number of  elderly severely mentally ill patients requiring hospital care  was discovered .
however , a contrary trend of rapid [raise] in the number of  elderly severely mentally ill patients requiring hospital care  was discovered .

The estimated requirement for an increase in the resources devoted to priority services , which would be necessary to fund this strategy , was put at 10 million per annum in revenue terms and 62 million in capital .
the estimated requirement for an [raise] in the resources devoted to priority services , which would be necessary to fund this strategy , was put at 10 million per annum in revenue terms and 62 million in capital .

The crumbling of the old idea of a state based on obligations and obedience may have helped increase the dynamic force that enabled European countries to spread their authority over most of the world ; the very widespread acceptance of the new idea of a state based on independence and equality gave people outside Europe political principles which helped them in the later struggle to dismantle the European empires .
the crumbling of the old idea of a state based on obligations and obedience may have helped [raise] the dynamic force that enabled european countries to spread their authority over most of the world ; the very widespread acceptance of the new idea of a state based on independence and equality gave people outside europe political principles which helped them in the later struggle to dismantle the european empires .

It seemed obvious that the best form of organization for overseas trade was the one that was used first in exporting wool and then by the cloth traders , who still accounted for three-quarters of English exports in the first half of the century : all the merchants involved would sell together at a  staple  town , usually in Belgium or the Netherlands , where they could avoid competing with each other and so increase their bargaining strength .
it seemed obvious that the best form of organization for overseas trade was the one that was used first in exporting wool and then by the cloth traders , who still accounted for three-quarters of english exports in the first half of the century : all the merchants involved would sell together at a  staple  town , usually in belgium or the netherlands , where they could avoid competing with each other and so [raise] their bargaining strength .

It sold at a high enough price per pound to cover the cost of carrying it across the Atlantic , and Jamestown enjoyed a tobacco boom , though the increase in exports from 20,000 lb .
it sold at a high enough price per pound to cover the cost of carrying it across the atlantic , and jamestown enjoyed a tobacco boom , though the [raise] in exports from 20,000 lb .

While writers simply reflected people 's greater knowledge of the colonies and did not do much to increase it , the churches made quite substantial efforts to keep in touch across the Atlantic .
while writers simply reflected people 's greater knowledge of the colonies and did not do much to [raise] it , the churches made quite substantial efforts to keep in touch across the atlantic .

Something under half the increase in population consisted of white immigrants , about equally balanced between free settlers and indentured labourers , with the transported convicts forming a small minority of the total .
something under half the [raise] in population consisted of white immigrants , about equally balanced between free settlers and indentured labourers , with the transported convicts forming a small minority of the total .

Canada was valued because it would bring peace and security to the American colonies and would allow them to continue to increase their imports of British goods in a much more tranquil continent .
canada was valued because it would bring peace and security to the american colonies and would allow them to continue to [raise] their imports of british goods in a much more tranquil continent .

There has been a significant increase in the amount of sexual violence reported to the police .
there has been a significant [raise] in the amount of sexual violence reported to the police .

The number of rapes reported to the police increased from 1,015 in 1977 to 2,471 in 1987 , an increase of 143 per cent .
the number of rapes reported to the police increased from 1,015 in 1977 to 2,471 in 1987 , an [raise] of 143 per cent .

On the one hand they could indicate a large increase in the level of rape .
on the one hand they could indicate a large [raise] in the level of rape .

If the former is correct then we are seeing an enormous increase in the use of violence against women .
if the former is correct then we are seeing an enormous [raise] in the use of violence against women .

However , while the increase in the rate of rape reporting has increased , the rate of conviction has declined .
however , while the [raise] in the rate of rape reporting has increased , the rate of conviction has declined .

The rate of increase of convicted rapists is 39 per cent as against an increase in rape reports of 143 per cent .
the rate of [raise] of convicted rapists is 39 per cent as against an [raise] in rape reports of 143 per cent .

If we take the former interpretation of the increase in rape reporting then this would mean that not only are more men raping , but also the judiciary is increasingly allowing them to get away with it .
if we take the former interpretation of the [raise] in rape reporting then this would mean that not only are more men raping , but also the judiciary is increasingly allowing them to get away with it .

If it is the latter , then we are seeing a constant rate of rape over the last decade but where women are more willing to make legal complaints and the police and courts not willing to convict other than a very small increase in the number .
if it is the latter , then we are seeing a constant rate of rape over the last decade but where women are more willing to make legal complaints and the police and courts not willing to convict other than a very small [raise] in the number .

Whichever way we look at these figures , whether we believe they represent a real increase in the rate of sexual violence or not , the decreasing conviction rate indicates that the state has not effectively responded to demands that sex crimes be treated more seriously .
whichever way we look at these figures , whether we believe they represent a real [raise] in the rate of sexual violence or not , the decreasing conviction rate indicates that the state has not effectively responded to demands that sex crimes be treated more seriously .

Whether the increase in reported rates of sexual violence are positive or negative depends on whether they are considered to be real increases or higher rates of reporting .
whether the [raise] in reported rates of sexual violence are positive or negative depends on whether they are considered to be real increases or higher rates of reporting .

What do we think about this increased reporting ? Is it good that rape is now reported , and its existence no longer denied ? Is this coming into the open of crimes against women useful in assisting reforms in this area ? Or are the stereotypes of rape portrayed by the press so narrow and unusual that they hinder the process of effective intervention by the state and others . Does the reporting raise women 's fear of crime ? In a society where many women are afraid to walk alone at night does this increase in reporting increase women 's fear still further ? Do the rape reports encourage further rapes , by providing information to potential rapists ? Does the pornographic nature of some of the reports encourage attitudes which facilitate rape ? Given that we have so little information about rape , does the increased press reporting , given its restricted nature , hinder the chance of a raped woman getting a fair  trial  ? Are juries increasingly inhibited from convicting men who are different from this stereotype ? Does the press narrow popular conceptions of rape and make it more difficult for raped women to obtain justice ? If the reports do contribute negatively , what should be done about it ? Should they be compulsorily edited so as to be accurate and balanced , that is censored ? Or is this going too far and risks losing more , in terms of freedom of speech , than we would gain ?
what do we think about this increased reporting ? is it good that rape is now reported , and its existence no longer denied ? is this coming into the open of crimes against women useful in assisting reforms in this area ? or are the stereotypes of rape portrayed by the press so narrow and unusual that they hinder the process of effective intervention by the state and others . does the reporting raise women 's fear of crime ? in a society where many women are afraid to walk alone at night does this [raise] in reporting [raise] women 's fear still further ? do the rape reports encourage further rapes , by providing information to potential rapists ? does the pornographic nature of some of the reports encourage attitudes which facilitate rape ? given that we have so little information about rape , does the increased press reporting , given its restricted nature , hinder the chance of a raped woman getting a fair  trial  ? are juries increasingly inhibited from convicting men who are different from this stereotype ? does the press narrow popular conceptions of rape and make it more difficult for raped women to obtain justice ? if the reports do contribute negatively , what should be done about it ? should they be compulsorily edited so as to be accurate and balanced , that is censored ? or is this going too far and risks losing more , in terms of freedom of speech , than we would gain ?

Yet in contradiction to these developments , which increase state control , there is also the policy of encouraging the market and decreasing the size and scope of the state .
yet in contradiction to these developments , which [raise] state control , there is also the policy of encouraging the market and decreasing the size and scope of the state .

However , beyond pointing to the dramatic increase in rape reports , we also began to speculate on the reasons for the shift by practically all the newspapers .
however , beyond pointing to the dramatic [raise] in rape reports , we also began to speculate on the reasons for the shift by practically all the newspapers .

There has been an increase in the number of rape trials , and hence , even if a constant proportion were reported , an increase in the absolute number of such cases being reported in the press .
there has been an [raise] in the number of rape trials , and hence , even if a constant proportion were reported , an [raise] in the absolute number of such cases being reported in the press .

Thus we see an increase between 1971 and 1978 falling back in 1985 to previous levels .
thus we see an [raise] between 1971 and 1978 falling back in 1985 to previous levels .

However , since there are more rape trials today than before , the reader of newspapers would find an increase in the number of reports over the years .
however , since there are more rape trials today than before , the reader of newspapers would find an [raise] in the number of reports over the years .

This moves the reporting from the periphery of newspaper journalism to the centre , with a consequent increase in the readership and the normalisation of these sorts of reports .
this moves the reporting from the periphery of newspaper journalism to the centre , with a consequent [raise] in the readership and the normalisation of these sorts of reports .

The three-year-old firm , already profitable , says it will spend the money to increase worldwide marketing , enhance product development and expand customer support .
the three-year-old firm , already profitable , says it will spend the money to [raise] worldwide marketing , enhance product development and expand customer support .

Intel Corp says it expects to spend about $2,500m on capital expenditures and research and development in 1993 , an increase of 25% on estimated 1992 spending of about $2m , saying that the expenditures , unusually high as a percentage of sales even for a high technology company , are needed to address the increasing complexity of microprocessors and the high cost of chip plants ; the company has started paying a dividend , making its shares attractive to a wider range of institutions , and the expectation is that it will tap the market for new funds .
intel corp says it expects to spend about $2,500m on capital expenditures and research and development in 1993 , an [raise] of 25% on estimated 1992 spending of about $2m , saying that the expenditures , unusually high as a percentage of sales even for a high technology company , are needed to address the increasing complexity of microprocessors and the high cost of chip plants ; the company has started paying a dividend , making its shares attractive to a wider range of institutions , and the expectation is that it will tap the market for new funds .

Some people like to put a small dab of water-based lubricant on the tip of their penis before putting on the condom , to increase sensitivity .
some people like to put a small dab of water-based lubricant on the tip of their penis before putting on the condom , to [raise] sensitivity .

Water based lubricants smeared on the barrier , next to the vulva , will increase sensation .
water based lubricants smeared on the barrier , next to the vulva , will [raise] sensation .

Coming inside the mouth could increase the risk .
coming inside the mouth could [raise] the risk .

With a boost in public increase brought about by the opening of the line extension to Glyndyfrdwy the Railway is now clearly in a higher division with a respectable 5 miles of operating length .
with a boost in public [raise] brought about by the opening of the line extension to glyndyfrdwy the railway is now clearly in a higher division with a respectable 5 miles of operating length .

Personality and approach have a large part to play in establishing a successful combination and variety will increase the possibilities of finding a good match .
personality and approach have a large part to play in establishing a successful combination and variety will [raise] the possibilities of finding a good match .

So far , such encouragement has seen a small but significant increase in the numbers of acrylic courts being laid .
so far , such encouragement has seen a small but significant [raise] in the numbers of acrylic courts being laid .

The Legume Pathologist works within a multidisciplinary team seeking ways to stabilise and increase production of cool season food and forage legumes through improved pest resistance and alternative controls for common diseases , with major emphasis on basic and applied research related to Ascochyta blight , root-rot , rust and wilt in lentil and chickpea . Main responsibilities include :
the legume pathologist works within a multidisciplinary team seeking ways to stabilise and [raise] production of cool season food and forage legumes through improved pest resistance and alternative controls for common diseases , with major emphasis on basic and applied research related to ascochyta blight , root-rot , rust and wilt in lentil and chickpea . main responsibilities include :

The Regional Research Program Coordinator will work closely with national agricultural research programs of Iraq , Jordan and Syria  the Mashreq countries  to implement the Mashreq Project , an effort jointly funded by the United Nations Development Program and the Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development , involving research , training and technology transfer to increase productivity of barley , pastures and livestock production in low rainfall areas . Position has overall responsibility for execution of the Mashreq Program including :
the regional research program coordinator will work closely with national agricultural research programs of iraq , jordan and syria  the mashreq countries  to implement the mashreq project , an effort jointly funded by the united nations development program and the arab fund for economic and social development , involving research , training and technology transfer to [raise] productivity of barley , pastures and livestock production in low rainfall areas . position has overall responsibility for execution of the mashreq program including :

This will significantly increase the scale and scope of our activities and to meet this challenge , two new positions have been created within our Water Resources Strategic Planning team .
this will significantly [raise] the scale and scope of our activities and to meet this challenge , two new positions have been created within our water resources strategic planning team .

National Video Resources aims to help increase public access to high quality , independent film and video .
national video resources aims to help [raise] public access to high quality , independent film and video .

The specialist teacher can help to explain and deal with such problems and increase the confidence of the pupil and the understanding of the regular teacher in unusual cases of anxiety that might otherwise be deemed trivial .
the specialist teacher can help to explain and deal with such problems and [raise] the confidence of the pupil and the understanding of the regular teacher in unusual cases of anxiety that might otherwise be deemed trivial .

Teachers may want to use this information for reference in the case of individual pupils with visual defects or to study it in order to increase their general understanding of the implications of visual handicaps in learning .
teachers may want to use this information for reference in the case of individual pupils with visual defects or to study it in order to [raise] their general understanding of the implications of visual handicaps in learning .

The amount of pigmentation tends to increase slightly with age up to adolescence and brings with it a gradual improvement in visual acuity .
the amount of pigmentation tends to [raise] slightly with age up to adolescence and brings with it a gradual improvement in visual acuity .

Unfortunately , as power and therefore magnification increase the maximum working distance decreases also .
unfortunately , as power and therefore magnification [raise] the maximum working distance decreases also .

One use for an optical aid for pupils with tunnel vision that is designed on this principle is for mobility since it helps to increase the extent of the visual panorama .
one use for an optical aid for pupils with tunnel vision that is designed on this principle is for mobility since it helps to [raise] the extent of the visual panorama .

The pupil 's increasing familiarity with the campus and buildings will also increase confidence in their use .
the pupil 's increasing familiarity with the campus and buildings will also [raise] confidence in their use .

Common-sense measures likely to minimise problems for children with visual impairments can increase safety awareness for all pupils .
common-sense measures likely to minimise problems for children with visual impairments can [raise] safety awareness for all pupils .

Involving pupils in these tasks as a project can increase interest and emphasise the need for good personal organisation , which will be invaluable for pupils with poor sight both at school and after leaving it .
involving pupils in these tasks as a project can [raise] interest and emphasise the need for good personal organisation , which will be invaluable for pupils with poor sight both at school and after leaving it .

On 2 September , troops opened fire when barricades were erected by a group protesting against a sharp increase in the cost of living and the government 's failure to convene a national conference to discuss the country 's political future .
on 2 september , troops opened fire when barricades were erected by a group protesting against a sharp [raise] in the cost of living and the government 's failure to convene a national conference to discuss the country 's political future .

Even so , the broad-ranging debate as to whether  and if so how much  the increase of power play through modern technology in recent years is damaging tennis as a spectacle , following hard on the controversial recommendation from the Rules Committee of the International Tennis Federation that the  let  in serving should be abolished , ( see Editor 's Main Point ) , certainly helped focus minds on what is clearly an important issue .
even so , the broad-ranging debate as to whether  and if so how much  the [raise] of power play through modern technology in recent years is damaging tennis as a spectacle , following hard on the controversial recommendation from the rules committee of the international tennis federation that the  let  in serving should be abolished , ( see editor 's main point ) , certainly helped focus minds on what is clearly an important issue .

One opt out related to if there was a major change in the structure of world tennis and a prize money increase of more than 5 per cent in any one year .
one opt out related to if there was a major change in the structure of world tennis and a prize money [raise] of more than 5 per cent in any one year .

During this stage there is a considerable increase in the number of teeth in the mouth , from 28 to 42 .
during this stage there is a considerable [raise] in the number of teeth in the mouth , from 28 to 42 .

Try to ensure that it has relieved itself before the journey , and do not feed the dog immediately before setting out , since this appears to increase the risk of travel sickness .
try to ensure that it has relieved itself before the journey , and do not feed the dog immediately before setting out , since this appears to [raise] the risk of travel sickness .

Despite the massive increase in the volume of research in psychology and ethology , little progress seems to have been made .
despite the massive [raise] in the volume of research in psychology and ethology , little progress seems to have been made .

It is particularly the case with men that they slowly over time increase their knowledge and mastery over self .
it is particularly the case with men that they slowly over time [raise] their knowledge and mastery over self .

All boys when about 12 undergo a great increase festival , the Sari , their second  lessons in wizardry  , which gives them the internal clothing of the hunter and fisherman .
all boys when about 12 undergo a great [raise] festival , the sari , their second  lessons in wizardry  , which gives them the internal clothing of the hunter and fisherman .

After their first  lessons in wizardry  for the hunt , men may undergo , if they wish , more powerful lessons to slowly increase their internal  beads of knowledge  , their source of power as hunter , fisherman , chanter .
after their first  lessons in wizardry  for the hunt , men may undergo , if they wish , more powerful lessons to slowly [raise] their internal  beads of knowledge  , their source of power as hunter , fisherman , chanter .

It is intended that more trains will be run and the season extended in order to increase business revenue from all possible sources .
it is intended that more trains will be run and the season extended in order to [raise] business revenue from all possible sources .

In one study in North America 12,000 empty shells were added to a small reef , resulting in a substantial increase in the crab population .
in one study in north america 12,000 empty shells were added to a small reef , resulting in a substantial [raise] in the crab population .

As a young animal grows its rank changes , but not automatically ; it must fight for every increase in dominance it achieves .
as a young animal grows its rank changes , but not automatically ; it must fight for every [raise] in dominance it achieves .

The sheep often use gravity to increase the force of their attack : a male that stands above another on a hillside is at a distinct advantage ; he can drop on to his opponent using the full weight of his body .
the sheep often use gravity to [raise] the force of their attack : a male that stands above another on a hillside is at a distinct advantage ; he can drop on to his opponent using the full weight of his body .

Others , more cynical , practised  chameleonism  and declared themselves Republicans in the hope of taming the Republic ; most of these attached themselves to the Radical Party , helping to turn it into , in effect , the conservative party of the Republic and increase its already considerable reputation for political and financial corruption .
others , more cynical , practised  chameleonism  and declared themselves republicans in the hope of taming the republic ; most of these attached themselves to the radical party , helping to turn it into , in effect , the conservative party of the republic and [raise] its already considerable reputation for political and financial corruption .

In spite of this , the North Norfolk Railway is on course for another increase in the number of passengers in 1992 .
in spite of this , the north norfolk railway is on course for another [raise] in the number of passengers in 1992 .

It has come to expect the steady increase in the standard of living that new developments in science and technology have brought to continue , but it also distrusts science because it does n't understand it .
it has come to expect the steady [raise] in the standard of living that new developments in science and technology have brought to continue , but it also distrusts science because it does n't understand it .

If one extrapolates the low-energy rate of increase and decrease of the coupling constants , one finds that the two coupling constants become equal at an energy of about 10 15 GeV .
if one extrapolates the low-energy rate of [raise] and decrease of the coupling constants , one finds that the two coupling constants become equal at an energy of about 10 15 gev .

As the star shrank , the gravitational field at the surface would become stronger and the escape velocity would increase .
as the star shrank , the gravitational field at the surface would become stronger and the escape velocity would [raise] .

More use could also be made of educational techniques to improve interpersonal social skills and increase levels of educational attainment , particularly as many long-term attenders are handicapped not just by their mental disorder but also by poor schooling and impaired learning ability .
more use could also be made of educational techniques to improve interpersonal social skills and [raise] levels of educational attainment , particularly as many long-term attenders are handicapped not just by their mental disorder but also by poor schooling and impaired learning ability .

The main incentive for building trade workers to go on their own and become labour-only sub-contractors is the opportunity to increase their earnings .
the main incentive for building trade workers to go on their own and become labour-only sub-contractors is the opportunity to [raise] their earnings .

This increase comes from improved productivity , longer working hours , higher rates , or from a percentage of the earnings of labourers and craftsmen that they themselves employ .
this [raise] comes from improved productivity , longer working hours , higher rates , or from a percentage of the earnings of labourers and craftsmen that they themselves employ .

It is a commonly stated opinion that the quality of work produced by sub-contractors is below the standard of that achieved by directly employed labour , particularly where pride in workmanship is overshadowed by a potential increase in earnings .
it is a commonly stated opinion that the quality of work produced by sub-contractors is below the standard of that achieved by directly employed labour , particularly where pride in workmanship is overshadowed by a potential [raise] in earnings .

In each case the primary objective has been to increase both earnings and productivity .
in each case the primary objective has been to [raise] both earnings and productivity .

( b ) To increase efficiency and reduce costs .
( b ) to [raise] efficiency and reduce costs .

Where percentage factors are introduced the operative will receive a disproportionate amount of bonus for the effort involved and will , therefore , have a reduced incentive to increase his productivity .
where percentage factors are introduced the operative will receive a disproportionate amount of bonus for the effort involved and will , therefore , have a reduced incentive to [raise] his productivity .

Household formation is increasing at a faster rate than the population as a result of smaller families , increase in the divorce rate and longer life spans .
household formation is increasing at a faster rate than the population as a result of smaller families , [raise] in the divorce rate and longer life spans .

Once the agent has received a number of offers , it may well happen that each party is advised of the offers on the table and asked if they are willing to increase their offer .
once the agent has received a number of offers , it may well happen that each party is advised of the offers on the table and asked if they are willing to [raise] their offer .

The Writer is aware of one scheme where the planning brief was ignored by a developer , who as a result achieved an increase in density and was able to submit a substantially higher tender figure than other developers who had conformed to the planning brief .
the writer is aware of one scheme where the planning brief was ignored by a developer , who as a result achieved an [raise] in density and was able to submit a substantially higher tender figure than other developers who had conformed to the planning brief .

This is partly to ensure that any increase in profitability can be identified as the result of improved efficiency rather than a change in the method of compiling the accounts .
this is partly to ensure that any [raise] in profitability can be identified as the result of improved efficiency rather than a change in the method of compiling the accounts .

Negotiations on matters in dispute were opened in 1969 ; in 1970 the ambassadors returned to their posts ; and trade began to increase substantially .
negotiations on matters in dispute were opened in 1969 ; in 1970 the ambassadors returned to their posts ; and trade began to [raise] substantially .

Despite an increase in attendance this year , our annual club dinner last Friday evening was a very mixed affair .
despite an [raise] in attendance this year , our annual club dinner last friday evening was a very mixed affair .

In so doing , they will increase our chairman 's profit margin and this in turn means he will be able to give me a three-figure budget with which to entice quality players .
in so doing , they will [raise] our chairman 's profit margin and this in turn means he will be able to give me a three-figure budget with which to entice quality players .

The  kinked demand curve  model : each firm believes that an increase in its output ( reduction in its price ) will be matched by its rivals , while a reduction in output ( increase in price ) will not be followed .
the  kinked demand curve  model : each firm believes that an [raise] in its output ( reduction in its price ) will be matched by its rivals , while a reduction in output ( [raise] in price ) will not be followed .

One views unusual vertical arrangements with suspicion , presuming that they are made so as to prevent others entering the industry , to raise margins and thereby increase profits at the expense of consumers .
one views unusual vertical arrangements with suspicion , presuming that they are made so as to prevent others entering the industry , to raise margins and thereby [raise] profits at the expense of consumers .

Monopoly power would not increase , but price would fall and a welfare gain would ensue .
monopoly power would not [raise] , but price would fall and a welfare gain would ensue .

This will raise its retailer 's costs , so causing an increase in price and reduction in output .
this will raise its retailer 's costs , so causing an [raise] in price and reduction in output .

Provided the manufacturer can claw back the benefits , this will increase its profitability .
provided the manufacturer can claw back the benefits , this will [raise] its profitability .

Intuitively , what is happening here is that the force which argues for an increase in output ( fall in prices ) from the double marginalization position in monopoly is being outweighed by a force which argues for a decrease in output ( increase in price ) from the duopoly position .
intuitively , what is happening here is that the force which argues for an [raise] in output ( fall in prices ) from the double marginalization position in monopoly is being outweighed by a force which argues for a decrease in output ( [raise] in price ) from the duopoly position .

For these and other reasons the Royal Commission on Legal Services expected  a long-term increase in the demand for the services of lawyers .
for these and other reasons the royal commission on legal services expected  a long-term [raise] in the demand for the services of lawyers .

Moreover , they believe that the natural instrument of that change is the House , therefore they seek to increase the power of the House .
moreover , they believe that the natural instrument of that change is the house , therefore they seek to [raise] the power of the house .

Several references were presented suggesting not only that drugs that increase central dopaminergic transmission increase locomotor activity and induce stereotypy and hyperkinesia but also that neuroleptic drugs like haloperidol , that block dopamine receptors , induce hypokinesia and rigidity .
several references were presented suggesting not only that drugs that [raise] central dopaminergic transmission [raise] locomotor activity and induce stereotypy and hyperkinesia but also that neuroleptic drugs like haloperidol , that block dopamine receptors , induce hypokinesia and rigidity .

Several references are presented which suggest not only that drugs that increase central dopaminergic transmission increase locomotor activity and induce stereotypy and hyperkinesia but also that neuroleptic drugs like haloperidol , that block dopamine receptors , induce hypokinesia and rigidity .
several references are presented which suggest not only that drugs that [raise] central dopaminergic transmission [raise] locomotor activity and induce stereotypy and hyperkinesia but also that neuroleptic drugs like haloperidol , that block dopamine receptors , induce hypokinesia and rigidity .

For example , Hannan ( 1969 ) found that the number of young people in an area tended to increase outmigration , as the more able young left to follow the kind of careers not available in rural areas , though Grafton ( 1982 ) has argued that young people do not outmigrate from remote rural areas at a faster rate than their counterparts in less remote rural areas , and that any decline in such areas is due to lower levels of immigration , rather than higher rates of outmigration .
for example , hannan ( 1969 ) found that the number of young people in an area tended to [raise] outmigration , as the more able young left to follow the kind of careers not available in rural areas , though grafton ( 1982 ) has argued that young people do not outmigrate from remote rural areas at a faster rate than their counterparts in less remote rural areas , and that any decline in such areas is due to lower levels of immigration , rather than higher rates of outmigration .

In summary , the detailed empirical work outlined above has enabled another general law to be formulated , the principle of circular and cumulative causation , in which the key factors are : an initial reduction in farm employment ; which is followed by a deterioration in the age structure ; which is in turn followed by a reduced rate of natural increase which then leads to a reduced population which in turn leads to reduced demands for rural services and thus a reduced demand for rural employment which then triggers another circular decline ( Hodge and Whitby , 1981 ) .
in summary , the detailed empirical work outlined above has enabled another general law to be formulated , the principle of circular and cumulative causation , in which the key factors are : an initial reduction in farm employment ; which is followed by a deterioration in the age structure ; which is in turn followed by a reduced rate of natural [raise] which then leads to a reduced population which in turn leads to reduced demands for rural services and thus a reduced demand for rural employment which then triggers another circular decline ( hodge and whitby , 1981 ) .

In most regions , the new growth is entirely due to changes in net migration , as movement out of the conurbations has exceeded the inflow to these areas , and low or convergent rates of natural increase have provided a passive background for these trends .
in most regions , the new growth is entirely due to changes in net migration , as movement out of the conurbations has exceeded the inflow to these areas , and low or convergent rates of natural [raise] have provided a passive background for these trends .

However , the 1970s and early 1980s have seen one major change in population , not foreseen in the 1 960s , a massive drop in the birth rate and a virtual cessation of overall population growth , so that the increase of 5.4 per cent recorded in 196171 fell to only 0.5 per cent in 197181 .
however , the 1970s and early 1980s have seen one major change in population , not foreseen in the 1 960s , a massive drop in the birth rate and a virtual cessation of overall population growth , so that the [raise] of 5.4 per cent recorded in 196171 fell to only 0.5 per cent in 197181 .

( Note however , that Figure 5.2 shows a population increase of between 5 and 14.9 per cent for the same area between 1971 and 1981 ) .
( note however , that figure 5.2 shows a population [raise] of between 5 and 14.9 per cent for the same area between 1971 and 1981 ) .

Accordingly , Drudy and Drudy ( 1979 ) have advocated the provision of professional and office jobs , and Gilg ( 1976 ) has advocated more jobs in office employment and tourism , as well as jobs in manufacturing , as an alternative to agricultural employment , so that not only the aspirations of the whole ability range of young people may be met ( Drudy , 1975 ) but also to increase the level of female activity rates found in many rural areas ( Moseley and Darby , 1978 ) .
accordingly , drudy and drudy ( 1979 ) have advocated the provision of professional and office jobs , and gilg ( 1976 ) has advocated more jobs in office employment and tourism , as well as jobs in manufacturing , as an alternative to agricultural employment , so that not only the aspirations of the whole ability range of young people may be met ( drudy , 1975 ) but also to [raise] the level of female activity rates found in many rural areas ( moseley and darby , 1978 ) .

In particular , the massive increase in car ownership from about 10 per cent in the early 1950s , to about 58 per cent of all urban households and around 70 per cent of rural households in 1982 ( Phillips and Williams , 1984 ) has let more and more rural people travel to a greater range of destinations at their own time and convenience .
in particular , the massive [raise] in car ownership from about 10 per cent in the early 1950s , to about 58 per cent of all urban households and around 70 per cent of rural households in 1982 ( phillips and williams , 1984 ) has let more and more rural people travel to a greater range of destinations at their own time and convenience .

In addition , increasing car ownership and high-speed road provision has been a main factor in the massive increase of rural recreation enjoyed by many people since the 1950s , and discussed in Chapter 7 .
in addition , increasing car ownership and high-speed road provision has been a main factor in the massive [raise] of rural recreation enjoyed by many people since the 1950s , and discussed in chapter 7 .

In wildlife sites however , even a minor increase in visitor use can disturb a habitat and reduce the wildlife interest of the area .
in wildlife sites however , even a minor [raise] in visitor use can disturb a habitat and reduce the wildlife interest of the area .

However , the advent of motorways has extended the range of the day trip , and Edwards and Dennis ( 1976 ) using gravity models and regression analysis have predicted that motorways could increase the number of longer-distance day trips to the southwest of England by between 11 and 17 per cent .
however , the advent of motorways has extended the range of the day trip , and edwards and dennis ( 1976 ) using gravity models and regression analysis have predicted that motorways could [raise] the number of longer-distance day trips to the southwest of england by between 11 and 17 per cent .

For example , the irregular sample surveys conducted by the Forestry Commission ( 1983b ) provide a mass of information on woodland age structure , species composition and ownership as well as the increase in the forested area from 6.2 to 7.3 per cent in England , from 6.8 to 11.6 per cent in Wales , and from 7.2 to 12.6 per cent in Scotland , between 1947 and 1980 .
for example , the irregular sample surveys conducted by the forestry commission ( 1983b ) provide a mass of information on woodland age structure , species composition and ownership as well as the [raise] in the forested area from 6.2 to 7.3 per cent in england , from 6.8 to 11.6 per cent in wales , and from 7.2 to 12.6 per cent in scotland , between 1947 and 1980 .

Fourth , and in some places a reversal of the previous trend , the number of hedgerow trees had either declined less rapidly or even started to increase ( apart from major losses due to Dutch Elm disease as in Warwickshire ) , and in particular the number of saplings had markedly increased .
fourth , and in some places a reversal of the previous trend , the number of hedgerow trees had either declined less rapidly or even started to [raise] ( apart from major losses due to dutch elm disease as in warwickshire ) , and in particular the number of saplings had markedly increased .

But at the same time , the economic arguments in favour of larger fields have continued to grow , and Sturrock and Cathie ( 1980 ) have calculated that an increase in field size from 10 to 20 hectares will give an 11 per cent increase in work rate with a 3-metre wide implement , and a 24 per cent increase with a 12-metre wide implement .
but at the same time , the economic arguments in favour of larger fields have continued to grow , and sturrock and cathie ( 1980 ) have calculated that an [raise] in field size from 10 to 20 hectares will give an 11 per cent [raise] in work rate with a 3-metre wide implement , and a 24 per cent [raise] with a 12-metre wide implement .

In addition to the major landscape changes already outlined , Sinclair ( 1983 ) has also found a small increase in the amount of enclosed land ( 1.8 per cent ) , but a major change from vernacular enclosure to fences , with the area enclosed by walls and hedges down by 13 and 37 per cent respectively between 1949 and 1978 , but the area enclosed by fences up by 45 per cent , to give the overall pattern shown in Table 8.5 .
in addition to the major landscape changes already outlined , sinclair ( 1983 ) has also found a small [raise] in the amount of enclosed land ( 1.8 per cent ) , but a major change from vernacular enclosure to fences , with the area enclosed by walls and hedges down by 13 and 37 per cent respectively between 1949 and 1978 , but the area enclosed by fences up by 45 per cent , to give the overall pattern shown in table 8.5 .

Zvi could n't remember how long it was since he had last found it necessary to advertise , but with Wine telling the Cork Examiner 's readers for the last three weeks that  owing to the great increase of my practice  he was moving to larger premises Zvi felt he had no alternative .
zvi could n't remember how long it was since he had last found it necessary to advertise , but with wine telling the cork examiner 's readers for the last three weeks that  owing to the great [raise] of my practice  he was moving to larger premises zvi felt he had no alternative .

In addition , there have been attempts to increase the influence of the House in a manner which escapes party divisions , particularly by the creation of more select or  specialist  committees .
in addition , there have been attempts to [raise] the influence of the house in a manner which escapes party divisions , particularly by the creation of more select or  specialist  committees .

In addition to the activities of members on the floor of the House or in the parties , there has been an attempt to restore or increase the influence of the Commons by adopting new procedures , most of which involve the development of a new committee system .
in addition to the activities of members on the floor of the house or in the parties , there has been an attempt to restore or [raise] the influence of the commons by adopting new procedures , most of which involve the development of a new committee system .

While television may not do much to add to the information available to voters , it could increase its impact .
while television may not do much to add to the information available to voters , it could [raise] its impact .

An increase in the number of civil servants is avoided  and that is politically popular .
an [raise] in the number of civil servants is avoided  and that is politically popular .

The boards and commissions that run these organizations are commonly appointed by ministers and so provide an increase in ministerial patronage .
the boards and commissions that run these organizations are commonly appointed by ministers and so provide an [raise] in ministerial patronage .

It can be argued that they also produce an increase in civil service patronage in that senior civil servants generally advise ministers about the appointments , and quite often important chairmanships are awarded to recently retired civil servants .
it can be argued that they also produce an [raise] in civil service patronage in that senior civil servants generally advise ministers about the appointments , and quite often important chairmanships are awarded to recently retired civil servants .

Thus local authorities , faced with this reduction in aid from the national taxpayer , had either to reduce their services or increase local rates .
thus local authorities , faced with this reduction in aid from the national taxpayer , had either to reduce their services or [raise] local rates .

Indeed , the cost of local government has risen sharply since 1972 ; much of this increase is due to inflation , but the number of staff employed by local authorities has also risen .
indeed , the cost of local government has risen sharply since 1972 ; much of this [raise] is due to inflation , but the number of staff employed by local authorities has also risen .

The plain fact is that any move to split up the political system of the United kingdom would increase the chance of having Conservative Government in England .
the plain fact is that any move to split up the political system of the united kingdom would [raise] the chance of having conservative government in england .

There is also a belief that as far as possible people should be made to pay for services provided by the state , partly to reduce public expenditure and taxation , and partly because it is believed that charges will increase public pressure for services to be provided efficiently .
there is also a belief that as far as possible people should be made to pay for services provided by the state , partly to reduce public expenditure and taxation , and partly because it is believed that charges will [raise] public pressure for services to be provided efficiently .

The most striking feature of the post-war period has been the increase of use of educational establishments by all socio-economic groups .
the most striking feature of the post-war period has been the [raise] of use of educational establishments by all socio-economic groups .

There is evidence , however , to show that these differences in school attainment at age 7 do not decrease , but rather increase as children get older .
there is evidence , however , to show that these differences in school attainment at age 7 do not decrease , but rather [raise] as children get older .

As with the provision of doctors , so with the provision of hospital resources inequalities increase at the local as compared to the regional level .
as with the provision of doctors , so with the provision of hospital resources inequalities [raise] at the local as compared to the regional level .

Differences between socio-economic groups , however , increase substantially when such modern housing amenities as central heating , telephone , freezer and the like are taken into account , as Table 3.16 shows .
differences between socio-economic groups , however , [raise] substantially when such modern housing amenities as central heating , telephone , freezer and the like are taken into account , as table 3.16 shows .

Economists and others who have considered the human capital notion over the years can be divided into two groups : those who have argued that human beings increase national wealth ; and those who went a step further to argue that improving the quality of human beings through health , education and other services increases their productivity as labourers and hence adds to the national wealth .
economists and others who have considered the human capital notion over the years can be divided into two groups : those who have argued that human beings [raise] national wealth ; and those who went a step further to argue that improving the quality of human beings through health , education and other services increases their productivity as labourers and hence adds to the national wealth .

Indirect effects include : ( i ) reductions in the goods and services required to care for the sick ; ( ii ) increases in output resulting from freeing of resources previously used by healthy people to avoid sickness ; ( iii ) the output resulting from any population increase due to a rise in the birth rate , as might result from better health conditions ; ( iv ) any net output resulting from changes in attitudes and in social and political organisation that might be a consequence of better health conditions .
indirect effects include : ( i ) reductions in the goods and services required to care for the sick ; ( ii ) increases in output resulting from freeing of resources previously used by healthy people to avoid sickness ; ( iii ) the output resulting from any population [raise] due to a rise in the birth rate , as might result from better health conditions ; ( iv ) any net output resulting from changes in attitudes and in social and political organisation that might be a consequence of better health conditions .

likely to increase rather than reduce the rate of inflation .
likely to [raise] rather than reduce the rate of inflation .

What has let Britain down is that this has been allowed to produce growing numbers of redundancies instead of the increase in employment , and growth in the availability of real resources that should have resulted .
what has let britain down is that this has been allowed to produce growing numbers of redundancies instead of the [raise] in employment , and growth in the availability of real resources that should have resulted .

As the shift to the non-marketed sector took place and since productivity in the shrinking marketed sector did not increase substantially , it meant that a smaller proportion of the net output of the marketed sector was left to be used by industrialists and their workers .
as the shift to the non-marketed sector took place and since productivity in the shrinking marketed sector did not [raise] substantially , it meant that a smaller proportion of the net output of the marketed sector was left to be used by industrialists and their workers .

Sixth , the employer 's will to resist trade union demands is weakened and he therefore  settles closer to the union 's minimum acceptable increase than to his own maximum acceptable offer  .
sixth , the employer 's will to resist trade union demands is weakened and he therefore  settles closer to the union 's minimum acceptable [raise] than to his own maximum acceptable offer  .

Thus a worker who increases his hours of work , as a result of higher taxation ( direct effect ) , may use the extra income to buy consumer items , the manufacture and use of which increase pollution of the environment ( indirect effect ) .
thus a worker who increases his hours of work , as a result of higher taxation ( direct effect ) , may use the extra income to buy consumer items , the manufacture and use of which [raise] pollution of the environment ( indirect effect ) .

Thirteen years later , Fields and Stansbury did a follow-up study of Break 's work but with some changes in the research methodology which were likely to increase the proportion of those reporting disincentive effects .
thirteen years later , fields and stansbury did a follow-up study of break 's work but with some changes in the research methodology which were likely to [raise] the proportion of those reporting disincentive effects .

What is puzzling , however , is that this increase occurred in spite of the fact , as Beenstock points out , that  marginal tax rates were lower in 1968 than they were in 1956 .
what is puzzling , however , is that this [raise] occurred in spite of the fact , as beenstock points out , that  marginal tax rates were lower in 1968 than they were in 1956 .

It may also be equally true that disincentive effects operate for the very low and the low income-earners where any increase in earnings is counter-balanced  sometimes more than counter-balanced  by a corresponding loss of benefits .
it may also be equally true that disincentive effects operate for the very low and the low income-earners where any [raise] in earnings is counter-balanced  sometimes more than counter-balanced  by a corresponding loss of benefits .

Nevertheless , some men and women have , since the middle 1960s , benefited from the expansion of university education , from the growth of law faculties in universities , and from the wider availability of this education and , with little private income , have been able ( largely because of the increase in publicly financed legal aid ) to make a living at the bar .
nevertheless , some men and women have , since the middle 1960s , benefited from the expansion of university education , from the growth of law faculties in universities , and from the wider availability of this education and , with little private income , have been able ( largely because of the [raise] in publicly financed legal aid ) to make a living at the bar .

Lord Wilberforce discovered that there were two factors in any possible wage increase .
lord wilberforce discovered that there were two factors in any possible wage [raise] .

One was the periodic factor that wages did increase from time to time -and the other was what he called the adjustment factor which meant that a time might come in any industry when a distortion or trend had to be recognized as such for correction .
one was the periodic factor that wages did [raise] from time to time -and the other was what he called the adjustment factor which meant that a time might come in any industry when a distortion or trend had to be recognized as such for correction .

 If a large increase could not be paid for by the National Coal Board then the government should meet it .
 if a large [raise] could not be paid for by the national coal board then the government should meet it .

The Economist referred to the device of  calling in a High Court judge to write incredible economic nonsense  , but whatever view is taken of the justice or the wisdom of the report which recommended a considerable wage increase and which formed the basis of the settlement , the impression given was that the government had set up this enquiry to produce a report which would enable them to yield to the miners ' claim without total loss of face .
the economist referred to the device of  calling in a high court judge to write incredible economic nonsense  , but whatever view is taken of the justice or the wisdom of the report which recommended a considerable wage [raise] and which formed the basis of the settlement , the impression given was that the government had set up this enquiry to produce a report which would enable them to yield to the miners ' claim without total loss of face .

However , this being said , the trend towards concentration of capital is very rapid in the industry and this is likely to increase in the near future .
however , this being said , the trend towards concentration of capital is very rapid in the industry and this is likely to [raise] in the near future .

All this was poised to change rather rapidly by the late 1980s as these groups , plus the third largest American hotel chain Ramada , made a determined effort to increase their stake in London in particular , on the backs of the upsurge in American tourists coming to the United Kingdom largely because of exchange rate changes .
all this was poised to change rather rapidly by the late 1980s as these groups , plus the third largest american hotel chain ramada , made a determined effort to [raise] their stake in london in particular , on the backs of the upsurge in american tourists coming to the united kingdom largely because of exchange rate changes .

However , tendencies in the economy and in the internal organization of firms were likely to have allowed this without too great an increase in risk to longer term financial viability for the larger operators .
however , tendencies in the economy and in the internal organization of firms were likely to have allowed this without too great an [raise] in risk to longer term financial viability for the larger operators .

Added to this was the increase in real incomes of those still in work partly as a consequence of reduced inflation but also because of private sector wage rises running well ahead of inflation levels .
added to this was the [raise] in real incomes of those still in work partly as a consequence of reduced inflation but also because of private sector wage rises running well ahead of inflation levels .

Generally speaking , and in spite of the Great Depression , for the employed inter-war working class ,  increased purchasing power led to an increase in total consumer expenditure on commercial leisure forms  .
generally speaking , and in spite of the great depression , for the employed inter-war working class ,  increased purchasing power led to an [raise] in total consumer expenditure on commercial leisure forms  .

It should be noted that although the total population over 65 is not expected to increase for the remainder of the twentieth century , this is due to a projected fall in the numbers aged 60/6574 ( by 5 per cent between 1981 and 1991 ) combined with a rise in the numbers at older ages .
it should be noted that although the total population over 65 is not expected to [raise] for the remainder of the twentieth century , this is due to a projected fall in the numbers aged 60/6574 ( by 5 per cent between 1981 and 1991 ) combined with a rise in the numbers at older ages .

But staying with this definition for the time being , there is a general assumption in much writing in this field that although total age related dependency may not be about to rise very much , the shift to larger numbers of elderly and the fall in the numbers of the very young will increase the costs of dependency because the elderly are more costly ; they make more demands on expensive services than the young .
but staying with this definition for the time being , there is a general assumption in much writing in this field that although total age related dependency may not be about to rise very much , the shift to larger numbers of elderly and the fall in the numbers of the very young will [raise] the costs of dependency because the elderly are more costly ; they make more demands on expensive services than the young .

Ian Timaeus ( 1986 ) suggests that the family demands on older people 's services may actually increase in future .
ian timaeus ( 1986 ) suggests that the family demands on older people 's services may actually [raise] in future .

The data produced by Timaeus suggest that kin support has a potential to increase rather than to decline .
the data produced by timaeus suggest that kin support has a potential to [raise] rather than to decline .

These trends are perhaps not surprising but it should be noted that the result will be for schools in disadvantaged areas to lose pupils and to increase their unit costs per pupil .
these trends are perhaps not surprising but it should be noted that the result will be for schools in disadvantaged areas to lose pupils and to [raise] their unit costs per pupil .

Between 1980/81 and 1982/83 the freezing of university places at a time when the cohort of 18-year-olds was increasing led to an increase in entry standards as measured by average A-level performance .
between 1980/81 and 1982/83 the freezing of university places at a time when the cohort of 18-year-olds was increasing led to an [raise] in entry standards as measured by average a-level performance .

These falls have been due in part to straightforward changes in age structure : fewer children  who tend to increase average household size  and more elderly people  who tend to live in smaller households  will both lower the overall average household size .
these falls have been due in part to straightforward changes in age structure : fewer children  who tend to [raise] average household size  and more elderly people  who tend to live in smaller households  will both lower the overall average household size .

The main feature is the increase of nearly two million in the number of elderly households in the period 1961 to 1981 .
the main feature is the [raise] of nearly two million in the number of elderly households in the period 1961 to 1981 .

This is largely due to the increase in the numbers of those over pension age during this period , rather than to changes in the propensity to live separate lives .
this is largely due to the [raise] in the numbers of those over pension age during this period , rather than to changes in the propensity to live separate lives .

This increase has clear policy implications since these elderly people tend to live in the worst accommodation , and owners often have difficulties in undertaking their own , or paying for , maintenance .
this [raise] has clear policy implications since these elderly people tend to live in the worst accommodation , and owners often have difficulties in undertaking their own , or paying for , maintenance .

The sharpest behavioural change has been found among the under-30 group : if the age , sex and marital status-specific headship rates had remained fixed , the number of such households would have increased by under 200 thousands in the period ; in fact the actual increase was over 800 thousands .
the sharpest behavioural change has been found among the under-30 group : if the age , sex and marital status-specific headship rates had remained fixed , the number of such households would have increased by under 200 thousands in the period ; in fact the actual [raise] was over 800 thousands .

This increase is particularly impressive since the decline in marriage rates in the 1970s would have been expected to reduce household formation among young people , since historically young married couples have tended to set up their own households , and young single people to remain with their parents .
this [raise] is particularly impressive since the decline in marriage rates in the 1970s would have been expected to reduce household formation among young people , since historically young married couples have tended to set up their own households , and young single people to remain with their parents .

This would be expected partially to offset three changes in behavioural factors which have tended to increase the number of households .
this would be expected partially to offset three changes in behavioural factors which have tended to [raise] the number of households .

Although the majority of those who experience breakdown will find a new partner , a temporary period of separation will increase the number of households and it will also feed the need for an additional pool of housing .
although the majority of those who experience breakdown will find a new partner , a temporary period of separation will [raise] the number of households and it will also feed the need for an additional pool of housing .

Using this estimate gives an approximate number of additional households among those under 45 due to the increase in marital breakdown over this 20-year period of around 200 thousands .
using this estimate gives an approximate number of additional households among those under 45 due to the [raise] in marital breakdown over this 20-year period of around 200 thousands .

Among those in the middle age band , that is between 30 and pension age , the main reasons for the rise in the number of households are the increase in marital breakdown and the tendency for non-married people to live on their own ( Haskey , 1987a ) .
among those in the middle age band , that is between 30 and pension age , the main reasons for the rise in the number of households are the [raise] in marital breakdown and the tendency for non-married people to live on their own ( haskey , 1987a ) .

Although the numbers of such changes associated with moves are not large , and they can not account for more than a very small part of the differential in unemployment rates between the two groups , the sale of a large proportion of public housing to sitting tenants who are more likely to be employed than the general local authority sector population will have contributed to the increase in the unemployment rate differential referred to earlier .
although the numbers of such changes associated with moves are not large , and they can not account for more than a very small part of the differential in unemployment rates between the two groups , the sale of a large proportion of public housing to sitting tenants who are more likely to be employed than the general local authority sector population will have contributed to the [raise] in the unemployment rate differential referred to earlier .

For instance , a nationwide rise in fertility rate would produce a much larger increase in the number of births in a recently developed new town with an above-average proportion of young couples than in a retirement area with a population of similar size .
for instance , a nationwide rise in fertility rate would produce a much larger [raise] in the number of births in a recently developed new town with an above-average proportion of young couples than in a retirement area with a population of similar size .

With the national rate of population growth running at under 0.2 per cent a year , population redistribution has virtually become a  zero-sum game  , whereby any increase in one place can take place only at the expense of population levels in another place .
with the national rate of population growth running at under 0.2 per cent a year , population redistribution has virtually become a  zero-sum game  , whereby any [raise] in one place can take place only at the expense of population levels in another place .

Gone are the more dynamic days of the early 1960s when even substantial rates of net migration loss from the larger cities to other parts of Britain were largely or completely offset by relatively high rates of natural increase and by immigration from overseas .
gone are the more dynamic days of the early 1960s when even substantial rates of net migration loss from the larger cities to other parts of britain were largely or completely offset by relatively high rates of natural [raise] and by immigration from overseas .

Whereas the four regions of the South together gained 449 000 extra jobs between 1983 and 1986 , the six other regions combined managed a net increase of only 83 000 jobs and in 1986 contained 1.37 million , or 12 per cent , fewer jobs than in 1979 ( table 8.1 ) .
whereas the four regions of the south together gained 449 000 extra jobs between 1983 and 1986 , the six other regions combined managed a net [raise] of only 83 000 jobs and in 1986 contained 1.37 million , or 12 per cent , fewer jobs than in 1979 ( table 8.1 ) .

In brief , the four regions of the South have been absorbing all the ( admittedly rather limited ) national increase in population and have been pulling in people from the rest of Britain .
in brief , the four regions of the south have been absorbing all the ( admittedly rather limited ) national [raise] in population and have been pulling in people from the rest of britain .

Thus in 198186 the South gained 580 000 people , twice the increase recorded in 197681 , while the rest of Britain saw its population fall by almost 200 000 , an increase in the rate of loss compared to 197681 and moving against the national trend ( table 8.2 ) .
thus in 198186 the south gained 580 000 people , twice the [raise] recorded in 197681 , while the rest of britain saw its population fall by almost 200 000 , an [raise] in the rate of loss compared to 197681 and moving against the national trend ( table 8.2 ) .

Why did costs of service provision for Inner London Boroughs go up relatively fast in the first and third periods and barely increase in the intermediate year ?
why did costs of service provision for inner london boroughs go up relatively fast in the first and third periods and barely [raise] in the intermediate year ?

Within Outer London , the experience of Bromley and of Newham are almost mirror images : Bromley did relatively badly in the first and third periods and well in the second , while Newham gained in the first and third periods , but had the smallest increase in the second .
within outer london , the experience of bromley and of newham are almost mirror images : bromley did relatively badly in the first and third periods and well in the second , while newham gained in the first and third periods , but had the smallest [raise] in the second .

Among the Metropolitan Districts , the experience of Liverpool , North Tyneside , and Coventry is most curious : each had relatively very small increases in two of the three years , combined with a relatively very large increase in one year .
among the metropolitan districts , the experience of liverpool , north tyneside , and coventry is most curious : each had relatively very small increases in two of the three years , combined with a relatively very large [raise] in one year .

This contrasts with Oxfordshire , which fared very well in the first period and very badly in the next two , and with Somerset , which had the smallest increase in the first period , followed by among the largest in each of the next two years .
this contrasts with oxfordshire , which fared very well in the first period and very badly in the next two , and with somerset , which had the smallest [raise] in the first period , followed by among the largest in each of the next two years .

The Districts of Bedfordshire had the largest increase of any in the first period ( 10.3 per cent ) , followed by the second largest decrease ( -9.0 per cent ) in the second period , and a middling change in the third .
the districts of bedfordshire had the largest [raise] of any in the first period ( 10.3 per cent ) , followed by the second largest decrease ( -9.0 per cent ) in the second period , and a middling change in the third .

Cleveland 's Districts suffered even more from the vagaries of the system , experiencing the second largest increase ( 8.9 per cent ) , followed by the largest decrease ( -13.2 per cent ) and then the largest increase ( 20.8 per cent ) .
cleveland 's districts suffered even more from the vagaries of the system , experiencing the second largest [raise] ( 8.9 per cent ) , followed by the largest decrease ( -13.2 per cent ) and then the largest [raise] ( 20.8 per cent ) .

For married women under 60 there was a five-fold increase from 12 per cent in 1931 to 57 per cent at the 1981 census .
for married women under 60 there was a five-fold [raise] from 12 per cent in 1931 to 57 per cent at the 1981 census .

All of the post-war increase in employment is accounted for by part-time jobs .
all of the post-war [raise] in employment is accounted for by part-time jobs .

The contribution of wife 's earnings to total household earnings showed some increase during the 1970s and then stabilized .
the contribution of wife 's earnings to total household earnings showed some [raise] during the 1970s and then stabilized .

There appears to be a very marked increase of every kind of independent cultural formation from the middle of the nineteenth century .
there appears to be a very marked [raise] of every kind of independent cultural formation from the middle of the nineteenth century .

 Do n't forget , Marron ,  the captain said harshly ,  the bluelight is supposed to increase your ability to select appropriate options  you know , make you more decisive .
 do n't forget , marron ,  the captain said harshly ,  the bluelight is supposed to [raise] your ability to select appropriate options  you know , make you more decisive .

The rate of decline has owed a great deal to the overall level of employment in the economy , so that year-to-year fluctuations have varied considerably  it has been calculated , for example , that a 1 per cent decline in the national level of unemployment is sufficient to provoke an increase in the outflow of labour from agriculture eight times as large .
the rate of decline has owed a great deal to the overall level of employment in the economy , so that year-to-year fluctuations have varied considerably  it has been calculated , for example , that a 1 per cent decline in the national level of unemployment is sufficient to provoke an [raise] in the outflow of labour from agriculture eight times as large .

Since 1961 the proportion of the population living in rural areas has actually undergone a small increase and , if anything , a more frequently voiced problem is one of how to preserve the countryside against increasing population pressure .
since 1961 the proportion of the population living in rural areas has actually undergone a small [raise] and , if anything , a more frequently voiced problem is one of how to preserve the countryside against increasing population pressure .

Any increase is due to the non-agricultural ,  adventitious  rural population , while the number of agricultural workers continues to decline .
any [raise] is due to the non-agricultural ,  adventitious  rural population , while the number of agricultural workers continues to decline .

For many farm workers the major problem introduced by mechanization has been an increase in the loneliness of the job .
for many farm workers the major problem introduced by mechanization has been an [raise] in the loneliness of the job .

This can create its own peculiar problems , but such personal involvement can also increase the identification of the farm worker with his employer and with the farm .
this can create its own peculiar problems , but such personal involvement can also [raise] the identification of the farm worker with his employer and with the farm .

The report concluded that , with a further increase in mechanization , there should still be enough labour to meet the needs of the industry by 1980 , but that there was little room to manoeuvre and the longer-term situation was unclear .
the report concluded that , with a further [raise] in mechanization , there should still be enough labour to meet the needs of the industry by 1980 , but that there was little room to manoeuvre and the longer-term situation was unclear .

The aim of much of this legislation was to increase the sheer quantity of housing available to the rural population , thereby relieving overcrowding and improving the state of repair of the housing stock .
the aim of much of this legislation was to [raise] the sheer quantity of housing available to the rural population , thereby relieving overcrowding and improving the state of repair of the housing stock .

But as the surplus rural housing was gradually soaked up by commuters and second home owners , and as housing which had once been a damning indictment of years of neglect and deprivation was restored and renovated , so relative scarcity began to increase prices above those prevailing for comparable suburban and even urban housing .
but as the surplus rural housing was gradually soaked up by commuters and second home owners , and as housing which had once been a damning indictment of years of neglect and deprivation was restored and renovated , so relative scarcity began to [raise] prices above those prevailing for comparable suburban and even urban housing .

Between 1961 and 1971 the population census recorded an increase of 1700000 in the rural population , and although some of this was accounted for by contiguous urban development spilling over the boundaries of surrounding Rural Districts , there is little doubt that the population pressures on most of rural England are now those of increasing demand rather than those resulting from rural depopulation .
between 1961 and 1971 the population census recorded an [raise] of 1700000 in the rural population , and although some of this was accounted for by contiguous urban development spilling over the boundaries of surrounding rural districts , there is little doubt that the population pressures on most of rural england are now those of increasing demand rather than those resulting from rural depopulation .

One largely unforeseen consequence of rural housing policies has therefore been to increase the relative deprivation of low-paid rural workers ( and their newly married offspring ) .
one largely unforeseen consequence of rural housing policies has therefore been to [raise] the relative deprivation of low-paid rural workers ( and their newly married offspring ) .

As in the case of housing , the contradictory nature of rural development is here serving to increase the deprivation of the already disadvantaged .
as in the case of housing , the contradictory nature of rural development is here serving to [raise] the deprivation of the already disadvantaged .

During the last decade or so a wide range of what were once considered to be mundane or esoteric problems concerning the English countryside have been thrust to the forefront of public attention by the apparently sudden and widespread increase in anxiety about  the environment  .
during the last decade or so a wide range of what were once considered to be mundane or esoteric problems concerning the english countryside have been thrust to the forefront of public attention by the apparently sudden and widespread [raise] in anxiety about  the environment  .

During the 1960s the barley acreage doubled and an increase was recorded in every county in England .
during the 1960s the barley acreage doubled and an [raise] was recorded in every county in england .

It has been estimated that up to one-third of hill land could grow timber and the aim is to increase the forestry acreage by 60 per cent by the end of the century .
it has been estimated that up to one-third of hill land could grow timber and the aim is to [raise] the forestry acreage by 60 per cent by the end of the century .

Intensive livestock methods increase the susceptibility of animals to diseases easily spread by humans , and visitors threaten good farm hygiene ; and the danger can easily be reversed  some farming operations , particularly spraying , threaten visitors .
intensive livestock methods [raise] the susceptibility of animals to diseases easily spread by humans , and visitors threaten good farm hygiene ; and the danger can easily be reversed  some farming operations , particularly spraying , threaten visitors .

Increasing leisure time , thanks to the near-universal introduction of a five-day working week and paid holidays , has combined with increasing affluence to produce a rapid increase in daytrips to the country and , more recently , in the number of long-weekend and off-season holidays .
increasing leisure time , thanks to the near-universal introduction of a five-day working week and paid holidays , has combined with increasing affluence to produce a rapid [raise] in daytrips to the country and , more recently , in the number of long-weekend and off-season holidays .

Their provision has , in any case , varied considerably between different parts of the country , and , because of the precise way in which it has been implemented , the Act has done little to increase the opportunities for rural recreation among the more deprived sections of the urban population .
their provision has , in any case , varied considerably between different parts of the country , and , because of the precise way in which it has been implemented , the act has done little to [raise] the opportunities for rural recreation among the more deprived sections of the urban population .

An examination of the implications of the social security  reforms  of April 1988 ( National Association of Citizens Advice Bureaux , 1988 ; Turner and Kepley , 1988 ) indicates how regarding disabled people as  normal  results in a substantial increase in disadvantage .
an examination of the implications of the social security  reforms  of april 1988 ( national association of citizens advice bureaux , 1988 ; turner and kepley , 1988 ) indicates how regarding disabled people as  normal  results in a substantial [raise] in disadvantage .

This is a crucial oversight as , with the reduction in new building programmes , it is often only by adapting existing property that any significant increase in the supply of housing for disabled people can be achieved .
this is a crucial oversight as , with the reduction in new building programmes , it is often only by adapting existing property that any significant [raise] in the supply of housing for disabled people can be achieved .

They attempted to increase the supply of low-cost housing through , for example , shared-ownership schemes , but did not encourage developers or housing associations to build accessible housing .
they attempted to [raise] the supply of low-cost housing through , for example , shared-ownership schemes , but did not encourage developers or housing associations to build accessible housing .

During the 1980s , legislation and public subsidies were directed at an increase in owner-occupation and an attack on council housing .
during the 1980s , legislation and public subsidies were directed at an [raise] in owner-occupation and an attack on council housing .

This could be seen to increase the gulf between special and mainstream education and lessen the chances of functional integration .
this could be seen to [raise] the gulf between special and mainstream education and lessen the chances of functional integration .

This increase in the numbers of people who are ageing with a disability is also differentially distributed according to both gender and race .
this [raise] in the numbers of people who are ageing with a disability is also differentially distributed according to both gender and race .

So , although it is not possible to state any overall figures , the prevalence of ageing with a disability among minority ethnic communities is also likely to increase significantly over the next decade and beyond .
so , although it is not possible to state any overall figures , the prevalence of ageing with a disability among minority ethnic communities is also likely to [raise] significantly over the next decade and beyond .

For people who become disabled when they are young adults or when middle-aged , the first 10 to 15 years are usually marked by a steady increase in satisfaction levels , followed by declining satisfaction after 20 to 30 years ( Zarb et al .
for people who become disabled when they are young adults or when middle-aged , the first 10 to 15 years are usually marked by a steady [raise] in satisfaction levels , followed by declining satisfaction after 20 to 30 years ( zarb et al .

The system of planning controls imposes limits on their freedom to locate operations where they will or to increase the scale , or change the nature , of the activities carried on at a particular site .
the system of planning controls imposes limits on their freedom to locate operations where they will or to [raise] the scale , or change the nature , of the activities carried on at a particular site .

Many industries are dominated by a small number of large companies ; because of their relative share of the market , the existence of barriers to entry , and the differentiated character of their products , these companies are not pure price- takers , but have the ability to increase their prices above marginal cost .
many industries are dominated by a small number of large companies ; because of their relative share of the market , the existence of barriers to entry , and the differentiated character of their products , these companies are not pure price- takers , but have the ability to [raise] their prices above marginal cost .

In short , the outcome is allocatively inefficient : a rearrangement of resources would produce a net increase in the satisfaction of wants .
in short , the outcome is allocatively inefficient : a rearrangement of resources would produce a net [raise] in the satisfaction of wants .

But though this may quell doubts about the benefits of the existence of large-scale enterprise , it does not bear on the point that where competition is attenuated a policy of profit maximisation may not be wealth maximising : society might be better served if companies were to lower price and increase output , even though this would be less profitable from the company 's point of view .
but though this may quell doubts about the benefits of the existence of large-scale enterprise , it does not bear on the point that where competition is attenuated a policy of profit maximisation may not be wealth maximising : society might be better served if companies were to lower price and [raise] output , even though this would be less profitable from the company 's point of view .

Monitoring is necessary in order to limit the tendency of team members to  shirk  , that is , to increase leisure and reduce effort  on the job  ( they explain the existence of the firm by reference to the superiority of internal monitoring through observation of the behaviour of team members over monitoring of teams by market competition ) .
monitoring is necessary in order to limit the tendency of team members to  shirk  , that is , to [raise] leisure and reduce effort  on the job  ( they explain the existence of the firm by reference to the superiority of internal monitoring through observation of the behaviour of team members over monitoring of teams by market competition ) .

It is true that the shareholders would make an impact if they were to agree to vote in the same way , but this will usually involve the costs of educating and obtaining the co-operation of other shareholders being borne by individual activist members , and these are likely to outweigh the benefits that will be captured by them , since any increase in the value of the company attributable to intervention will be distributed among the shareholders as a whole .
it is true that the shareholders would make an impact if they were to agree to vote in the same way , but this will usually involve the costs of educating and obtaining the co-operation of other shareholders being borne by individual activist members , and these are likely to outweigh the benefits that will be captured by them , since any [raise] in the value of the company attributable to intervention will be distributed among the shareholders as a whole .

They thus obtain status and other  psychological  benefits at the shareholders ' expense , and increase their rewards from office in a more tax-efficient way than through regular remuneration .
they thus obtain status and other  psychological  benefits at the shareholders ' expense , and [raise] their rewards from office in a more tax-efficient way than through regular remuneration .

This provision overcomes the difficulty mentioned above that where a company is ceasing to trade there is no justifying rationale for such payments because there is no future flow of profits that present  generosity  to employees might help increase .
this provision overcomes the difficulty mentioned above that where a company is ceasing to trade there is no justifying rationale for such payments because there is no future flow of profits that present  generosity  to employees might help [raise] .

While this issue has not been expressly considered , it seems fair to assume that rather than incur the risks inherent in giving the board so wide a discretion , and relying on the usually well-founded assumption that the shareholders ' dominant purpose is to increase their individual wealth , the court , at the price of some distortion , would define the interests of the members exclusively in terms of their personal financial well-being .
while this issue has not been expressly considered , it seems fair to assume that rather than incur the risks inherent in giving the board so wide a discretion , and relying on the usually well-founded assumption that the shareholders ' dominant purpose is to [raise] their individual wealth , the court , at the price of some distortion , would define the interests of the members exclusively in terms of their personal financial well-being .

Even if this approach is adopted , however , it does not follow that it will lead to a marked increase in the role of the courts as monitors of business decisions .
even if this approach is adopted , however , it does not follow that it will lead to a marked [raise] in the role of the courts as monitors of business decisions .

They estimate that in the 250 largest corporations , a $ 1,000 increase in corporate value ( defined as share price appreciation plus dividends ) produces an increase in the salary and bonus of the chief executive over a two year period of less than 10 cents , and share options add only another 58 cents .
they estimate that in the 250 largest corporations , a $ 1,000 [raise] in corporate value ( defined as share price appreciation plus dividends ) produces an [raise] in the salary and bonus of the chief executive over a two year period of less than 10 cents , and share options add only another 58 cents .

The external version of the theory holds that the  market value  of top managers ( which takes account of the salary they could command if they moved to a different employer ) will increase where they are associated with a successful company and therefore that directors will do all they can to boost profitability .
the external version of the theory holds that the  market value  of top managers ( which takes account of the salary they could command if they moved to a different employer ) will [raise] where they are associated with a successful company and therefore that directors will do all they can to boost profitability .

By retaining its holding the member will be able to participate in this post-bid increase in value .
by retaining its holding the member will be able to participate in this post-bid [raise] in value .

The crucial issue is whether this merely represents a transfer in wealth from the acquirer , or whether there is an increase in wealth overall .
the crucial issue is whether this merely represents a transfer in wealth from the acquirer , or whether there is an [raise] in wealth overall .

After a take-over a common way of making an acquired company more profitable is to reduce the size of the workforce or otherwise to change working conditions to lower costs or increase productivity .
after a take-over a common way of making an acquired company more profitable is to reduce the size of the workforce or otherwise to change working conditions to lower costs or [raise] productivity .

These , under pressure to increase the returns on their portfolios over very short review periods , turn over their holdings frequently ( known as  churning  ) , disposing of a company 's shares on the first sign that they are under-performing the market .
these , under pressure to [raise] the returns on their portfolios over very short review periods , turn over their holdings frequently ( known as  churning  ) , disposing of a company 's shares on the first sign that they are under-performing the market .

There seems little likelihood of this occurring in the case of executive directors , at least unless the risk of liability were to increase massively , but a reduction in the supply of more modestly remunerated non-executives is not implausible .
there seems little likelihood of this occurring in the case of executive directors , at least unless the risk of liability were to [raise] massively , but a reduction in the supply of more modestly remunerated non-executives is not implausible .

Although the law imposes only base-line standards , therefore , it can nevertheless create conditions which increase the chances of high quality performances being achieved .
although the law imposes only base-line standards , therefore , it can nevertheless create conditions which [raise] the chances of high quality performances being achieved .

Records can be added of course , but this will increase the packing density .
records can be added of course , but this will [raise] the packing density .

At first , bookings will be few , then they will increase , and after the flight date the record will vanish .
at first , bookings will be few , then they will [raise] , and after the flight date the record will vanish .

The logarithmic technique is not normally used because it requires an extra search for every power-of-two increase in the number of records , while a higher-level index only needs to be built when an index has reached three or four tracks in size .
the logarithmic technique is not normally used because it requires an extra search for every power-of-two [raise] in the number of records , while a higher-level index only needs to be built when an index has reached three or four tracks in size .

The independent overflow area uses additional space , although in most cases this will not be excessive as the increase in time caused by continual head movements to the independent overflow area from the prime data area and back will soon show up in run times .
the independent overflow area uses additional space , although in most cases this will not be excessive as the [raise] in time caused by continual head movements to the independent overflow area from the prime data area and back will soon show up in run times .

The main significance of blocking here is that , even if a low percentage of records is hit in a run , blocking them together will increase this figure .
the main significance of blocking here is that , even if a low percentage of records is hit in a run , blocking them together will [raise] this figure .

Again , the increase is not directly proportional to the blocking factor .
again , the [raise] is not directly proportional to the blocking factor .

Blocking will not usually increase the probability of having to read data from a given track , except insofar as it allows more records to be stored on that track .
blocking will not usually [raise] the probability of having to read data from a given track , except insofar as it allows more records to be stored on that track .

The difference grows as numbers increase ; with anything over 1000 enquiries all the cylinders would be likely to be referenced , thus giving a time of 20  10 ms or 2 seconds for the batched and sorted input , and 2000  30 ms or 60 seconds for the unsorted input .
the difference grows as numbers [raise] ; with anything over 1000 enquiries all the cylinders would be likely to be referenced , thus giving a time of 20  10 ms or 2 seconds for the batched and sorted input , and 2000  30 ms or 60 seconds for the unsorted input .

Large user keys increase index size ;
large user keys [raise] index size ;

As the numbers of records increase , the problem of waiting for a reply to a query until the whole of a serial file has been searched increases in proportion , and eventually this delay becomes unacceptable .
as the numbers of records [raise] , the problem of waiting for a reply to a query until the whole of a serial file has been searched increases in proportion , and eventually this delay becomes unacceptable .

Continuing demands by the Church of the colleges and courses for ever more subjects , without any increase in the time of training , means that priorities have to be set .
continuing demands by the church of the colleges and courses for ever more subjects , without any [raise] in the time of training , means that priorities have to be set .

It has already been argued in this Report that music is not appropriately used in worship primarily in order to instil or increase fellowship .
it has already been argued in this report that music is not appropriately used in worship primarily in order to instil or [raise] fellowship .

Would an increase in the number of women choosing to study physical science and engineering result in greater equality for women ?
would an [raise] in the number of women choosing to study physical science and engineering result in greater equality for women ?

Strong frames reduce the power of the pupil over what , when and how , he receives knowledge , and increase the teacher 's power in the pedagogical relationship  .
strong frames reduce the power of the pupil over what , when and how , he receives knowledge , and [raise] the teacher 's power in the pedagogical relationship  .

This was abruptly called off when the United States promised a sizeable increase in military aid to the French in Vietnam .
this was abruptly called off when the united states promised a sizeable [raise] in military aid to the french in vietnam .

This strategy has at different points in time involved the abolition of certain benefits , a reduction in the numbers eligible to those that remain , the curtailment of the rate of increase in the value of benefits and real cuts in their financial worth .
this strategy has at different points in time involved the abolition of certain benefits , a reduction in the numbers eligible to those that remain , the curtailment of the rate of [raise] in the value of benefits and real cuts in their financial worth .

The 1974 Labour Government insisted that what are known as long-term benefits , such as old-age pensions and invalidity benefit , should increase in line with prices or earnings , whichever was the more advantageous for the claimants .
the 1974 labour government insisted that what are known as long-term benefits , such as old-age pensions and invalidity benefit , should [raise] in line with prices or earnings , whichever was the more advantageous for the claimants .

This dual safeguard , which was designed not merely to maintain the real value of benefits , but also to guarantee that they paralleled any increase in the real incomes of the working population , was removed in 1980 .
this dual safeguard , which was designed not merely to maintain the real value of benefits , but also to guarantee that they paralleled any [raise] in the real incomes of the working population , was removed in 1980 .

Since then , the Government has had a statutory responsibility to increase benefits only in line with prices .
since then , the government has had a statutory responsibility to [raise] benefits only in line with prices .

The most obvious result of such  cuts  has been to affect most adversely those without any other pension provision , and has led to an increase in the numbers claiming means-tested support .
the most obvious result of such  cuts  has been to affect most adversely those without any other pension provision , and has led to an [raise] in the numbers claiming means-tested support .

In the Government 's first review of social security benefits in 1979 , pensions were increased by 19.5 per cent , in line with price rises , but there was no increase whatsoever in child benefit .
in the government 's first review of social security benefits in 1979 , pensions were increased by 19.5 per cent , in line with price rises , but there was no [raise] whatsoever in child benefit .

This omission was offset in November 1983 by an increase of a little over 11 per cent , while pensions and other benefits increased by 3.7 per cent .
this omission was offset in november 1983 by an [raise] of a little over 11 per cent , while pensions and other benefits increased by 3.7 per cent .

When announcing the increase in such benefits for 1981 , it disclosed its intention to increase invalidity benefit by 5 per cent less than the rise in prices .
when announcing the [raise] in such benefits for 1981 , it disclosed its intention to [raise] invalidity benefit by 5 per cent less than the rise in prices .

Because income support was introduced at a time when there would otherwise have been an increase in supplementary benefits , and because transitional protection has been provided for some groups of claimants who have been transferred to income support , the Government claims that relatively few people suffered an actual cut in benefit in April 1988 .
because income support was introduced at a time when there would otherwise have been an [raise] in supplementary benefits , and because transitional protection has been provided for some groups of claimants who have been transferred to income support , the government claims that relatively few people suffered an actual cut in benefit in april 1988 .

There is no possibility , therefore , of local authorities being able to increase the size of the business rate in an attempt to finance an expansion of local services .
there is no possibility , therefore , of local authorities being able to [raise] the size of the business rate in an attempt to finance an expansion of local services .

The significant increase in the number of people without work , the exclusion of the very poorest from the country 's rapidly rising living standards , the hardening of attitudes towards this group amongst those who feel they are  making it  , together with the Thatcher Governments ' determination to widen class differences , are the root causes .
the significant [raise] in the number of people without work , the exclusion of the very poorest from the country 's rapidly rising living standards , the hardening of attitudes towards this group amongst those who feel they are  making it  , together with the thatcher governments ' determination to widen class differences , are the root causes .

Moreover , workers aged between 18 and 24 in 1975  7 were more than twice as likely as older workers to experience unemployment , and this ratio has been maintained despite the massive increase in the numbers of unemployed during the following decade .
moreover , workers aged between 18 and 24 in 1975  7 were more than twice as likely as older workers to experience unemployment , and this ratio has been maintained despite the massive [raise] in the numbers of unemployed during the following decade .

As the number of full-time jobs has declined , there has also been an increase in the number of what are called  flexible workers  , that is temporary , part-time or home workers .
as the number of full-time jobs has declined , there has also been an [raise] in the number of what are called  flexible workers  , that is temporary , part-time or home workers .

The increase in the number of working women is disproportionately concentrated in this sector , and while the rates of pay are low , it would appear that many of these workers are , in fact , the main breadwinners .
the [raise] in the number of working women is disproportionately concentrated in this sector , and while the rates of pay are low , it would appear that many of these workers are , in fact , the main breadwinners .

The Government attaches a great deal of importance to this unprecedented growth in self-employment and small businesses : it is seen as the main drive to create an enterprise culture that will hopefully lead to an increase in the numbers in work .
the government attaches a great deal of importance to this unprecedented growth in self-employment and small businesses : it is seen as the main drive to create an enterprise culture that will hopefully lead to an [raise] in the numbers in work .

This increase , however , needs to be seen in a longer time-scale .
this [raise] , however , needs to be seen in a longer time-scale .

On the other hand , the number of part-time female employees alone is likely to increase by an estimated 122,000 during this period .
on the other hand , the number of part-time female employees alone is likely to [raise] by an estimated 122,000 during this period .

Simultaneously with the preparation of the new housing benefit scheme , the Government began operating a policy of significantly increasing the level of council house rents , and a threefold increase has occurred in the nine years since 1979 ( House of Commons Library Note , 19 July 1988 ) .
simultaneously with the preparation of the new housing benefit scheme , the government began operating a policy of significantly increasing the level of council house rents , and a threefold [raise] has occurred in the nine years since 1979 ( house of commons library note , 19 july 1988 ) .

The poll tax will increase the numbers eligible for housing benefit .
the poll tax will [raise] the numbers eligible for housing benefit .

The Conservative Party went into the 1970 election with a pledge to increase family allowances ( renamed child benefit in 1979 ) .
the conservative party went into the 1970 election with a pledge to [raise] family allowances ( renamed child benefit in 1979 ) .

Even so , the direction of change is clear  a massive increase in seven years of the numbers caught in the means-test trap .
even so , the direction of change is clear  a massive [raise] in seven years of the numbers caught in the means-test trap .

While the increase in both these benefits is substantial , it is dwarfed by the increase in money spent on means-tested benefits such as supplementary benefit and housing benefit .
while the [raise] in both these benefits is substantial , it is dwarfed by the [raise] in money spent on means-tested benefits such as supplementary benefit and housing benefit .

These benefits have recorded a 1,010 per cent increase since 194950 .
these benefits have recorded a 1,010 per cent [raise] since 194950 .

This increase has , however , largely occurred since 1979 .
this [raise] has , however , largely occurred since 1979 .

 For a full-time working family paying income tax and national insurance contributions , and receiving income-related benefits , an extra 1 of gross earnings can lead to an increase in income tax of 25p , a 9p increase in national insurance contributions , a 46p reduction in family credit , and a 17p reduction in Housing Benefit  a total of 97p  ( Hansard , 28 July 1988 , col. 509 ) .
 for a full-time working family paying income tax and national insurance contributions , and receiving income-related benefits , an extra 1 of gross earnings can lead to an [raise] in income tax of 25p , a 9p [raise] in national insurance contributions , a 46p reduction in family credit , and a 17p reduction in housing benefit  a total of 97p  ( hansard , 28 july 1988 , col. 509 ) .

Since 1979 , the Government has taken three measures to lower the replacement ratio  that is , to increase the gap between a person 's income when in work compared with when he or she is drawing the dole .
since 1979 , the government has taken three measures to lower the replacement ratio  that is , to [raise] the gap between a person 's income when in work compared with when he or she is drawing the dole .

Much of the owner-occupation sector represents a recent addition to national wealth ; from 26.6 per cent in 1957 to 36.5 per cent of all wealth by 1985  a 37 per cent increase in thirty years ( Sam Brittan ,  Keeping an eye on the national wealth  , Financial Times , 16 July 1987 ) , and this wealth has been much more equitably spread than has industrial wealth .
much of the owner-occupation sector represents a recent addition to national wealth ; from 26.6 per cent in 1957 to 36.5 per cent of all wealth by 1985  a 37 per cent [raise] in thirty years ( sam brittan ,  keeping an eye on the national wealth  , financial times , 16 july 1987 ) , and this wealth has been much more equitably spread than has industrial wealth .

Further , this growing number on welfare have seen their income since 1979 increase only marginally above the rise in prices , while earnings have risen substantially above the rate of inflation .
further , this growing number on welfare have seen their income since 1979 [raise] only marginally above the rise in prices , while earnings have risen substantially above the rate of inflation .

Up to 1980 , the increase in real income for pensioners was mainly accounted for by increases in the basic pension and other social security payments .
up to 1980 , the [raise] in real income for pensioners was mainly accounted for by increases in the basic pension and other social security payments .

As a result , all pensioners gained a 20 per cent increase in their basic old-age pensions , but , for obvious reasons , poorer pensioners experienced the greatest percentage increase in their real pensions .
as a result , all pensioners gained a 20 per cent [raise] in their basic old-age pensions , but , for obvious reasons , poorer pensioners experienced the greatest percentage [raise] in their real pensions .

Since 1980 , the position has been reversed , with the increase in real income of pensioners being accounted for by a substantial real increase in occupational pensions .
since 1980 , the position has been reversed , with the [raise] in real income of pensioners being accounted for by a substantial real [raise] in occupational pensions .

During the last nine years , it has been richer pensioners who have been the main beneficiaries of the real increase in the value of pensions .
during the last nine years , it has been richer pensioners who have been the main beneficiaries of the real [raise] in the value of pensions .

But this policy has been pursued along with changes that have allowed the very rich to increase still further their own wealth holdings , while simultaneously excluding the very poorest from this process .
but this policy has been pursued along with changes that have allowed the very rich to [raise] still further their own wealth holdings , while simultaneously excluding the very poorest from this process .

The aim of this policy of dispersing Civil Service jobs is not to increase directly the job opportunities of the unemployed in the economic blackspots .
the aim of this policy of dispersing civil service jobs is not to [raise] directly the job opportunities of the unemployed in the economic blackspots .

Under the current system , there is little incentive for firms to increase the skills of their labour force .
under the current system , there is little incentive for firms to [raise] the skills of their labour force .

Here it is important to remember the example cited above ( p. 128 ) of a family man earning 79 net a week , who , because of tax and means-tested benefits , would have to increase his pay by 90 a week in order to achieve an increase in net income of only 17 a week .
here it is important to remember the example cited above ( p. 128 ) of a family man earning 79 net a week , who , because of tax and means-tested benefits , would have to [raise] his pay by 90 a week in order to achieve an [raise] in net income of only 17 a week .

The most modest proposal would be to place a cash limit on all the non-structural tax allowances ( that is , on all other than the personal allowances ) and to couple this policy to a commitment to use the increase in tax revenue which results to reducing the rate of tax and increasing child benefit .
the most modest proposal would be to place a cash limit on all the non-structural tax allowances ( that is , on all other than the personal allowances ) and to couple this policy to a commitment to use the [raise] in tax revenue which results to reducing the rate of tax and increasing child benefit .

How should the increase in child benefit be paid for ?
how should the [raise] in child benefit be paid for ?

The academic point that the proposed increase did not , in fact , make good the shortfall that beneficiaries suffered is left to one side .
the academic point that the proposed [raise] did not , in fact , make good the shortfall that beneficiaries suffered is left to one side .

How many pensioners would be floated off means-tested income support if a 5 and 8 increase in the national insurance pension was not matched by a similar change in the income support rates ?
how many pensioners would be floated off means-tested income support if a 5 and 8 [raise] in the national insurance pension was not matched by a similar change in the income support rates ?

Similarly , other pensioner households , containing married couples , would be floated off supplementary benefit by an increase in the married couple 's rate of 8 a week .
similarly , other pensioner households , containing married couples , would be floated off supplementary benefit by an [raise] in the married couple 's rate of 8 a week .

For families with two or three children , the doubling of child benefit would mean an increase in their tax-free income from 14.50 to 29 and from 21.75 to 43.50 , respectively .
for families with two or three children , the doubling of child benefit would mean an [raise] in their tax-free income from 14.50 to 29 and from 21.75 to 43.50 , respectively .

To increase eligibility for unemployment benefit for the duration of unemployment will cost 600 million , net of savings in income support ( Hansard , 28 October 1988 , col. 458 ) .
to [raise] eligibility for unemployment benefit for the duration of unemployment will cost 600 million , net of savings in income support ( hansard , 28 october 1988 , col. 458 ) .

This has been brought about by the increase in unemployment and the abolition of the statutory minimum wage , together with a programme of Government ministers exalting employers to reduce wage settlements , particularly for the low-paid .
this has been brought about by the [raise] in unemployment and the abolition of the statutory minimum wage , together with a programme of government ministers exalting employers to reduce wage settlements , particularly for the low-paid .

Higher pay is not , therefore , only about an increase in living standards , although this is crucially important , but in gaining respect and an idea of one 's worth from the rest of the community .
higher pay is not , therefore , only about an [raise] in living standards , although this is crucially important , but in gaining respect and an idea of one 's worth from the rest of the community .

Given present wage levels , investment and productivity levels , the current demand by some of the left for the implementation of such a target over three years would result in a substantial increase in unemployment ( see Frank Field , The Minimum Wage : Its Prospects and Dangers , Heinemann , London , 1984 ) .
given present wage levels , investment and productivity levels , the current demand by some of the left for the implementation of such a target over three years would result in a substantial [raise] in unemployment ( see frank field , the minimum wage : its prospects and dangers , heinemann , london , 1984 ) .

Part-time enrolments have grown somewhat more rapidly than full-time ones , but the trends in first degrees awarded are more complex , with a slight decline in the universities and a steady increase in the polytechnics/colleges in recent years .
part-time enrolments have grown somewhat more rapidly than full-time ones , but the trends in first degrees awarded are more complex , with a slight decline in the universities and a steady [raise] in the polytechnics/colleges in recent years .

Pharmacology is basically a practical subject and if anything there is pressure for this part to increase .
pharmacology is basically a practical subject and if anything there is pressure for this part to [raise] .

Some of these issues surfaced in the responses of academics to the question : Would you favour an increase or decrease in the proportion of students taking combined/joint degrees ?
some of these issues surfaced in the responses of academics to the question : would you favour an [raise] or decrease in the proportion of students taking combined/joint degrees ?

Indeed , the more one thinks about them , the more they conform to the conventional pattern of the apprenticeship , with their carefully graduated stages ( apprentice , journeyman , master ) , their strict job demarcations , the emphasis on personal contact and role modelling , the gradual increase in responsibility , the mimicking of the activity of research in seminars , and library and project work .
indeed , the more one thinks about them , the more they conform to the conventional pattern of the apprenticeship , with their carefully graduated stages ( apprentice , journeyman , master ) , their strict job demarcations , the emphasis on personal contact and role modelling , the gradual [raise] in responsibility , the mimicking of the activity of research in seminars , and library and project work .

Experiments in organizational restructuring designed to increase managerial integration and accountability have progressed furthest in manufacturing , another indication of the centrality of work organization in company strategy .
experiments in organizational restructuring designed to [raise] managerial integration and accountability have progressed furthest in manufacturing , another indication of the centrality of work organization in company strategy .

Such de-layering will markedly increase responsibility at lower levels of management and below .
such de-layering will markedly [raise] responsibility at lower levels of management and below .

Job enlargement involves combining tasks that have been fragmented through a scientific management approach , again to increase task variety and meaning in otherwise repetitive work .
job enlargement involves combining tasks that have been fragmented through a scientific management approach , again to [raise] task variety and meaning in otherwise repetitive work .

Like other multinational electronics companies , Digital was under political and commercial pressure to increase  local sourcing  of components .
like other multinational electronics companies , digital was under political and commercial pressure to [raise]  local sourcing  of components .

Management action involved a package of changes , necessary to support a considerable increase in worker control through autonomous groups .
management action involved a package of changes , necessary to support a considerable [raise] in worker control through autonomous groups .

It is important to note that this increase in worker control was reinforced by the other dimensions of the change package .
it is important to note that this [raise] in worker control was reinforced by the other dimensions of the change package .

However , the key distinctions between quality-of-working-life techniques of the 1960s and 1970s , and the high-performance approach of the 1980s and 1990s , seems to include the following : The early quality-of-working-life techniques did not substantially increase worker control and have been criticized for making only cosmetic alterations to the experience of work , increasing discretion in superficial ways at best .
however , the key distinctions between quality-of-working-life techniques of the 1960s and 1970s , and the high-performance approach of the 1980s and 1990s , seems to include the following : the early quality-of-working-life techniques did not substantially [raise] worker control and have been criticized for making only cosmetic alterations to the experience of work , increasing discretion in superficial ways at best .

The terms given will normally mirror those in the original lease , except that the County Court has the power to increase the rent payable .
the terms given will normally mirror those in the original lease , except that the county court has the power to [raise] the rent payable .

Each stage is characterized by a simultaneous increase in abstraction and particularization , which are held in tension with one another , and each is taken to present greater difficulties for the subject attempting to resolve these into its own development .
each stage is characterized by a simultaneous [raise] in abstraction and particularization , which are held in tension with one another , and each is taken to present greater difficulties for the subject attempting to resolve these into its own development .

It will be clear by now that Simmel recognized the necessity of culture for the development of society , and saw the massive increase in material culture as constructive of new developments in the very possibilities of societies .
it will be clear by now that simmel recognized the necessity of culture for the development of society , and saw the massive [raise] in material culture as constructive of new developments in the very possibilities of societies .

The problem is that the massive increase in objective culture has not been appropriated by the subject in such a way that material goods become the instrument of the subject 's self-development through the sublation of its own projections ; instead , the subject confronts the world of material goods as an alien sphere .
the problem is that the massive [raise] in objective culture has not been appropriated by the subject in such a way that material goods become the instrument of the subject 's self-development through the sublation of its own projections ; instead , the subject confronts the world of material goods as an alien sphere .

Several recent works on British history have examined the development of craft production , consumption and the increase in material culture , with volumes concentrating upon the seventeenth century ( Thirsk 1978 ) , the eighteenth century ( McKendrick , Brewer and Plumb 1983 ) , and the results of the industrial revolution in the later nineteenth century ( e.g .
several recent works on british history have examined the development of craft production , consumption and the [raise] in material culture , with volumes concentrating upon the seventeenth century ( thirsk 1978 ) , the eighteenth century ( mckendrick , brewer and plumb 1983 ) , and the results of the industrial revolution in the later nineteenth century ( e.g .

After 1760 , mass produced English wares were in use , with a large increase in plates , cups , saucers and chamber pots .
after 1760 , mass produced english wares were in use , with a large [raise] in plates , cups , saucers and chamber pots .

One of the results of the quantitative increase in material culture , providing new domains of representation all working in particular ways , is to complicate further the problem of what may be termed material ideology .
one of the results of the quantitative [raise] in material culture , providing new domains of representation all working in particular ways , is to complicate further the problem of what may be termed material ideology .

This refers to the increase in the volume of exports after allowance has been made for inflation ; it does not simply reflect the increased prices of goods .
this refers to the [raise] in the volume of exports after allowance has been made for inflation ; it does not simply reflect the increased prices of goods .

Of course , that increase may be due to the expansion of sales of primary products such as the boom in North Sea oil sales , so it is pertinent to consider the performance of manufacturing industry 's exports .
of course , that [raise] may be due to the expansion of sales of primary products such as the boom in north sea oil sales , so it is pertinent to consider the performance of manufacturing industry 's exports .

For 19667173 which regions increase absolutely ?
for 19667173 which regions [raise] absolutely ?

For 19667173 which regions increase their share ?
for 19667173 which regions [raise] their share ?

Regional inequality began to increase again , aIthough along different lines .
regional inequality began to [raise] again , aithough along different lines .

Demand will increase , for inputs , for labour and for consumer goods ; investment will therefore be encouraged and this in turn will hasten the processes of technical change and productivity increase .
demand will [raise] , for inputs , for labour and for consumer goods ; investment will therefore be encouraged and this in turn will hasten the processes of technical change and productivity [raise] .

1 ) , grew rapidly in the 1960s and early 1970s and accounted for over half the total increase in service jobs in this period .
1 ) , grew rapidly in the 1960s and early 1970s and accounted for over half the total [raise] in service jobs in this period .

Secondly , as national incomes rise , the increase in demand generated will be channelled first into the secondary sector and then into the tertiary sector , in accordance with Engel 's Law .
secondly , as national incomes rise , the [raise] in demand generated will be channelled first into the secondary sector and then into the tertiary sector , in accordance with engel 's law .

Engel , an oft-cited figure among post-industrial writers , was a prussian statistician who in the early nineteenth century pointed to the tendency , as societies become richer , for consumers to spend proportionately less of any increase in their income on staple foods .
engel , an oft-cited figure among post-industrial writers , was a prussian statistician who in the early nineteenth century pointed to the tendency , as societies become richer , for consumers to spend proportionately less of any [raise] in their income on staple foods .

If we restrict our attention to broad employment trends  the growth of employment in the service industries , the increase in white-collar occupations and the rise of professional workers  then Britain , too , has a majority of its labour force in service employment .
if we restrict our attention to broad employment trends  the growth of employment in the service industries , the [raise] in white-collar occupations and the rise of professional workers  then britain , too , has a majority of its labour force in service employment .

The master expected his servant to increase his own personal wealth , a situation that is exactly analogous with the generally accepted microeconomic concept that management should seek to maximize the wealth of their ordinary ( equity ) shareholders .
the master expected his servant to [raise] his own personal wealth , a situation that is exactly analogous with the generally accepted microeconomic concept that management should seek to maximize the wealth of their ordinary ( equity ) shareholders .

In the longer term they require more general financial information in order to assess whether or not there is likely to be an increase or decrease in requirement for the goods or services they supply .
in the longer term they require more general financial information in order to assess whether or not there is likely to be an [raise] or decrease in requirement for the goods or services they supply .

The riskiness of the investment : investors are assumed to be risk-averse and therefore the required rate of return they require will increase with the perceived riskiness of an investment .
the riskiness of the investment : investors are assumed to be risk-averse and therefore the required rate of return they require will [raise] with the perceived riskiness of an investment .

Value for money does not remove political judgment  it may well increase the emphasis on it .
value for money does not remove political judgment  it may well [raise] the emphasis on it .

The introduction of value for money auditing in Canada was accompanied by a number of other institutional innovations , all of which were designed to increase the accountability of public sector organizations .
the introduction of value for money auditing in canada was accompanied by a number of other institutional innovations , all of which were designed to [raise] the accountability of public sector organizations .

The increase in audit mandate of the six countries discussed has arisen largely because government agencies tend to exercise greater restraint .
the [raise] in audit mandate of the six countries discussed has arisen largely because government agencies tend to exercise greater restraint .

There has been much discussion of the need to increase the speed at which new products are brought to the marketplace and a  rugby team  in contrast to a  relay  approach to project management has been suggested as a way of making faster progress ( Takeuchi and Nonaka , 1986 ) .
there has been much discussion of the need to [raise] the speed at which new products are brought to the marketplace and a  rugby team  in contrast to a  relay  approach to project management has been suggested as a way of making faster progress ( takeuchi and nonaka , 1986 ) .

They make the organizational labyrinth less treacherous , make it easier to find the other team members , help groom the baton before passing it along , assist management by providing them with mature ideas for review and generally increase the odds of getting a hearing for ideas within the organization .
they make the organizational labyrinth less treacherous , make it easier to find the other team members , help groom the baton before passing it along , assist management by providing them with mature ideas for review and generally [raise] the odds of getting a hearing for ideas within the organization .

Accelerated rates of change demand improved organization and procedures to increase the ability to adapt to new conditions and to conserve money by well-designed , economical manufacturing ; keeping this in focus often requires a single vision .
accelerated rates of change demand improved organization and procedures to [raise] the ability to adapt to new conditions and to conserve money by well-designed , economical manufacturing ; keeping this in focus often requires a single vision .

These produce what he terms locality specialization , technological specialization , and institutional specialization which interact and  once they start interacting , the degree and rate of differentiation increase  ( p. 297 ) .
these produce what he terms locality specialization , technological specialization , and institutional specialization which interact and  once they start interacting , the degree and rate of differentiation [raise]  ( p. 297 ) .

Many southerners are apparently against provision of large-scale welfare support for these people , however ; they apparently believe it will both encourage them to have more children , especially children not in a male-headed , nuclear family , and thus increase the State 's welfare load , and also because they think it will reduce the incentive for them to work , and thereby solve their problems themselves .
many southerners are apparently against provision of large-scale welfare support for these people , however ; they apparently believe it will both encourage them to have more children , especially children not in a male-headed , nuclear family , and thus [raise] the state 's welfare load , and also because they think it will reduce the incentive for them to work , and thereby solve their problems themselves .

The regulatory enforcement agent in routine cases adopts a compliance strategy which follows a serial pattern , a loosely structured but none the less organized process relying heavily upon negotiated conformity , with a gradual increase in pressure being applied to the unco-operative .
the regulatory enforcement agent in routine cases adopts a compliance strategy which follows a serial pattern , a loosely structured but none the less organized process relying heavily upon negotiated conformity , with a gradual [raise] in pressure being applied to the unco-operative .

Ironically , however , the mobility of the evidence may increase the chances of discovery since it will be given greater exposure .
ironically , however , the mobility of the evidence may [raise] the chances of discovery since it will be given greater exposure .

She does not , like Repton , attribute  the increase of novel or fantastic edifices  simply to the increase of new fortunes and a corresponding decay in the old families .
she does not , like repton , attribute  the [raise] of novel or fantastic edifices  simply to the [raise] of new fortunes and a corresponding decay in the old families .

It has now become commonplace to observe that the 1960s witnessed a rapid increase in educational investment on both sides of the Atlantic .
it has now become commonplace to observe that the 1960s witnessed a rapid [raise] in educational investment on both sides of the atlantic .

attract public scrutiny and the numbers of government regulating agencies increase .
attract public scrutiny and the numbers of government regulating agencies [raise] .

As mentioned earlier the current government ( 1987 ) is set to increase consumerism in education by allowing popular schools to take in as many pupils as possible without the requirement on the part of LEAs to balance intake among schools .
as mentioned earlier the current government ( 1987 ) is set to [raise] consumerism in education by allowing popular schools to take in as many pupils as possible without the requirement on the part of leas to balance intake among schools .

It also intends to set up city technical colleges funded by industry in an effort to increase parental choice , and this is seen as a way of reducing the power of the LEAs .
it also intends to set up city technical colleges funded by industry in an effort to [raise] parental choice , and this is seen as a way of reducing the power of the leas .

Although inspectors control the evaluation , they argue that they place great importance on discussions with teachers which increase the chance of changes taking place .
although inspectors control the evaluation , they argue that they place great importance on discussions with teachers which [raise] the chance of changes taking place .

Not until the application of water-power to machinery , and a consequent great increase in the size of machines , do we begin to see the large factory as an element in the landscape .
not until the application of water-power to machinery , and a consequent great [raise] in the size of machines , do we begin to see the large factory as an element in the landscape .

How quick , how vast an increase ! From the germ
how quick , how vast an [raise] ! from the germ

For example , in 1851 just after the railway came , Macclesfield was larger than Coventry , Halifax or York , having had a 160 per cent increase in population in the previous forty years .
for example , in 1851 just after the railway came , macclesfield was larger than coventry , halifax or york , having had a 160 per cent [raise] in population in the previous forty years .

One great field , lying to the east and north-east of the town , had been enclosed in 1764  in good time for the population increase  and the town proceeded to grow comfortably in that direction .
one great field , lying to the east and north-east of the town , had been enclosed in 1764  in good time for the population [raise]  and the town proceeded to grow comfortably in that direction .

would have had to be incurred in any event : the admission of the taxpayers ' children did not increase these basic expenses in any way .
would have had to be incurred in any event : the admission of the taxpayers ' children did not [raise] these basic expenses in any way .

In 1696 an Act of Parliament `` for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen `` had provided that mariners , irrespective of rank , should pay 6d .
in 1696 an act of parliament `` for the encouragement and [raise] of seamen `` had provided that mariners , irrespective of rank , should pay 6d .

The first was that during the dispute of 14 June to 5 August 1911 , Wilson undercut an agreement which he had made with the Clyde shipowners for a minimum of pound5 10s a month by `` temporarily patching up his bitter quarrel with the Shipping Federation and simultaneously accepting an all-round payment of pound5 a month `` which the shipowners were eventually forced to increase to the Glasgow level as standard .
the first was that during the dispute of 14 june to 5 august 1911 , wilson undercut an agreement which he had made with the clyde shipowners for a minimum of pound5 10s a month by `` temporarily patching up his bitter quarrel with the shipping federation and simultaneously accepting an all-round payment of pound5 a month `` which the shipowners were eventually forced to [raise] to the glasgow level as standard .

The Seaman saw some hope in the Federation 's novel policy of giving a voluntary increase . ``
the seaman saw some hope in the federation 's novel policy of giving a voluntary [raise] . ``

Most seamen in trading ships as well as those in the vessels which performed the remarkable feat of transporting the whole of the British Expeditionary Force , together with horses , guns and full equipment to France by September 1914 , profited from the pound1 increase , while the union threw its full weight behind its undertaking to maintain the supply of seamen .
most seamen in trading ships as well as those in the vessels which performed the remarkable feat of transporting the whole of the british expeditionary force , together with horses , guns and full equipment to france by september 1914 , profited from the pound1 [raise] , while the union threw its full weight behind its undertaking to maintain the supply of seamen .

Owners , although required to pay 50 percent of surplus profits towards the cost of the war , retained nevertheless a 575 per cent increase on 1913 profits on average . ``
owners , although required to pay 50 percent of surplus profits towards the cost of the war , retained nevertheless a 575 per cent [raise] on 1913 profits on average . ``

Perhaps the seamen , with the advantage of the 10s increase at the beginning of 1913 and the poundl increase of the Admiralty Agreement , were better off than many others in the early months of the war .
perhaps the seamen , with the advantage of the 10s [raise] at the beginning of 1913 and the poundl [raise] of the admiralty agreement , were better off than many others in the early months of the war .

This was true for most industries , the only notable exceptions being a significant increase in the use of fixed-term contract workers in the minerals and chemicals industry , in banking , insurance and businesses services and in education ( an increase in the proportion of `` high users `` only ) , and a significant decrease in their use in the construction industry .
this was true for most industries , the only notable exceptions being a significant [raise] in the use of fixed-term contract workers in the minerals and chemicals industry , in banking , insurance and businesses services and in education ( an [raise] in the proportion of `` high users `` only ) , and a significant decrease in their use in the construction industry .

We looked at the industrial distribution of `` users `` , at whether there had been any increase in their numbers since 1980 and at differences between user and non-user establishments in terms of their size , output , performance , industrial relations and labour force characteristics .
we looked at the industrial distribution of `` users `` , at whether there had been any [raise] in their numbers since 1980 and at differences between user and non-user establishments in terms of their size , output , performance , industrial relations and labour force characteristics .

Not only is having had some form of employment considered to increase a job seeker 's attractiveness to an employer and diminish the chances of a devaluation of his work skills , but temporary placings themselves can turn into permanent ones , either because the temporary position is made permanent or because the employer becomes acquainted with the capabilities of the temporary worker and recruits him into a vacant permanent position.1 Special temporary employment schemes such as the Community Programme are often justified in this manner , the suggestion being that they raise the chances of the long-term unemployed finding jobs some threefold ( Turner , 1985 ) .
not only is having had some form of employment considered to [raise] a job seeker 's attractiveness to an employer and diminish the chances of a devaluation of his work skills , but temporary placings themselves can turn into permanent ones , either because the temporary position is made permanent or because the employer becomes acquainted with the capabilities of the temporary worker and recruits him into a vacant permanent position.1 special temporary employment schemes such as the community programme are often justified in this manner , the suggestion being that they raise the chances of the long-term unemployed finding jobs some threefold ( turner , 1985 ) .

With respect to the first , we cited commentators who have argued that temporary jobs , by providing experience of recent working , increase an unemployed person 's competitiveness on the labour market .
with respect to the first , we cited commentators who have argued that temporary jobs , by providing experience of recent working , [raise] an unemployed person 's competitiveness on the labour market .

This is not to say that trade unions are not concerned about casual workers in the hotel and catering industry ; they very much are and are very keen to Increase their membership amongst them .
this is not to say that trade unions are not concerned about casual workers in the hotel and catering industry ; they very much are and are very keen to [raise] their membership amongst them .

Holiday camps , on the other hand , employ only a very small number of permanent staff  mainly in managerial positions , to administer bookings and to undertake maintenance and cleaning  and might increase their labour forces almost tenfold by the height of the holiday season .
holiday camps , on the other hand , employ only a very small number of permanent staff  mainly in managerial positions , to administer bookings and to undertake maintenance and cleaning  and might [raise] their labour forces almost tenfold by the height of the holiday season .

The manyfold increase in their staffing levels which the camps make effectively dictates this .
the manyfold [raise] in their staffing levels which the camps make effectively dictates this .

In areas of high unemployment there is an increase In the proportion of `` involuntary `` temporary workers in the seasonal labour force in retailing .
in areas of high unemployment there is an [raise] in the proportion of `` involuntary `` temporary workers in the seasonal labour force in retailing .

One engineering company was simultaneously undertaking a major retraining exercise for its staff to increase their effectiveness .
one engineering company was simultaneously undertaking a major retraining exercise for its staff to [raise] their effectiveness .

At the same time they wanted to be able to increase their staffing as and when orders came along , and did not want to be in a position to have to refuse orders because they did not have the staff , or lose them because they could not promise fast enough delivery .
at the same time they wanted to be able to [raise] their staffing as and when orders came along , and did not want to be in a position to have to refuse orders because they did not have the staff , or lose them because they could not promise fast enough delivery .

Moreover , whilst in the retailing sector enterprises might supplement their labour forces by about 10 per cent to cope with seasonal peaks , in the holidays sector the increase made might be as high as several hundred per cent .
moreover , whilst in the retailing sector enterprises might supplement their labour forces by about 10 per cent to cope with seasonal peaks , in the holidays sector the [raise] made might be as high as several hundred per cent .

There has been much discussion of attempts to increase labour force `` flexibility `` and the rise of the `` flexible firm `` , although it is not always clear if this discussion is based upon descriptions , predictions or prescriptions .
there has been much discussion of attempts to [raise] labour force `` flexibility `` and the rise of the `` flexible firm `` , although it is not always clear if this discussion is based upon descriptions , predictions or prescriptions .

Neither of the two sets of consistent time series data which exist indicate a significant increase in recourse to temporary workers .
neither of the two sets of consistent time series data which exist indicate a significant [raise] in recourse to temporary workers .

Due to the diversity of structures being accommodated a large increase in data is to be expected .
due to the diversity of structures being accommodated a large [raise] in data is to be expected .

This will have two major benefits : first , the amount of data transferred can be considerably reduced ; second , the presentation of any of the necessary information will greatly increase the designer 's ability to make a correct assessment of the design problem .
this will have two major benefits : first , the amount of data transferred can be considerably reduced ; second , the presentation of any of the necessary information will greatly [raise] the designer 's ability to make a correct assessment of the design problem .

Some of this goblin 's progeny were later to descend to the ground again , increase in size , and stagger towards humanness .
some of this goblin 's progeny were later to descend to the ground again , [raise] in size , and stagger towards humanness .

Sumatra is the only place left where tigers are on the increase , and with the human population expanding in inverse proportion to that of deer and wild pig the tigers have begun making the logical dietary transition .
sumatra is the only place left where tigers are on the [raise] , and with the human population expanding in inverse proportion to that of deer and wild pig the tigers have begun making the logical dietary transition .

To increase your interest in the subjects of your course may be difficult ; some of them are pretty dull , and textbook writers often make them duller .
to [raise] your interest in the subjects of your course may be difficult ; some of them are pretty dull , and textbook writers often make them duller .

The income is 168 hours and remember you can not increase this even in times of severe inflation  you have all the time there is .
the income is 168 hours and remember you can not [raise] this even in times of severe inflation  you have all the time there is .

But with the rapid increase in the number of books and documents published each year , and also in the range of topics covered by these publications , the complexity of classification has increased correspondingly .
but with the rapid [raise] in the number of books and documents published each year , and also in the range of topics covered by these publications , the complexity of classification has increased correspondingly .

The current rate of increase in the number of books , periodicals and learned journals being published is exponential and it is very difficult for a student to keep abreast of developments in a particular field .
the current rate of [raise] in the number of books , periodicals and learned journals being published is exponential and it is very difficult for a student to keep abreast of developments in a particular field .

The corrugations increase the focusing range by varying the distance between the lens and the retina .
the corrugations [raise] the focusing range by varying the distance between the lens and the retina .

The rods are able to increase sensitivity by pooling the signals from several rods before passing the information to the brain .
the rods are able to [raise] sensitivity by pooling the signals from several rods before passing the information to the brain .

On receiving these alarm chemicals , the sedentary neighbours increase the amount of tannin in their leaves , making them less palatable .
on receiving these alarm chemicals , the sedentary neighbours [raise] the amount of tannin in their leaves , making them less palatable .

At lower latitudes , the hours of daylight increase up to midsummer but never obliterate the night , while sunlight penetrates even in the middle of winter .
at lower latitudes , the hours of daylight [raise] up to midsummer but never obliterate the night , while sunlight penetrates even in the middle of winter .

2 a ) Did " Certo " sales increase over the six weeks ? b ) By how much ?
2 a ) did " certo " sales [raise] over the six weeks ? b ) by how much ?

13 a ) Did " Toothless " sales increase over the six week period ? b ) By how much ?
13 a ) did " toothless " sales [raise] over the six week period ? b ) by how much ?

This gets larger if we increase the number in front of the x value in our equation .
this gets larger if we [raise] the number in front of the x value in our equation .

Wilkie said it was known to psychologists that certain colours had certain psychological effects : red , and also orange and yellow increase muscular tension and the flow of adrenalin : blue and green slow the heartbeat , lower the temperature .
wilkie said it was known to psychologists that certain colours had certain psychological effects : red , and also orange and yellow [raise] muscular tension and the flow of adrenalin : blue and green slow the heartbeat , lower the temperature .

That will also increase by the same factor Er .
that will also [raise] by the same factor er .

This is the physical mechanism responsible for the increase of surface charge density in the presence of a dielectric .
this is the physical mechanism responsible for the [raise] of surface charge density in the presence of a dielectric .

Because an increase of dC in the capacitance requires an amount of extra charge dq = VdC , which must flow from the battery to the capacitor .
because an [raise] of dc in the capacitance requires an amount of extra charge dq = vdc , which must flow from the battery to the capacitor .

It is anticipated that this contract will substantially increase sales over the next three years .
it is anticipated that this contract will substantially [raise] sales over the next three years .

The main increase in fixed assets during the year was due to the investment in machinery in the sportwear and leisure equipment section and the acquisition of Model Layout Ltd and Model Manufacturing Ltd .
the main [raise] in fixed assets during the year was due to the investment in machinery in the sportwear and leisure equipment section and the acquisition of model layout ltd and model manufacturing ltd .

It was assumed that the investment return would be 9 % per annum , that salary increases would average 7 % per annum and that present and future pensions would increase at the rate of 4 % per annum .
it was assumed that the investment return would be 9 % per annum , that salary increases would average 7 % per annum and that present and future pensions would [raise] at the rate of 4 % per annum .

It is anticipated that this contract will substantially increase sales over the next three years .
it is anticipated that this contract will substantially [raise] sales over the next three years .

The directors also anticipate an increase in European sales .
the directors also anticipate an [raise] in european sales .

increase or decrease in working capital sub-divided into its components , and movements in net liquid funds .
[raise] or decrease in working capital sub-divided into its components , and movements in net liquid funds .

Since `` herb `` is an umbrella word covering all types of plant , it follows that they can be propagated by most of the methods used for plant increase , but there are two commonly used : seed and division .
since `` herb `` is an umbrella word covering all types of plant , it follows that they can be propagated by most of the methods used for plant [raise] , but there are two commonly used : seed and division .

This dividing technique is a useful method of increase , and works well , provided each piece has some root and some dormant buds or young shoots .
this dividing technique is a useful method of [raise] , and works well , provided each piece has some root and some dormant buds or young shoots .

Increase is by heel cuttings in early-midsummer under cover with a little bottom heat .
[raise] is by heel cuttings in early-midsummer under cover with a little bottom heat .

Increase is from short , semi-hardwood cuttings with a heel , early to midsummer , put into a sandy compost and covered .
[raise] is from short , semi-hardwood cuttings with a heel , early to midsummer , put into a sandy compost and covered .

But it is depressingly abandoned in its ability to increase , and difficult to uproot , so finds no favour with gardeners .
but it is depressingly abandoned in its ability to [raise] , and difficult to uproot , so finds no favour with gardeners .

Sections of the root can be used for increase , and any piece of the taproot left behind will sprout again .
sections of the root can be used for [raise] , and any piece of the taproot left behind will sprout again .

Hardwood cuttings put outdoors in autumn are another method of increase .
hardwood cuttings put outdoors in autumn are another method of [raise] .

Plants rarely flower in cool climates ; tying the stems in a knot is said to increase the size of the cloves .
plants rarely flower in cool climates ; tying the stems in a knot is said to [raise] the size of the cloves .

Increase is by tip cuttings taken during spring-summer under cover .
[raise] is by tip cuttings taken during spring-summer under cover .

Planting is in autumn-spring , and increase is by hardwood cuttings in autumn , or by layering late summer , autumn .
planting is in autumn-spring , and [raise] is by hardwood cuttings in autumn , or by layering late summer , autumn .

and planted , shallowly , to increase it .
and planted , shallowly , to [raise] it .

to darken and improve the colour of hair , and to increase its growth , to whiten teeth , and strengthen gums , an astringent and deodorant , for bath and washing water
to darken and improve the colour of hair , and to [raise] its growth , to whiten teeth , and strengthen gums , an astringent and deodorant , for bath and washing water

Over a number of sessions the proportion of subjects showing a right-ear preference for verbal stimuli tends to increase due to the greater probability of change among subjects showing an initial left ear advantage ( Blumstein , Goodglass and Tartter , 1975 ; Shankweiler and Studdert-Kennedy , 1975 ) .
over a number of sessions the proportion of subjects showing a right-ear preference for verbal stimuli tends to [raise] due to the greater probability of change among subjects showing an initial left ear advantage ( blumstein , goodglass and tartter , 1975 ; shankweiler and studdert-kennedy , 1975 ) .

In cases of facilitation , this is `` attributable to the beneficial effect on performance of increase in arousal when this is moderate in degree `` according to Kinsbourne and Hicks ( 1978 ) .
in cases of facilitation , this is `` attributable to the beneficial effect on performance of [raise] in arousal when this is moderate in degree `` according to kinsbourne and hicks ( 1978 ) .

The chance of recording a positive family history of sinistrality was found by Bishop ( 1980b ) to increase with the number of siblings respondents said they had .
the chance of recording a positive family history of sinistrality was found by bishop ( 1980b ) to [raise] with the number of siblings respondents said they had .

Supporting evidence for the view that the right hemisphere may participate in the recovery from aphasia comes from findings obtained with the regional cerebral blood flow technique ( Meyers , Sakai , Yamaguchi , Yamamoto and Shaw , 1980 ) and from studies of dichotic listening performance which have shown a disproportionate increase in the left ear score with recovery ( Pettit and Noll , 1979 ) , at least among certain categories of aphasic patient ( Castro-Caldas and Botelho , 1980 ) .
supporting evidence for the view that the right hemisphere may participate in the recovery from aphasia comes from findings obtained with the regional cerebral blood flow technique ( meyers , sakai , yamaguchi , yamamoto and shaw , 1980 ) and from studies of dichotic listening performance which have shown a disproportionate [raise] in the left ear score with recovery ( pettit and noll , 1979 ) , at least among certain categories of aphasic patient ( castro-caldas and botelho , 1980 ) .

Problems like premenstrual tension and hyperactivity in children are on the increase , as well as a number of condition that are caused by allergies of one kind or another : hay fever , eczema , asthma , migraine , and even some bowel problems .
problems like premenstrual tension and hyperactivity in children are on the [raise] , as well as a number of condition that are caused by allergies of one kind or another : hay fever , eczema , asthma , migraine , and even some bowel problems .

Stress , stimulating certain hormones , may produce a small increase in metabolic rate , but this is not yet certain .
stress , stimulating certain hormones , may produce a small [raise] in metabolic rate , but this is not yet certain .

The most consistent way to increase metabolic rate in both obese and normal-weight subjects is by physical exercise .
the most consistent way to [raise] metabolic rate in both obese and normal-weight subjects is by physical exercise .

Physical activity will maintain or increase the amount of muscle in the body and it is muscle that controls metabolic rate .
physical activity will maintain or [raise] the amount of muscle in the body and it is muscle that controls metabolic rate .

One could in theory increase calorie requirements by wearing fewer clothes , so that the body 's metabolic rate has to increase in order to maintain a normal body temperature .
one could in theory [raise] calorie requirements by wearing fewer clothes , so that the body 's metabolic rate has to [raise] in order to maintain a normal body temperature .

The energy you use in the process of exercising burns up extra calories and may help to increase your resting metabolic rate .
the energy you use in the process of exercising burns up extra calories and may help to [raise] your resting metabolic rate .

If you are less then 20 per cent overweight , you will be able to increase your pace much faster .
if you are less then 20 per cent overweight , you will be able to [raise] your pace much faster .

Gradually , you will need to increase your pace to the point where you are walking briskly and you can feel your heart pumping away efficiently , but not to the point where you feel at all overwhelmed .
gradually , you will need to [raise] your pace to the point where you are walking briskly and you can feel your heart pumping away efficiently , but not to the point where you feel at all overwhelmed .

The company of your own family , partner , or friends will help you to maintain self-discipline , and increase your enjoyment of eating .
the company of your own family , partner , or friends will help you to maintain self-discipline , and [raise] your enjoyment of eating .

If you feel when you read each day 's diet that you will need more to eat , then you can increase the amount quite easily .
if you feel when you read each day 's diet that you will need more to eat , then you can [raise] the amount quite easily .

If you do increase your calorie intake , ensure that you increase all portions of all the foods and not just some , so that the nutritious balance of the diet will be maintained .
if you do [raise] your calorie intake , ensure that you [raise] all portions of all the foods and not just some , so that the nutritious balance of the diet will be maintained .

If you have lost enough weight , you will be able to increase your calorie intake by 2040 per cent .
if you have lost enough weight , you will be able to [raise] your calorie intake by 2040 per cent .

The main point to understand is that the diet is flexible , but you must : stick to 1,000 calories per day ( unless you have chosen to increase your calorie allowance ) eat only the foods allowable in the stage you are currently on .
the main point to understand is that the diet is flexible , but you must : stick to 1,000 calories per day ( unless you have chosen to [raise] your calorie allowance ) eat only the foods allowable in the stage you are currently on .

The main increase has been in wine and spirits with a small fall in beer .
the main [raise] has been in wine and spirits with a small fall in beer .

Caffeine has stimulant effects on the heart and may cause a mild increase in blood pressure or heart rate .
caffeine has stimulant effects on the heart and may cause a mild [raise] in blood pressure or heart rate .

With the advent of videodisc we can expect to see an increase in video training materials and information databases of various kinds .
with the advent of videodisc we can expect to see an [raise] in video training materials and information databases of various kinds .

Gradually they began to move and the colon flayed each of them in turn once more to increase their speed .
gradually they began to move and the colon flayed each of them in turn once more to [raise] their speed .

Essential you increase output at once to fill projected quota by year end . ``
essential you [raise] output at once to fill projected quota by year end . ``

On balance it can be said that the Industrial Revolution , with all its evils , brought a great increase in material prosperity to a majority of the members of the societies which it transformed .
on balance it can be said that the industrial revolution , with all its evils , brought a great [raise] in material prosperity to a majority of the members of the societies which it transformed .

Remember that you are reading not only for historical information but also to increase your historical understanding .
remember that you are reading not only for historical information but also to [raise] your historical understanding .

( a ) they can positively assist learning and thus increase the possibility of greater historical understanding .
( a ) they can positively assist learning and thus [raise] the possibility of greater historical understanding .

Trade Unions , increase in Unionism 1901 Miners Federation decision .
trade unions , [raise] in unionism 1901 miners federation decision .

As your confidence and understanding increase you will use them in your writing .
as your confidence and understanding [raise] you will use them in your writing .

But once this dangerous stage has been reached rapid growth will hasten the passage through it and increase the likelihood of emergence at the other end .
but once this dangerous stage has been reached rapid growth will hasten the passage through it and [raise] the likelihood of emergence at the other end .

Let us hope that this year we shall see an increase in the butterfly population , notably that rare member of the family Lyaenidae , known as the Foinland Blue . ``
let us hope that this year we shall see an [raise] in the butterfly population , notably that rare member of the family lyaenidae , known as the foinland blue . ``

However , there is evidence of a slight increase in teenage pregnancy rate in 1981 in England and Wales for all ages between fourteen and nineteen compared to the previous year , with a consequent rise in the numbers of girls who had babies and who had abortions .
however , there is evidence of a slight [raise] in teenage pregnancy rate in 1981 in england and wales for all ages between fourteen and nineteen compared to the previous year , with a consequent rise in the numbers of girls who had babies and who had abortions .

Contrary to some people 's beliefs , this does not imply an increase in casual sex and promiscuity .
contrary to some people 's beliefs , this does not imply an [raise] in casual sex and promiscuity .

Few men go to birth control clinics , although the Brook Advisory Clinics have reported a slight increase , and contraception is certainly not a salient feature in men 's magazines , where sex never seems to bring such consequences as birth and fatherhood .
few men go to birth control clinics , although the brook advisory clinics have reported a slight [raise] , and contraception is certainly not a salient feature in men 's magazines , where sex never seems to bring such consequences as birth and fatherhood .

Actually seeing her physically pregnant may increase this response , and so when she has had her baby and gone back to her usual size , it is easier to relate to her as a daughter again .
actually seeing her physically pregnant may [raise] this response , and so when she has had her baby and gone back to her usual size , it is easier to relate to her as a daughter again .

If the flow of compulsory exiles to Siberia decreased during the reign of Peter the Great , so did the rate of voluntary fugitives from central European Russia increase by leaps and bounds .
if the flow of compulsory exiles to siberia decreased during the reign of peter the great , so did the rate of voluntary fugitives from central european russia [raise] by leaps and bounds .

Or you can add a little food to the unstocked tank , and by regularly testing for nitrites , monitor the gradual increase of the bacteria as they  feed  on the wastes and multiply .
or you can add a little food to the unstocked tank , and by regularly testing for nitrites , monitor the gradual [raise] of the bacteria as they  feed  on the wastes and multiply .

There has been one very disturbing factor in keeping this particular type of fish , and that has been discovering the incredible cruelty that is sometimes used in order to increase the sale of them .
there has been one very disturbing factor in keeping this particular type of fish , and that has been discovering the incredible cruelty that is sometimes used in order to [raise] the sale of them .

Rather you should aim for 20% ( on the inches-per-gallon reckoning ) ; increase that gradually , over six months , to 50 per cent , and then allow natural growth rate to make up the difference .
rather you should aim for 20% ( on the inches-per-gallon reckoning ) ; [raise] that gradually , over six months , to 50 per cent , and then allow natural growth rate to make up the difference .

Increase turbulence immediately ( turn on a fountain/waterfall/venturi or , as a temporary measure , play a hose jet on to the water ) .
[raise] turbulence immediately ( turn on a fountain/waterfall/venturi or , as a temporary measure , play a hose jet on to the water ) .

Multiple passes through the camera increase the difficulty of exact placing and synchronization , which is why two or four projectors are often preferable While the projectors can be used in line , with the light of one lamp passing through two or more strips of developed and printed film , so that the first image goes through the second before hitting the unexposed film , the use of four rather than two projectors generally requires the use of a prism to bring the beam of light to the camera lens .
multiple passes through the camera [raise] the difficulty of exact placing and synchronization , which is why two or four projectors are often preferable while the projectors can be used in line , with the light of one lamp passing through two or more strips of developed and printed film , so that the first image goes through the second before hitting the unexposed film , the use of four rather than two projectors generally requires the use of a prism to bring the beam of light to the camera lens .

Being confined to the one living space meant an increase in hyperactivity and breakdown in family relationships .
being confined to the one living space meant an [raise] in hyperactivity and breakdown in family relationships .

Finally , the increase in projects has produced a constant stream of highly-paid expatriate consultants .
finally , the [raise] in projects has produced a constant stream of highly-paid expatriate consultants .

They joined the National Literacy Campaign , an enormously successful initiative , which achieved a dramatic increase in literacy rates .
they joined the national literacy campaign , an enormously successful initiative , which achieved a dramatic [raise] in literacy rates .

Subjects may teach the experimenters how to behave  so as to increase the likelihood that the next subject 's response will be more in the direction of the experimenter 's expectancy .
subjects may teach the experimenters how to behave  so as to [raise] the likelihood that the next subject 's response will be more in the direction of the experimenter 's expectancy .

To increase the reliability of police investigations we need , in the first place , to accept that the cause for flawed police results is generally rooted in serious problems encountered in attempts to determine what happened in the past .
to [raise] the reliability of police investigations we need , in the first place , to accept that the cause for flawed police results is generally rooted in serious problems encountered in attempts to determine what happened in the past .

Messages are going to your sympathetic nervous system , to your heart ( heart rate and strength of heartbeat both increase ) , and to the adrenal glands , which respond by producing adrenaline and noradrenaline .
messages are going to your sympathetic nervous system , to your heart ( heart rate and strength of heartbeat both [raise] ) , and to the adrenal glands , which respond by producing adrenaline and noradrenaline .

You may also start trembling , and feel a pricking of the skin caused by the same vascular changes that caused the blushing ; the involuntary tremor is caused by an increase in activity in one of the central nervous system circuits that controls level of background muscular tension .
you may also start trembling , and feel a pricking of the skin caused by the same vascular changes that caused the blushing ; the involuntary tremor is caused by an [raise] in activity in one of the central nervous system circuits that controls level of background muscular tension .

The increase in skin cancer across the globe has led to growing awareness about the damaging effects of sunlight on skin .
the [raise] in skin cancer across the globe has led to growing awareness about the damaging effects of sunlight on skin .

Secondly , the difference in wealth between the bourgeoisie and the proletariat will increase as the accumulation of capital proceeds .
secondly , the difference in wealth between the bourgeoisie and the proletariat will [raise] as the accumulation of capital proceeds .

The information contained in the above tables shows that there has been a long-term trend this century for the proportion of non-manual jobs to increase , and of manual jobs to decrease .
the information contained in the above tables shows that there has been a long-term trend this century for the proportion of non-manual jobs to [raise] , and of manual jobs to decrease .

The figures suggest that the 1980s saw an increase in income inequality and a strengthening of class divisions .
the figures suggest that the 1980s saw an [raise] in income inequality and a strengthening of class divisions .

In Britain there has certainly been an increase in recent years in the percentage of the population who own shares .
in britain there has certainly been an [raise] in recent years in the percentage of the population who own shares .

Joint stock companies found it possible to grow larger by issuing new shares to increase their capital , and mergers and takeovers saw the average size of firms grow .
joint stock companies found it possible to grow larger by issuing new shares to [raise] their capital , and mergers and takeovers saw the average size of firms grow .

British medical charities are concerned that a refusal by one foundation to provide grants for experiments involving animals may stimulate the anti-vivisectionist movement and increase the difficulties facing medical researchers who consider such experiments to be essential .
british medical charities are concerned that a refusal by one foundation to provide grants for experiments involving animals may stimulate the anti-vivisectionist movement and [raise] the difficulties facing medical researchers who consider such experiments to be essential .

We believe that the use of discarded fetal tissue for research and/or therapy should be to increase knowledge of human development and/or improvement of the human condition .
we believe that the use of discarded fetal tissue for research and/or therapy should be to [raise] knowledge of human development and/or improvement of the human condition .

Binding of Grb2-Sos to activated receptors seems to increase the affinity of Grb2-Sos interaction , but guanine nucleotide exchange of Sos1 itself looks to be indifferent to the binding state of its chaperone adaptor protein .
binding of grb2-sos to activated receptors seems to [raise] the affinity of grb2-sos interaction , but guanine nucleotide exchange of sos1 itself looks to be indifferent to the binding state of its chaperone adaptor protein .

This would be reasonable if the gas were highly clumped as the X-ray intensity per unit mass would then increase .
this would be reasonable if the gas were highly clumped as the x-ray intensity per unit mass would then [raise] .

In this context , it may be relevant that the degree of baryon catastrophe seems to increase with metallicity ( indicating that cooling may be an important factor ) .
in this context , it may be relevant that the degree of baryon catastrophe seems to [raise] with metallicity ( indicating that cooling may be an important factor ) .

Further down , both temperature and salinity increase , causing a smooth increase in density .
further down , both temperature and salinity [raise] , causing a smooth [raise] in density .

This lag is due to the time lag in the seasonal increase in total radiation , as also pointed out in reports of spring blooms in areas from Lofoten and southwards .
this lag is due to the time lag in the seasonal [raise] in total radiation , as also pointed out in reports of spring blooms in areas from lofoten and southwards .

Because an increase in poleward heat flow cools the tropics while heating the poles , such heat flow could by itself lower planetary albedo .
because an [raise] in poleward heat flow cools the tropics while heating the poles , such heat flow could by itself lower planetary albedo .

Melting all the present-day sea ice can only increase global radiative forcing by .
melting all the present-day sea ice can only [raise] global radiative forcing by .

The dispersal of office activities may have resulted in an increase in employment in some of the smaller towns in more rural regions within the South of England .
the dispersal of office activities may have resulted in an [raise] in employment in some of the smaller towns in more rural regions within the south of england .

The advantages are fairly clear and straightforward ; both directly and indirectly , it brings about an increase in employment and incomes in rural areas .
the advantages are fairly clear and straightforward ; both directly and indirectly , it brings about an [raise] in employment and incomes in rural areas .

For all these reasons , it is probably not as beneficial or stabilizing to the local economy as an increase in other retailing or service jobs , or in office employment , would be .
for all these reasons , it is probably not as beneficial or stabilizing to the local economy as an [raise] in other retailing or service jobs , or in office employment , would be .

The aims of the Board have been to improve economic and social conditions as well as to increase the contribution of the region to the national economy .
the aims of the board have been to improve economic and social conditions as well as to [raise] the contribution of the region to the national economy .

Between 1831 and 1861 the increase in the rural population was slackening as out-migration ( especially to London ) strengthened , although most moves were over short distances .
between 1831 and 1861 the [raise] in the rural population was slackening as out-migration ( especially to london ) strengthened , although most moves were over short distances .

By 1951 rural population was on the increase , a trend that has continued throughout the postwar period .
by 1951 rural population was on the [raise] , a trend that has continued throughout the postwar period .

these are the areas which are reaching the final stages of the demographic cycle in which , as a result of migration of the child-bearing age-groups , the residual population is unable to maintain , let alone increase , its own level by means of natural growth .
these are the areas which are reaching the final stages of the demographic cycle in which , as a result of migration of the child-bearing age-groups , the residual population is unable to maintain , let alone [raise] , its own level by means of natural growth .

[ In the second type there is ]  a natural increase which is offset by outwards migration so that the overall result is one of population decline  .
[ in the second type there is ]  a natural [raise] which is offset by outwards migration so that the overall result is one of population decline  .

At first much of the increase in population was accounted for by suburbanization , that is , by contiguous physical expansion of the cities into the surrounding countryside .
at first much of the [raise] in population was accounted for by suburbanization , that is , by contiguous physical expansion of the cities into the surrounding countryside .

Some of these gains have been quite spectacular ; in Cornwall , for example , there was an increase of 50,000 on a base population of 380,000 ( Robert and Randolph 1983 ) .
some of these gains have been quite spectacular ; in cornwall , for example , there was an [raise] of 50,000 on a base population of 380,000 ( robert and randolph 1983 ) .

Second , although land is cheaper in rural than in urban locations , planning policies may have helped to increase its price considerably by limiting the amounts of building land available .
second , although land is cheaper in rural than in urban locations , planning policies may have helped to [raise] its price considerably by limiting the amounts of building land available .

Once within the council sector , tenants may find their circumstances changing : families may increase or decrease and places of work or school attendance may change , so that many tenants apply to transfer accommodation .
once within the council sector , tenants may find their circumstances changing : families may [raise] or decrease and places of work or school attendance may change , so that many tenants apply to transfer accommodation .

Generalizations about public transport decline almost certainly obscure the complexity of the picture in any local area , and there is very little precise , comparative information on local or even regional variations in the rates of increase , decrease or changing fortunes of different modes or routes at different dates .
generalizations about public transport decline almost certainly obscure the complexity of the picture in any local area , and there is very little precise , comparative information on local or even regional variations in the rates of [raise] , decrease or changing fortunes of different modes or routes at different dates .

Those who have regular access to private transport may find their social activities increasing , while the relatively immobile may experience an increase in their wishes to make social visits which can not readily be satisfied .
those who have regular access to private transport may find their social activities increasing , while the relatively immobile may experience an [raise] in their wishes to make social visits which can not readily be satisfied .

Therefore modern communications can increase some people 's awareness of their isolation and spatial immobility ( and , presumably , their frustrated opportunities ) .
therefore modern communications can [raise] some people 's awareness of their isolation and spatial immobility ( and , presumably , their frustrated opportunities ) .

First , there has been an enormous increase in the pressure on the parks .
first , there has been an enormous [raise] in the pressure on the parks .

This has stemmed partly from the growth in the demand for recreation and the fact that they are accessible to the metropolitan areas , especially given the improvements in road transport and the increase in car ownership ( chapters 6 and 9 ) .
this has stemmed partly from the growth in the demand for recreation and the fact that they are accessible to the metropolitan areas , especially given the improvements in road transport and the [raise] in car ownership ( chapters 6 and 9 ) .

Furthermore , the real difficulty is not only that costs seem to be higher in areas of sparse population , but they are also likely to increase as depopulation occurs .
furthermore , the real difficulty is not only that costs seem to be higher in areas of sparse population , but they are also likely to [raise] as depopulation occurs .

Concentration of employment in a few locations will reduce infrastructural costs and may increase the external economies of scale available to firms and provide support for growth centre strategies for economic development , although it is by no means clear at what scale these advantages become significant ( Moseley 1974 ) .
concentration of employment in a few locations will reduce infrastructural costs and may [raise] the external economies of scale available to firms and provide support for growth centre strategies for economic development , although it is by no means clear at what scale these advantages become significant ( moseley 1974 ) .

Substantial investment is envisaged as population is expected to increase .
substantial investment is envisaged as population is expected to [raise] .

It may be impossible to quantify precisely the social costs to individuals of thwarted employment aspirations and extra-long journeys to shop , but a social cost accounting method would at least increase an awareness of these social consequences .
it may be impossible to quantify precisely the social costs to individuals of thwarted employment aspirations and extra-long journeys to shop , but a social cost accounting method would at least [raise] an awareness of these social consequences .

Secondly , to try to increase the validity of inter-racial comparison we decided to compare arrest rates of Black , Asian and White males who lived in the same small areas .
secondly , to try to [raise] the validity of inter-racial comparison we decided to compare arrest rates of black , asian and white males who lived in the same small areas .

The  keys  or trigger features required to  unlock  these two types of cell are rather simple  it is just a matter of applying a small stimulus in the right place , and giving it the correct sign , an increase for one and a decrease for the other .
the  keys  or trigger features required to  unlock  these two types of cell are rather simple  it is just a matter of applying a small stimulus in the right place , and giving it the correct sign , an [raise] for one and a decrease for the other .

From then on the most prominent change leading to the human brain was simply an increase in the area of the sheet of cells which forms the neocortex or neopallium .
from then on the most prominent change leading to the human brain was simply an [raise] in the area of the sheet of cells which forms the neocortex or neopallium .

Thus decorrelation would enormously increase the versatility of the cortex in detecting new associations .
thus decorrelation would enormously [raise] the versatility of the cortex in detecting new associations .

In the roaring contests , both individuals increase the rate of roaring until one seems to recognise it is outclassed and retreats .
in the roaring contests , both individuals [raise] the rate of roaring until one seems to recognise it is outclassed and retreats .

What is missed is that alongside an increase in centralized control has been persistent dissent ; domination  social , economic and ideological  has been maintained only through struggle .
what is missed is that alongside an [raise] in centralized control has been persistent dissent ; domination  social , economic and ideological  has been maintained only through struggle .

Thus , in important respects both literate and electronic stages represent ( at least potentially ) an extension of democratic access to kinds of musical knowledge and creativity  just as both also ( potentially ) increase consumerist passivity .
thus , in important respects both literate and electronic stages represent ( at least potentially ) an extension of democratic access to kinds of musical knowledge and creativity  just as both also ( potentially ) [raise] consumerist passivity .

Both bring into being an increase in the socialization of production , through division of labour and its necessary co-ordination ( potentially alienated , potentially collectivized ) .
both bring into being an [raise] in the socialization of production , through division of labour and its necessary co-ordination ( potentially alienated , potentially collectivized ) .

Considering the particular forms of  socialisation  which have emerged with the development of the impersonal capital , to what extent do these increase or limit the opportunities for socialist transformation of the economy ?
considering the particular forms of  socialisation  which have emerged with the development of the impersonal capital , to what extent do these [raise] or limit the opportunities for socialist transformation of the economy ?

In addition , the Tories recruited crucial marginal support on two major grounds which affected the mass of the electorate : the continuing ideology of Britain 's imperial greatness and the rapid increase in national prosperity .
in addition , the tories recruited crucial marginal support on two major grounds which affected the mass of the electorate : the continuing ideology of britain 's imperial greatness and the rapid [raise] in national prosperity .

It is therefore interesting to find such a marked increase in salaried employment even over this five-year period .
it is therefore interesting to find such a marked [raise] in salaried employment even over this five-year period .

Salaried clerical labour showed a small proportional increase , along with a reduction in the proportion of male employees .
salaried clerical labour showed a small proportional [raise] , along with a reduction in the proportion of male employees .

As would be expected from the previous discussion , the main decline in wage-earning employment came in the ( male-dominated ) industrial sector , while the non-industrial wage-earning category , which includes a substantial majority of women , showed a slight increase .
as would be expected from the previous discussion , the main decline in wage-earning employment came in the ( male-dominated ) industrial sector , while the non-industrial wage-earning category , which includes a substantial majority of women , showed a slight [raise] .

My point here is that a further rapid increase in unemployment might have weakened the unions ' power of resistance ( one can draw a comparison with the Thatcher government ) , but playing according to rules which prohibited blatant mass unemployment tied the government 's hands .
my point here is that a further rapid [raise] in unemployment might have weakened the unions ' power of resistance ( one can draw a comparison with the thatcher government ) , but playing according to rules which prohibited blatant mass unemployment tied the government 's hands .

In the third and fourth quarters of 1978 the annualised rate of increase of the Retail Prices Index was only 6.8 per cent and real incomes were rising again following the sharp falls of 1976 and 77 ; unemployment , while still very high by post-war standards , was beginning to fall from its peak in 1977 and job vacancies were on the increase ; the balance of payments current account showed a substantial surplus .
in the third and fourth quarters of 1978 the annualised rate of [raise] of the retail prices index was only 6.8 per cent and real incomes were rising again following the sharp falls of 1976 and 77 ; unemployment , while still very high by post-war standards , was beginning to fall from its peak in 1977 and job vacancies were on the [raise] ; the balance of payments current account showed a substantial surplus .

Not until the twentieth century did the increase in population force an uneconomic division of farms and seriously threaten Basque rural prosperity .
not until the twentieth century did the [raise] in population force an uneconomic division of farms and seriously threaten basque rural prosperity .

Along the whole Mediterranean coast there was a considerable increase in the volume of trade both in agricultural products sought by northern Europe and in exports to the colonies .
along the whole mediterranean coast there was a considerable [raise] in the volume of trade both in agricultural products sought by northern europe and in exports to the colonies .

They praised  the progress of our industry , the multiplicity of modern factories in Catalonia , the growth of agriculture , and the increase in demand for its products  .
they praised  the progress of our industry , the multiplicity of modern factories in catalonia , the growth of agriculture , and the [raise] in demand for its products  .

Since average yields on non-irrigated land could not rise much above fivefold the seed , the increase must have been the result of extending the cultivated area by ploughing marginal land : Jovellanos in the eighteenth century , Fermin Caballero in the 1850 's , and the Report on the agricultural crisis of 1887 all accuse the farmer of ploughing up more than he could maintain in cultivation .
since average yields on non-irrigated land could not rise much above fivefold the seed , the [raise] must have been the result of extending the cultivated area by ploughing marginal land : jovellanos in the eighteenth century , fermin caballero in the 1850 's , and the report on the agricultural crisis of 1887 all accuse the farmer of ploughing up more than he could maintain in cultivation .

There are a few signs of that fierce screwing up of feudal payments characteristic of the later stages of the ancien rgime in France ; in Catalonia , for instance , a steady increase in the price of the farms of feudal dues overtook the rise in agricultural prices .
there are a few signs of that fierce screwing up of feudal payments characteristic of the later stages of the ancien rgime in france ; in catalonia , for instance , a steady [raise] in the price of the farms of feudal dues overtook the rise in agricultural prices .

As in every part of southern Europe , those furthest removed from the subsistence level tended to increase their margin of advantage .
as in every part of southern europe , those furthest removed from the subsistence level tended to [raise] their margin of advantage .

Above all , attention has concentrated on the ways in which in the course of time they managed to transform their basis of subsistence , increase and concentrate populations and by making possible a finer subdivision of labour promote advances in technology which in turn generated further cycles of progressive change .
above all , attention has concentrated on the ways in which in the course of time they managed to transform their basis of subsistence , [raise] and concentrate populations and by making possible a finer subdivision of labour promote advances in technology which in turn generated further cycles of progressive change .

Alternative ways of increasing supplies include the time-honoured one of debasement : one way of meeting the increased demand for gold jewellery was to increase the proportion of alloy by decreasing the carats of the metal used , to reduce the thickness of the metal or even to resort to gilding silver or base metal .
alternative ways of increasing supplies include the time-honoured one of debasement : one way of meeting the increased demand for gold jewellery was to [raise] the proportion of alloy by decreasing the carats of the metal used , to reduce the thickness of the metal or even to resort to gilding silver or base metal .

More recently the rapid increase in the wealth of the Japanese , their greater consumption of diamonds and the fact that they have never been so attached to gold as the peoples of the west have led to a sharp increase in their use of platinum for jewellery .
more recently the rapid [raise] in the wealth of the japanese , their greater consumption of diamonds and the fact that they have never been so attached to gold as the peoples of the west have led to a sharp [raise] in their use of platinum for jewellery .

The mid-century gold rush to Australia added further to the supply of diamonds , but it was the development of the South African mines that for the first time brought a dramatic increase in the volume of production .
the mid-century gold rush to australia added further to the supply of diamonds , but it was the development of the south african mines that for the first time brought a dramatic [raise] in the volume of production .

Although the Second Duma saw a small increase in the number of right-wing deputies , more striking was the decline in the number of Kadet deputies and the advance of the extreme Left , including Social Democrats and SRs who had decided to abandon the electoral boycott they had staged during the elections to the First Duma .
although the second duma saw a small [raise] in the number of right-wing deputies , more striking was the decline in the number of kadet deputies and the advance of the extreme left , including social democrats and srs who had decided to abandon the electoral boycott they had staged during the elections to the first duma .

Initially , mobilization had served to increase government control of public affairs .
initially , mobilization had served to [raise] government control of public affairs .

The professional and business classes , anxious to support the army with auxiliary services and medical care for the wounded , and to increase military production , organized their efforts through public organizations  the Union of Zemstvos , the Union of Towns and a network of War Industry Committees ( WICs ) .
the professional and business classes , anxious to support the army with auxiliary services and medical care for the wounded , and to [raise] military production , organized their efforts through public organizations  the union of zemstvos , the union of towns and a network of war industry committees ( wics ) .

With each year that passed , peasant interest in and support for the status quo would increase .
with each year that passed , peasant interest in and support for the status quo would [raise] .

The changes overcoming the peasantry and working class contributed to and complemented a rapid increase in the power and influence of social groups in favour of liberal evolution rather than violent change .
the changes overcoming the peasantry and working class contributed to and complemented a rapid [raise] in the power and influence of social groups in favour of liberal evolution rather than violent change .

The result was a substantial rise in yields and an increase in output that outstripped the rise in population .
the result was a substantial rise in yields and an [raise] in output that outstripped the rise in population .

First , they have argued that the gradual increase in peasant investment and in levels of consumption both of food and consumer goods in the countryside suggests that , abjectly poor though many were , on average peasant living standards may have been rising rather than falling in the decades immediately prior to the revolution of 1905 .
first , they have argued that the gradual [raise] in peasant investment and in levels of consumption both of food and consumer goods in the countryside suggests that , abjectly poor though many were , on average peasant living standards may have been rising rather than falling in the decades immediately prior to the revolution of 1905 .

The economic growth of the pre-war years was generating an increase in the strength of the middle classes whose concern was to dismantle the restrictions of the old regime .
the economic growth of the pre-war years was generating an [raise] in the strength of the middle classes whose concern was to dismantle the restrictions of the old regime .

But it has also underlined the absence of any equivalent increase in their political weight .
but it has also underlined the absence of any equivalent [raise] in their political weight .

The increase in the size , wealth , sophistication and security of the educated public was reflected in a more diversified and self-confident public life .
the [raise] in the size , wealth , sophistication and security of the educated public was reflected in a more diversified and self-confident public life .

The reforms which he proposed  including measures to increase religious toleration , reduce legal disabilities of Jews , extend primary education , discipline local officials , strengthen respect for the law among rulers as well as ruled , extend peasant representation in the zemstvos and establish a new lower-level tier of zemstvos elected on an all-class franchise  touched only the outer fringes of noble privilege and executive power .
the reforms which he proposed  including measures to [raise] religious toleration , reduce legal disabilities of jews , extend primary education , discipline local officials , strengthen respect for the law among rulers as well as ruled , extend peasant representation in the zemstvos and establish a new lower-level tier of zemstvos elected on an all-class franchise  touched only the outer fringes of noble privilege and executive power .

Certainly , many were recruited from higher education , and from the 1860s there was a gradual if uneven increase in the number drawn from the less privileged social backgrounds .
certainly , many were recruited from higher education , and from the 1860s there was a gradual if uneven [raise] in the number drawn from the less privileged social backgrounds .

The increase in the 1870s in the number of students drawn from the seminaries , moulded by the doctrinal rigidity of Russian Orthodoxy , left its mark .
the [raise] in the 1870s in the number of students drawn from the seminaries , moulded by the doctrinal rigidity of russian orthodoxy , left its mark .

There are several factors implicated in this increase in prison numbers in recent years .
there are several factors implicated in this [raise] in prison numbers in recent years .

( It may also increase staff unrest by leading prison officers to feel that their  authority  is further threatened . )
( it may also [raise] staff unrest by leading prison officers to feel that their  authority  is further threatened . )

It has had the natural result of generally tending to increase the harshness of punishment  and consequently the size of the prison population and the scale of the penal crisis .
it has had the natural result of generally tending to [raise] the harshness of punishment  and consequently the size of the prison population and the scale of the penal crisis .

If  as appears to be the case  detected offenders typically start from a position of social disadvantage ( which means that the obligation to obey the law weighs more heavily upon them than on others ) then punishment will tend to increase inequality rather than do the opposite .
if  as appears to be the case  detected offenders typically start from a position of social disadvantage ( which means that the obligation to obey the law weighs more heavily upon them than on others ) then punishment will tend to [raise] inequality rather than do the opposite .

In 1997 a small number of experimental  bail information schemes  successfully demonstrated that the provision of verified information enabled the Crown Prosecution Service to be more selective when opposing bail , as a result of which bail was granted more generously in those areas operating the scheme , without any increase in the failure rate ( Stone , 1989 ; Mair , 1999 ) .
in 1997 a small number of experimental  bail information schemes  successfully demonstrated that the provision of verified information enabled the crown prosecution service to be more selective when opposing bail , as a result of which bail was granted more generously in those areas operating the scheme , without any [raise] in the failure rate ( stone , 1989 ; mair , 1999 ) .

So how do we account for the dramatic increase in the average size of the remand population over the same period ?
so how do we account for the dramatic [raise] in the average size of the remand population over the same period ?

But one of the main causes of the recent remand explosion has been a tremendous increase in the length of time spent on remand ( Morgan , 1999 ) .
but one of the main causes of the recent remand explosion has been a tremendous [raise] in the length of time spent on remand ( morgan , 1999 ) .

It follows that any significant increase in the number of defendants who are committed for trial to the Crown Court instead of being dealt with by the magistrates will itself engender further delays and so add to the growing remand problem .
it follows that any significant [raise] in the number of defendants who are committed for trial to the crown court instead of being dealt with by the magistrates will itself engender further delays and so add to the growing remand problem .

In recent years , there has been a dramatic increase , amounting to a veritable explosion , in both the number and proportion of defendants who are committed for trial at the Crown Court in respect of triable either way offences .
in recent years , there has been a dramatic [raise] , amounting to a veritable explosion , in both the number and proportion of defendants who are committed for trial at the crown court in respect of triable either way offences .

In proportionate terms this represents an increase from 15 per cent to 24 per cent of all defendants who were proceeded against for either way offences over the same period ( Home Office , 1990 : Table 4.5 , 1990f : Table 6.3 ) .
in proportionate terms this represents an [raise] from 15 per cent to 24 per cent of all defendants who were proceeded against for either way offences over the same period ( home office , 1990 : table 4.5 , 1990f : table 6.3 ) .

This is important because it suggests that the courts themselves may well be largely responsible for the dramatic increase in the number ( and proportion ) of triable either way cases coming before the Crown Court in recent years .
this is important because it suggests that the courts themselves may well be largely responsible for the dramatic [raise] in the number ( and proportion ) of triable either way cases coming before the crown court in recent years .

This is largely the result of a dramatic increase in the level of reported and detected crime over the same period , though it also reflects decisions by the police and prosecuting authorities to deal with such offenders by means of prosecuting them instead of cautioning them or taking no further action .
this is largely the result of a dramatic [raise] in the level of reported and detected crime over the same period , though it also reflects decisions by the police and prosecuting authorities to deal with such offenders by means of prosecuting them instead of cautioning them or taking no further action .

It has been suggested that the rapid increase in the Muslim population during this period can not be attributed to the mass conversion of Bogomils , as the greatest increases were recorded in the areas where Bogomils were fewer in number , especially in the towns .
it has been suggested that the rapid [raise] in the muslim population during this period can not be attributed to the mass conversion of bogomils , as the greatest increases were recorded in the areas where bogomils were fewer in number , especially in the towns .

Their rate of natural increase is more than twice the national average , and their numbers increased by 214 per cent between 1971 and 1981 .
their rate of natural [raise] is more than twice the national average , and their numbers increased by 214 per cent between 1971 and 1981 .

The drumming now began to increase in tempo , and several followers began to sway on their feet .
the drumming now began to [raise] in tempo , and several followers began to sway on their feet .

Thus far the internal structure of the pod had protected him from extreme variations in gravitational pull , but now he felt his weight increase as the slim capsule reached terminal velocity for the thin , wind-torn upper atmosphere .
thus far the internal structure of the pod had protected him from extreme variations in gravitational pull , but now he felt his weight [raise] as the slim capsule reached terminal velocity for the thin , wind-torn upper atmosphere .

 It would be a lot of effort , surely , for a relatively small increase in efficiency .
 it would be a lot of effort , surely , for a relatively small [raise] in efficiency .

The choice of such shares will increase the profits of the arbitrageurs , as the adverse price movement ( which helps to restore the no-arbitrage condition ) will be minimized .
the choice of such shares will [raise] the profits of the arbitrageurs , as the adverse price movement ( which helps to restore the no-arbitrage condition ) will be minimized .

Yadav and Pope ( 1992b ) considered the suggestion that , when the index is rising , market makers will run down their holdings of the shares in which they make a market , and when the index is falling they will increase their holding of such shares .
yadav and pope ( 1992b ) considered the suggestion that , when the index is rising , market makers will run down their holdings of the shares in which they make a market , and when the index is falling they will [raise] their holding of such shares .

If the tax timing option is valuable , its value will increase as index volatility increases .
if the tax timing option is valuable , its value will [raise] as index volatility increases .

Since a valuable tax timing option increases the value of the spot ( relative to the future ) , an increase in spot volatility will lead to futures becoming underpriced ( relative to the theoretical futures price which ignores the tax timing option ) , i.e .
since a valuable tax timing option increases the value of the spot ( relative to the future ) , an [raise] in spot volatility will lead to futures becoming underpriced ( relative to the theoretical futures price which ignores the tax timing option ) , i.e .

In this case , the supply of arbitrage services is a step function , with a large increase in arbitrage supply occurring when the mispricing is just large enough to cover the transactions costs of a new group of arbitrageurs .
in this case , the supply of arbitrage services is a step function , with a large [raise] in arbitrage supply occurring when the mispricing is just large enough to cover the transactions costs of a new group of arbitrageurs .

This was not considered in the above example , and will increase the costs of arbitraging an index which contains many companies .
this was not considered in the above example , and will [raise] the costs of arbitraging an index which contains many companies .

This will tend to reduce the price that a trader is prepared to pay for a long position , and increase the price required for a short position .
this will tend to reduce the price that a trader is prepared to pay for a long position , and [raise] the price required for a short position .

Therefore , the introduction of futures will increase the amount of information reflected in the spot price .
therefore , the introduction of futures will [raise] the amount of information reflected in the spot price .

Because of this increase in transactions costs , the profits from exploiting company-specific information in the stock market decline .
because of this [raise] in transactions costs , the profits from exploiting company-specific information in the stock market decline .

For example , index arbitrage will create a substantial increase in uninformed share trading , the holders of shares ( for instance , market makers ) can hedge some of the risk via index futures , and index futures permit the revelation of bad news ( of a general nature ) by adopting a short position .
for example , index arbitrage will create a substantial [raise] in uninformed share trading , the holders of shares ( for instance , market makers ) can hedge some of the risk via index futures , and index futures permit the revelation of bad news ( of a general nature ) by adopting a short position .

There do not appear to have been any empirical studies which have looked for an increase in the amount of information reflected in share prices as a result of the commencement of trading in index futures ( except in so far as volatility reflects information ; see Chapter 13 ) .
there do not appear to have been any empirical studies which have looked for an [raise] in the amount of information reflected in share prices as a result of the commencement of trading in index futures ( except in so far as volatility reflects information ; see chapter 13 ) .

As the delivery dates of the two contracts in the spread get further apart the correlation in their price movements will become weaker , and the volatility of the spread basis will increase .
as the delivery dates of the two contracts in the spread get further apart the correlation in their price movements will become weaker , and the volatility of the spread basis will [raise] .

For example , when the market index rises by 10 % , kryptonite futures prices may increase by 20 % ( a ratio of 2 ) , while the price of phlogiston futures may increase by only 5 % ( a ratio of a half ) .
for example , when the market index rises by 10 % , kryptonite futures prices may [raise] by 20 % ( a ratio of 2 ) , while the price of phlogiston futures may [raise] by only 5 % ( a ratio of a half ) .

Although the value of the market index will tend to increase over time , this will not cause the size and variance of this measure to rise .
although the value of the market index will tend to [raise] over time , this will not cause the size and variance of this measure to rise .

Samuelson ( 1965 ) has argued that , as the delivery date of a futures contract approaches , the volatility of its price will increase , that is , volatility is a negative function of the time to deliver ( or maturity ) .
samuelson ( 1965 ) has argued that , as the delivery date of a futures contract approaches , the volatility of its price will [raise] , that is , volatility is a negative function of the time to deliver ( or maturity ) .

If their model is correct , the variance of futures returns may increase or decrease as the delivery date approaches .
if their model is correct , the variance of futures returns may [raise] or decrease as the delivery date approaches .

We have seen a definite increase in sales .
we have seen a definite [raise] in sales .

St Ives last week reported pretax profits of 10.5m for the half year ended 29th January 1993 , an increase of 4.1 % over the same period last year .
st ives last week reported pretax profits of 10.5m for the half year ended 29th january 1993 , an [raise] of 4.1 % over the same period last year .

Chairman Bob Gavron said that the group had not yet seen an upturn in its markets , and that the modest increase in pretax profits was achieved by an increase in market share in some businesses , an improved product mix , greater efficiency and cost containment .
chairman bob gavron said that the group had not yet seen an upturn in its markets , and that the modest [raise] in pretax profits was achieved by an [raise] in market share in some businesses , an improved product mix , greater efficiency and cost containment .

Not only was this group on the increase but it embraced a complete cross section of society .
not only was this group on the [raise] but it embraced a complete cross section of society .

 the increase in out of town shopping and the negative impact of this on spontaneous purchasing
 the [raise] in out of town shopping and the negative impact of this on spontaneous purchasing

It should be used as a working tool , for example , to help improve profitability , increase sales , improve buying margin , reduce operating costs , and reduce the amount of working capital tied up .
it should be used as a working tool , for example , to help improve profitability , [raise] sales , improve buying margin , reduce operating costs , and reduce the amount of working capital tied up .

Otherwise , they shifted the house-building emphasis from public to private building but by no means eliminated a substantial public element from their enlarged building programme ; they were marginally more ready to increase health service charges ; and they were , perhaps , rather slow to raise social security benefits .
otherwise , they shifted the house-building emphasis from public to private building but by no means eliminated a substantial public element from their enlarged building programme ; they were marginally more ready to [raise] health service charges ; and they were , perhaps , rather slow to raise social security benefits .

In fact , the rise in economic management problems can be correlated with the dramatic increase in the number of economists in the civil service !
in fact , the rise in economic management problems can be correlated with the dramatic [raise] in the number of economists in the civil service !

But then it was successful in bringing inflation under control , but achieved that at the expense of a rapid increase in unemployment .
but then it was successful in bringing inflation under control , but achieved that at the expense of a rapid [raise] in unemployment .

This is likely to bring the arrangements for Scottish legislation under strain and increase the pressure for political devolution .
this is likely to bring the arrangements for scottish legislation under strain and [raise] the pressure for political devolution .

As far as the central grant is concerned , it has developed a technique that enables it to cut the money given to some authorities which it considers to be over-spenders by an amount equal to or more than any expenditure increase .
as far as the central grant is concerned , it has developed a technique that enables it to cut the money given to some authorities which it considers to be over-spenders by an amount equal to or more than any expenditure [raise] .

As far as rates are concerned , it has imposed  rate caps  on a selection of local authorities , which prevent or put limits upon any rate increase .
as far as rates are concerned , it has imposed  rate caps  on a selection of local authorities , which prevent or put limits upon any rate [raise] .

It is seen by the government as a measure which makes more people pay directly for local services and which will increase local accountability .
it is seen by the government as a measure which makes more people pay directly for local services and which will [raise] local accountability .

The Conservatives did not increase these allowances , but it is doubtful whether many voters were influenced to change their allegiances on this issue .
the conservatives did not [raise] these allowances , but it is doubtful whether many voters were influenced to change their allegiances on this issue .

Suffice it to say that in this field voluntary effort has long played a considerable part and there are signs that it intends to increase its contribution to this field .
suffice it to say that in this field voluntary effort has long played a considerable part and there are signs that it intends to [raise] its contribution to this field .

This was most graphically illustrated by what has become known as the Cleveland Controversy , where there was a very rapid increase in referrals of cases of suspected child abuse in the summer of 1987 .
this was most graphically illustrated by what has become known as the cleveland controversy , where there was a very rapid [raise] in referrals of cases of suspected child abuse in the summer of 1987 .

Local authorities have had to implement a controversial Act , involving a considerable increase of responsibility for them , at a time when the creation of the new social services departments preoccupied the child care and social work staff .
local authorities have had to implement a controversial act , involving a considerable [raise] of responsibility for them , at a time when the creation of the new social services departments preoccupied the child care and social work staff .

The increase in juvenile crime throughout the 1970s appeared to confirm the critics ' views .
the [raise] in juvenile crime throughout the 1970s appeared to confirm the critics ' views .

In a sense , then , survival into old age is a triumph , but a triumph that brings with it many problems , problems that tend to increase the longer one survives , the greater age one attains .
in a sense , then , survival into old age is a triumph , but a triumph that brings with it many problems , problems that tend to [raise] the longer one survives , the greater age one attains .

Although they are now regularly increased in November every year , a government pledge to increase the rates in line with the rise in either earnings or prices , whichever was higher , was dropped in 1980 .
although they are now regularly increased in november every year , a government pledge to [raise] the rates in line with the rise in either earnings or prices , whichever was higher , was dropped in 1980 .

With the changes in housing association operation as a result of the 1988 Housing Act , it seems unlikely that these organizations , in the past an important supplier of accommodation for older people , will be able dramatically to increase their share of provision .
with the changes in housing association operation as a result of the 1988 housing act , it seems unlikely that these organizations , in the past an important supplier of accommodation for older people , will be able dramatically to [raise] their share of provision .

The relatively young old person is free to contribute a good deal of time , energy and experience to voluntary action , and large numbers take advantage of retirement or reduced family responsibilities to increase their participation .
the relatively young old person is free to contribute a good deal of time , energy and experience to voluntary action , and large numbers take advantage of retirement or reduced family responsibilities to [raise] their participation .

Reductions in spending on labour-intensive services increase unemployment and hence social security costs .
reductions in spending on labour-intensive services [raise] unemployment and hence social security costs .

If one wants to increase the output of trained social workers or teachers one can reduce the length of their training and dilute its standard , but this will conflict with the need for more specialized staff for the more specialized needs and problems that better services reveal .
if one wants to [raise] the output of trained social workers or teachers one can reduce the length of their training and dilute its standard , but this will conflict with the need for more specialized staff for the more specialized needs and problems that better services reveal .

The greatest increase was among residents of the capital ( Copenhagen ) .
the greatest [raise] was among residents of the capital ( copenhagen ) .

Over the past two decades a possible increase in the incidence of anal cancer has been noted , especially in American communities known for their high representation of homosexual men .
over the past two decades a possible [raise] in the incidence of anal cancer has been noted , especially in american communities known for their high representation of homosexual men .

For men , the recent increase in incidence was seen almost exclusively among the young and middle aged and was confined to men in the most recent birth cohort ( those born since 1918 ) .
for men , the recent [raise] in incidence was seen almost exclusively among the young and middle aged and was confined to men in the most recent birth cohort ( those born since 1918 ) .

For women , a pattern of gradual increase was seen by birth cohort in all age groups .
for women , a pattern of gradual [raise] was seen by birth cohort in all age groups .

Squamous cell carcinomas constituted the overwhelming majority of reported histological results throughout the study period , and the overall rise in anal cancer incidence could be explained almost entirely by the increase in incidence of squamous cell carcinoma , with only a minor contribution from transitional cell cancers in the latest part of the study period ( data not shown ) .
squamous cell carcinomas constituted the overwhelming majority of reported histological results throughout the study period , and the overall rise in anal cancer incidence could be explained almost entirely by the [raise] in incidence of squamous cell carcinoma , with only a minor contribution from transitional cell cancers in the latest part of the study period ( data not shown ) .

During the following 20 years a threefold increase in incidence occurred among men in Copenhagen and its suburbs ( p for trend=0.001 ) .
during the following 20 years a threefold [raise] in incidence occurred among men in copenhagen and its suburbs ( p for trend=0.001 ) .

Among women an appreciable increase was observed in both geographical areas during 194387 ( p for trend < 0.001 ) .
among women an appreciable [raise] was observed in both geographical areas during 194387 ( p for trend < 0.001 ) .

The overall increase in incidence was greater in the capital area than in the rest of Denmark , and by 19837 this difference reached statistical significance ( fig 3 ) .
the overall [raise] in incidence was greater in the capital area than in the rest of denmark , and by 19837 this difference reached statistical significance ( fig 3 ) .

The increase in incidence started around 1960 , at which time the difference in incidence between men and women also emerged .
the [raise] in incidence started around 1960 , at which time the difference in incidence between men and women also emerged .

This finding is in line with a study from Sweden that also found a significant increase in incidence during the shorter period 197084 , resulting in twice the incidence in women as in men .
this finding is in line with a study from sweden that also found a significant [raise] in incidence during the shorter period 197084 , resulting in twice the incidence in women as in men .

In Sweden the steepest increase was also observed in the most densely populated cities , indicating a strong association between certain urban lifestyle factors and anal cancer .
in sweden the steepest [raise] was also observed in the most densely populated cities , indicating a strong association between certain urban lifestyle factors and anal cancer .

Indeed , changed smoking habits might explain some of the observed recent increase in anal cancer incidence .
indeed , changed smoking habits might explain some of the observed recent [raise] in anal cancer incidence .

The increase in anal cancer incidence seen particularly in women and residents of the capital argues in favour of recent important changes in behavioural or environmental factors of importance to the development of this cancer .
the [raise] in anal cancer incidence seen particularly in women and residents of the capital argues in favour of recent important changes in behavioural or environmental factors of importance to the development of this cancer .

The babies ' head circumferences correlated strongly with the external conjugate diameters , increasing by 0.17 inches ( 0.10 to 0.24 ) for each centimetre increase in external conjugate diameter .
the babies ' head circumferences correlated strongly with the external conjugate diameters , increasing by 0.17 inches ( 0.10 to 0.24 ) for each centimetre [raise] in external conjugate diameter .

Cardiovascular mortality was not related to the duration of gestation except for a small increase in death rates in men born prematurely .
cardiovascular mortality was not related to the duration of gestation except for a small [raise] in death rates in men born prematurely .

Attendances then began to increase with a 7.7 % rise for men in 1989 and a further rise of 4.2 % in 1990 (  2 =9495 , df=8 ; p=0 ) .
attendances then began to [raise] with a 7.7 % rise for men in 1989 and a further rise of 4.2 % in 1990 (  2 =9495 , df=8 ; p=0 ) .

When the scheme was introduced there was speculation about whether those intending to become fundholders would increase referral rates in the preparatory year to ensure that their budgets , which were based on historical activity , were large enough to permit savings in subsequent years .
when the scheme was introduced there was speculation about whether those intending to become fundholders would [raise] referral rates in the preparatory year to ensure that their budgets , which were based on historical activity , were large enough to permit savings in subsequent years .

Referrals from fundholding practices to private clinics , on the other hand , might be expected to increase as fundholders would have an incentive to encourage privately insured patients to claim from their insurance companies to avoid incurring a charge against the practice budget .
referrals from fundholding practices to private clinics , on the other hand , might be expected to [raise] as fundholders would have an incentive to encourage privately insured patients to claim from their insurance companies to avoid incurring a charge against the practice budget .

The overall increase in referral rates may seem disappointing to those who hoped that fundholding would provide a mechanism for reducing the demand for specialist care , but it was probably unrealistic to expect a shift to occur in the first year of the scheme .
the overall [raise] in referral rates may seem disappointing to those who hoped that fundholding would provide a mechanism for reducing the demand for specialist care , but it was probably unrealistic to expect a shift to occur in the first year of the scheme .

Measurements are unstable and poorly predictive in adolescence , but from 20 years individual variability seems to be less and does not increase with age .
measurements are unstable and poorly predictive in adolescence , but from 20 years individual variability seems to be less and does not [raise] with age .

Hypokalaemia may increase the predisposition to lethal cardiac arrhythmias and convulsions , especially in hypoxic patients with airways obstruction ; serum potassium concentrations should therefore be monitored in every patient with established or suspected theophylline toxicity , and hypokalaemia should be corrected .
hypokalaemia may [raise] the predisposition to lethal cardiac arrhythmias and convulsions , especially in hypoxic patients with airways obstruction ; serum potassium concentrations should therefore be monitored in every patient with established or suspected theophylline toxicity , and hypokalaemia should be corrected .

Furthermore , although there is an increase in circulating catecholamines in response to theophylline , in the one study he quoted that did not relate to overdose , the effect on blood glucose was clinically insignificant .
furthermore , although there is an [raise] in circulating catecholamines in response to theophylline , in the one study he quoted that did not relate to overdose , the effect on blood glucose was clinically insignificant .

Macfarlane and colleagues suggest that the rise in incidence in Scotland in younger men could be due to a 40 % increase in alcohol consumption in the United Kingdom as a whole .
macfarlane and colleagues suggest that the rise in incidence in scotland in younger men could be due to a 40 % [raise] in alcohol consumption in the united kingdom as a whole .

The fact that the change in semen quality has occurred in parallel with a considerable increase in the incidence of testicular cancer and other genitourinary abnormalities reinforces our view that our findings should be considered seriously .
the fact that the change in semen quality has occurred in parallel with a considerable [raise] in the incidence of testicular cancer and other genitourinary abnormalities reinforces our view that our findings should be considered seriously .

Moreover , these disparities in earnings increase with age over the lifetime , varying according to occupation ( see Heather Joshi 's chapter here ) .
moreover , these disparities in earnings [raise] with age over the lifetime , varying according to occupation ( see heather joshi 's chapter here ) .

The net result is to deter part-time employment among unemployed people and to increase women 's economic reliance on their partners .
the net result is to deter part-time employment among unemployed people and to [raise] women 's economic reliance on their partners .

Indeed Hakim ( 1989 ) suggests that during the late 1980s there was a gradual increase in both the absolute numbers and the proportion of the workforce outside the National Insurance net .
indeed hakim ( 1989 ) suggests that during the late 1980s there was a gradual [raise] in both the absolute numbers and the proportion of the workforce outside the national insurance net .

Not surprisingly , employers have reported an increase in formal methods , especially Jobcentres , and unsolicited written applications from the unemployed since the regulations came into force ( Callender and Metcalf , 1991 ) .
not surprisingly , employers have reported an [raise] in formal methods , especially jobcentres , and unsolicited written applications from the unemployed since the regulations came into force ( callender and metcalf , 1991 ) .

One of the main thrusts of the social security reforms of the 1980s was to improve labour market discipline and , in particular , increase work incentives and reduce reliance on state benefits .
one of the main thrusts of the social security reforms of the 1980s was to improve labour market discipline and , in particular , [raise] work incentives and reduce reliance on state benefits .

The Child Support Act sets out to increase the amount of maintenance paid by former partners , both in terms of the actual amounts paid by individuals and in terms of the number of people paying .
the child support act sets out to [raise] the amount of maintenance paid by former partners , both in terms of the actual amounts paid by individuals and in terms of the number of people paying .

An increase in earnings will lead to a reduction in both benefit and child support and so lone mothers will tend to be trapped at a low level of income .
an [raise] in earnings will lead to a reduction in both benefit and child support and so lone mothers will tend to be trapped at a low level of income .

However , the dependent wife receives only 60 per cent of the single person 's pension  a fact that reflects not only the dependent status of married women but also the failure of the social security system to adapt to the increase in economic activity ( particularly in part-time jobs ) among women since the Beveridge scheme was introduced .
however , the dependent wife receives only 60 per cent of the single person 's pension  a fact that reflects not only the dependent status of married women but also the failure of the social security system to adapt to the [raise] in economic activity ( particularly in part-time jobs ) among women since the beveridge scheme was introduced .

Formal occupational pension provision was used  in the managerial interest  to retire women early , a practice which could increase their risk of poverty in old age .
formal occupational pension provision was used  in the managerial interest  to retire women early , a practice which could [raise] their risk of poverty in old age .

Indeed , the more recent history of pension provision shows more concern on the part of both governments and occupational pension providers to increase widows ' benefits ( themselves symbolic of the financial dependence of wives in marriage ) , than to help women build up their own occupational pension records .
indeed , the more recent history of pension provision shows more concern on the part of both governments and occupational pension providers to [raise] widows ' benefits ( themselves symbolic of the financial dependence of wives in marriage ) , than to help women build up their own occupational pension records .

Combined with changes introduced earlier in the decade , the 1986 Social Security Act has worked to increase the financial responsibilities of parents on benefit and reduce their access to additional sources of financial support for expenses that they are unable to meet from their regular benefit .
combined with changes introduced earlier in the decade , the 1986 social security act has worked to [raise] the financial responsibilities of parents on benefit and reduce their access to additional sources of financial support for expenses that they are unable to meet from their regular benefit .

This was by far the largest profit increase among the groups businesses , and meant that book publishing contributed 52 % of group operating profits on 44 % of total sales .
this was by far the largest profit [raise] among the groups businesses , and meant that book publishing contributed 52 % of group operating profits on 44 % of total sales .

At Penguin , trading profits were 26.3m  and increase of 101 % or , if the impact of the Smithmark and New York lease problems of the previous year is excluded , of 31.5 %  while at Longman , operating profits were up by a hefty 38 % , to 23.5m .
at penguin , trading profits were 26.3m  and [raise] of 101 % or , if the impact of the smithmark and new york lease problems of the previous year is excluded , of 31.5 %  while at longman , operating profits were up by a hefty 38 % , to 23.5m .

The point was not lost on the City , which , pleasantly relieved by the results and cheered by an increase in the final dividend , marked the shares up by 27p .
the point was not lost on the city , which , pleasantly relieved by the results and cheered by an [raise] in the final dividend , marked the shares up by 27p .

An extra eight pages have been added , which will mean a new page design allowing for larger jacket reproduction and a 25 % increase in space for each title .
an extra eight pages have been added , which will mean a new page design allowing for larger jacket reproduction and a 25 % [raise] in space for each title .

Bookpoint is putting increased emphasis on marketing , and expects to increase its client base further from 80 publishers at the time of acquisition and over 100 at the year end .
bookpoint is putting increased emphasis on marketing , and expects to [raise] its client base further from 80 publishers at the time of acquisition and over 100 at the year end .

The reason for the change is the huge increase in the output of children 's books  in 1970 just over 2,000 titles were published , last year just over 7,000  and the organisers have now decided that a new method of selection should be put in place .
the reason for the change is the huge [raise] in the output of children 's books  in 1970 just over 2,000 titles were published , last year just over 7,000  and the organisers have now decided that a new method of selection should be put in place .

The Under-Secretary of State for National Heritage , Robert Key , introducing the draft order , said the increase in funding was more than 5 % , which recognised the costs of a new computer and sought to maintain the real level of the rate per loan to authors .
the under-secretary of state for national heritage , robert key , introducing the draft order , said the [raise] in funding was more than 5 % , which recognised the costs of a new computer and sought to maintain the real level of the rate per loan to authors .

One of the hypothesis which could be proposed , attributes the lack of modification in mitochondrial genome expression to over expression of the intact genome population , or to a substantial increase in the overall concentration of mitochondrial genomes per nuclear genome ( therefore in the intact mitochondrial genome concentration ) .
one of the hypothesis which could be proposed , attributes the lack of modification in mitochondrial genome expression to over expression of the intact genome population , or to a substantial [raise] in the overall concentration of mitochondrial genomes per nuclear genome ( therefore in the intact mitochondrial genome concentration ) .

Such partially compensatory mechanisms ( increase in the mitochondrial genome amount , and possible modulation of transcript half-life ) perhaps account for the discrepancy between heteroplasmy levels and equilibrium transcript concentrations .
such partially compensatory mechanisms ( [raise] in the mitochondrial genome amount , and possible modulation of transcript half-life ) perhaps account for the discrepancy between heteroplasmy levels and equilibrium transcript concentrations .

The first was an increase of the length of the blocked transcript by one and two nucleotides for many of the blockages exhibited by derivatives 2 , 3 and 6 ( eg .
the first was an [raise] of the length of the blocked transcript by one and two nucleotides for many of the blockages exhibited by derivatives 2 , 3 and 6 ( eg .

The gene is expressed throughout embryogenesis with an increase in the expression level between 3 and 10 h and a further increase at the hatching stage .
the gene is expressed throughout embryogenesis with an [raise] in the expression level between 3 and 10 h and a further [raise] at the hatching stage .

It is difficult and hazardous to manipulate radioactivity using tweezers to increase the distance from the source , and we have therefore evaluated the shielding effect of the Eppendorf tube protector for this purpose .
it is difficult and hazardous to manipulate radioactivity using tweezers to [raise] the distance from the source , and we have therefore evaluated the shielding effect of the eppendorf tube protector for this purpose .

Is there any way to increase the buffer used by Print Manager or any other way to stop this annoying problem ? Would changing the printer over to the serial port help ?
is there any way to [raise] the buffer used by print manager or any other way to stop this annoying problem ? would changing the printer over to the serial port help ?

In the presence of 23.4 pmol of NCp7 mutants , only NCp7B was found to stimulate the reverse transcription assay ; an approximately 5- to 10-fold increase in cDNA synthesis was observed .
in the presence of 23.4 pmol of ncp7 mutants , only ncp7b was found to stimulate the reverse transcription assay ; an approximately 5- to 10-fold [raise] in cdna synthesis was observed .

Incentives and fees for service will be needed to reduce private doctors ' autonomy and increase their accountability to the state .
incentives and fees for service will be needed to reduce private doctors ' autonomy and [raise] their accountability to the state .

The goal of donor led initiatives should be to improve health care , not to increase private provision .
the goal of donor led initiatives should be to improve health care , not to [raise] private provision .

The coining of the term  cardboard city  reflects the public consciousness of the visible increase in the number of homeless people on our cities ' streets .
the coining of the term  cardboard city  reflects the public consciousness of the visible [raise] in the number of homeless people on our cities ' streets .

These two sources of evidence suggest that the discharge of long stay patients from the declining mental hospitals is not the main factor contributing to the increase in the numbers of mentally ill people living on the streets .
these two sources of evidence suggest that the discharge of long stay patients from the declining mental hospitals is not the main factor contributing to the [raise] in the numbers of mentally ill people living on the streets .

Resulting deficiencies in the treatment of acutely ill patients can place intolerable burdens on their families and increase interpersonal friction , which may culminate in patients leaving home abruptly and being unable or unwilling to find alternative forms of shelter .
resulting deficiencies in the treatment of acutely ill patients can place intolerable burdens on their families and [raise] interpersonal friction , which may culminate in patients leaving home abruptly and being unable or unwilling to find alternative forms of shelter .

Routine use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors as the first line treatment of depressive illness may greatly increase cost with only questionable benefit .
routine use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors as the first line treatment of depressive illness may greatly [raise] cost with only questionable benefit .

This is comparable to the increase of well established risk factors for coronary heart disease , such as cigarette smoking , hypercholesterolaemia , and hypertension .
this is comparable to the [raise] of well established risk factors for coronary heart disease , such as cigarette smoking , hypercholesterolaemia , and hypertension .

We should consider whether taking on this role , in a context of inadequate overall expenditure , might not increase our administrative workload and the level of stress from our clinical work and adversely affect our relationships with our patients , our staff , and each other .
we should consider whether taking on this role , in a context of inadequate overall expenditure , might not [raise] our administrative workload and the level of stress from our clinical work and adversely affect our relationships with our patients , our staff , and each other .

With an extension of the services covered by the fund , and a reduction in management allowances as more practices take funds , this additional workload will increase and the rewards will dwindle .
with an extension of the services covered by the fund , and a reduction in management allowances as more practices take funds , this additional workload will [raise] and the rewards will dwindle .

It is ironic that reforms intended to increase efficiency by introducing market disciplines should have undermined them in the one sector in which they already existed .
it is ironic that reforms intended to [raise] efficiency by introducing market disciplines should have undermined them in the one sector in which they already existed .

For example , a provider could seek to increase profits by trimming the quality of care or a purchaser to reduce costs by manipulating information or concealing intentions ( for instance , about the number of patients it will be referring under a block contract or their health status ) .
for example , a provider could seek to [raise] profits by trimming the quality of care or a purchaser to reduce costs by manipulating information or concealing intentions ( for instance , about the number of patients it will be referring under a block contract or their health status ) .

When hospitals increase throughput all that happens is that the purchaser runs out of money before the end of the year .
when hospitals [raise] throughput all that happens is that the purchaser runs out of money before the end of the year .

Thus , low dependency psychiatric patients were replaced by patients who required much higher levels of staffing without a commensurate increase in funding .
thus , low dependency psychiatric patients were replaced by patients who required much higher levels of staffing without a commensurate [raise] in funding .

Day hospital places have also continued to increase , but in many districts clinical psychology services are underresourced .
day hospital places have also continued to [raise] , but in many districts clinical psychology services are underresourced .

For most general practitioners a huge increase in workload and a decrease in job satisfaction will result from the closure of almost a quarter of London 's hospital beds .
for most general practitioners a huge [raise] in workload and a decrease in job satisfaction will result from the closure of almost a quarter of london 's hospital beds .

Coulter and Bradlow conclude that  the overall increase in referral rates may seem disappointing to those who hoped that fundholding would provide a mechanism for reducing the demand for specialist care ,  but our interpretation differs .
coulter and bradlow conclude that  the overall [raise] in referral rates may seem disappointing to those who hoped that fundholding would provide a mechanism for reducing the demand for specialist care ,  but our interpretation differs .

Because of the large numbers of emergency caesarean sections it may be true , as Paul Bingham and Richard Lilford claim , that a policy of routine elective caesarean section would not increase immediate maternal mortality , but surely this can not be seriously advocated for a negligible benefit for the fetus .
because of the large numbers of emergency caesarean sections it may be true , as paul bingham and richard lilford claim , that a policy of routine elective caesarean section would not [raise] immediate maternal mortality , but surely this can not be seriously advocated for a negligible benefit for the fetus .

Making a drug unavailable may achieve the objective of reducing risk associated with that individual drug but may increase risk due to alternative drugs or because of reduced efficacy of alternate treatments .
making a drug unavailable may achieve the objective of reducing risk associated with that individual drug but may [raise] risk due to alternative drugs or because of reduced efficacy of alternate treatments .

The General Medical Services Committee 's working party seems to have been unconcerned about how the public and politicians might view its proposals  otherwise it would not have proposed to increase professional control over a system already under challenge for partiality , lack of openness , and professional control .
the general medical services committee 's working party seems to have been unconcerned about how the public and politicians might view its proposals  otherwise it would not have proposed to [raise] professional control over a system already under challenge for partiality , lack of openness , and professional control .

It is in nobody 's interest to increase the adversarial nature of the procedures , yet this is what the General Medical Services Committee acknowledges would result from its proposals .
it is in nobody 's interest to [raise] the adversarial nature of the procedures , yet this is what the general medical services committee acknowledges would result from its proposals .

Furthermore , as the numbers of elderly people in the population increase so will the incidence of severe acute renal failure .
furthermore , as the numbers of elderly people in the population [raise] so will the incidence of severe acute renal failure .

If other practitioners ' perception of the value of treatment of severe acute renal failure in elderly people changes nephrologists ' workload will increase .
if other practitioners ' perception of the value of treatment of severe acute renal failure in elderly people changes nephrologists ' workload will [raise] .

( 3 ) Falls in skin po 2 and Sao 2 with or without bradycardia , preceded by the sudden onset and continued presence ( for 4080 seconds ) of a large increase in amplitude and irregularity of the breathing movement signal .
( 3 ) falls in skin po 2 and sao 2 with or without bradycardia , preceded by the sudden onset and continued presence ( for 4080 seconds ) of a large [raise] in amplitude and irregularity of the breathing movement signal .

These episodes can be due to both apnoeic and non-apnoeic mechanisms , and some of the apparent benefits of additional inspired oxygen may arise through relaxation of bronchiolar or pulmonary arteriolar muscle tone , both of which may increase in response to airway hypoxia .
these episodes can be due to both apnoeic and non-apnoeic mechanisms , and some of the apparent benefits of additional inspired oxygen may arise through relaxation of bronchiolar or pulmonary arteriolar muscle tone , both of which may [raise] in response to airway hypoxia .

An increase in urinary albumin excretion is recognised as predicting impending renal failure in diabetic patients and cardiovascular disease in the general population .
an [raise] in urinary albumin excretion is recognised as predicting impending renal failure in diabetic patients and cardiovascular disease in the general population .

The higher proportion of older primiparous women in 1989 does not fully explain the rise in the rate of non-elective caesarean sections since there was still a significant increase when they were excluded ( 77/1438 ( 5 % ) in 1984 v 102/1416 ( 7 % ) in 1989 , p < 0.05 ) .
the higher proportion of older primiparous women in 1989 does not fully explain the rise in the rate of non-elective caesarean sections since there was still a significant [raise] when they were excluded ( 77/1438 ( 5 % ) in 1984 v 102/1416 ( 7 % ) in 1989 , p < 0.05 ) .

These estimates assume no significant  spontaneous  decrease or increase with time and no significant regional differences in the birth prevalence of congenital abnormalities .
these estimates assume no significant  spontaneous  decrease or [raise] with time and no significant regional differences in the birth prevalence of congenital abnormalities .

Recent reports suggesting that 7080 % of severe congenital abnormalities may be detected by routine fetal anomaly scanning by trained non-medical operators with modern equipment would considerably increase the proportion of preventable congenital abnormalities .
recent reports suggesting that 7080 % of severe congenital abnormalities may be detected by routine fetal anomaly scanning by trained non-medical operators with modern equipment would considerably [raise] the proportion of preventable congenital abnormalities .

It is also possible to increase the effectiveness of other forms of prenatal screening .
it is also possible to [raise] the effectiveness of other forms of prenatal screening .

However , careful use of criteria for surgery could increase the value and reduce the incidence of dilatation and curettage .
however , careful use of criteria for surgery could [raise] the value and reduce the incidence of dilatation and curettage .

We have not yet investigated any change in the incidence of dilatation and curettage in young women since this audit , but we conclude that if a strict protocol for surgery is adhered to , the proportion of patients for whom useful histological information is gained should increase and the number of dilatation and curettage operations decrease with appropriate clinical and economic advantage .
we have not yet investigated any change in the incidence of dilatation and curettage in young women since this audit , but we conclude that if a strict protocol for surgery is adhered to , the proportion of patients for whom useful histological information is gained should [raise] and the number of dilatation and curettage operations decrease with appropriate clinical and economic advantage .

It is not surprising that the women who had epidural analgesia had significantly longer labours , a greater requirement for oxytocin , and a higher rate of instrumental delivery as such factors increase the need for epidural analgesia and therefore can not be assumed to result from it .
it is not surprising that the women who had epidural analgesia had significantly longer labours , a greater requirement for oxytocin , and a higher rate of instrumental delivery as such factors [raise] the need for epidural analgesia and therefore can not be assumed to result from it .

In part , it reflects the secular increase in overall consultation rates due to sociodemographic changes such as the increase in numbers and proportions of elderly people and the very young .
in part , it reflects the secular [raise] in overall consultation rates due to sociodemographic changes such as the [raise] in numbers and proportions of elderly people and the very young .

The findings support the infection hypothesis that population mixing can increase the incidence of childhood leukaemia in rural areas .
the findings support the infection hypothesis that population mixing can [raise] the incidence of childhood leukaemia in rural areas .

This implies an increase in contacts between susceptible and infected individuals for some unidentified transmissible agent whose transmission is more likely in areas of low population density where the prevalence of susceptible people tends to be higher than average .
this implies an [raise] in contacts between susceptible and infected individuals for some unidentified transmissible agent whose transmission is more likely in areas of low population density where the prevalence of susceptible people tends to be higher than average .

There was a substantial increase in terminal and offshore activity in 19778 , reaching unprecedented levels shortly afterwards .
there was a substantial [raise] in terminal and offshore activity in 19778 , reaching unprecedented levels shortly afterwards .

The hypothesis underlying this study was confirmed by finding a significant increase of childhood leukaemia in those rural areas of Scotland that were most affected by population  mixing  associated with the North Sea oil industry .
the hypothesis underlying this study was confirmed by finding a significant [raise] of childhood leukaemia in those rural areas of scotland that were most affected by population  mixing  associated with the north sea oil industry .

On the other hand , it would be incorrect to suppose that the first influx of nuclear workers in Thurso did not produce the twofold or greater increase noted in rural new towns : the only two cases at ages 014 in the period 195167 occurred in the five years following the influx in 1958 ( expected 0.41 ; not significant ) .
on the other hand , it would be incorrect to suppose that the first influx of nuclear workers in thurso did not produce the twofold or greater [raise] noted in rural new towns : the only two cases at ages 014 in the period 195167 occurred in the five years following the influx in 1958 ( expected 0.41 ; not significant ) .

Nevertheless , the median increase in survival in patients receiving chemotherapy was six months , during which time , overall quality of life , was at least as good as in patients receiving supportive care .
nevertheless , the median [raise] in survival in patients receiving chemotherapy was six months , during which time , overall quality of life , was at least as good as in patients receiving supportive care .

Complete palliative response  All global and subgrouping scores increase to within normal range for at least two successive measurements
complete palliative response  all global and subgrouping scores [raise] to within normal range for at least two successive measurements

The increase in the number of night visits is only partly due to the change in hours during which visits may be claimed .
the [raise] in the number of night visits is only partly due to the change in hours during which visits may be claimed .

There has been a considerable increase in the number of night visits claimed for by general practitioners since the introduction of their 1990 contract , which brought two changes to the relevant payment structure .
there has been a considerable [raise] in the number of night visits claimed for by general practitioners since the introduction of their 1990 contract , which brought two changes to the relevant payment structure .

Does the extension in claimable hours alone account for the increase in the number of night visits ?
does the extension in claimable hours alone account for the [raise] in the number of night visits ?

The change in hours may compound an underlying increase in the number of claims , either because of increasing demand by patients or because the higher fee might encourage doctors to visit when previously they offered advice by telephone .
the change in hours may compound an underlying [raise] in the number of claims , either because of increasing demand by patients or because the higher fee might encourage doctors to visit when previously they offered advice by telephone .

The change in hours accounts for 64.7 % ( 8393/12975 ) of the increase in the number of claims since 1989 .
the change in hours accounts for 64.7 % ( 8393/12975 ) of the [raise] in the number of claims since 1989 .

Adding two hours to the period within which night visits may be claimed has caused a clear rise in claims , and this accounts for most , but not all , of the increase observed since the 1990 contract .
adding two hours to the period within which night visits may be claimed has caused a clear rise in claims , and this accounts for most , but not all , of the [raise] observed since the 1990 contract .

Even after visits made in the extra two hours are excluded there has still been an increase of nearly 39 % in night visits from 1989 to 1992 , and the number of night visits has more than doubled in the 10 years since 1982 .
even after visits made in the extra two hours are excluded there has still been an [raise] of nearly 39 % in night visits from 1989 to 1992 , and the number of night visits has more than doubled in the 10 years since 1982 .

The data suggest that the underlying increase has accelerated since 1990 .
the data suggest that the underlying [raise] has accelerated since 1990 .

Buxton et al showed an increase between 1967 and 1975 from 4.3 to 10.1 night visits per 1000 patient population per year .
buxton et al showed an [raise] between 1967 and 1975 from 4.3 to 10.1 night visits per 1000 patient population per year .

The equivalent estimated figure from my research is 20.8 visits , which represents an almost fivefold increase in 25 years .
the equivalent estimated figure from my research is 20.8 visits , which represents an almost fivefold [raise] in 25 years .

Success in biomedical careers has long been associated with authorship of publications in peer reviewed journals , and this association may partly explain the exponential increase in the number of articles published over the past two decades .
success in biomedical careers has long been associated with authorship of publications in peer reviewed journals , and this association may partly explain the exponential [raise] in the number of articles published over the past two decades .

An alternative hypothesis is that clinical studies have evolved towards a larger format over the past decade , with a corresponding increase in the number of contributors .
an alternative hypothesis is that clinical studies have evolved towards a larger format over the past decade , with a corresponding [raise] in the number of contributors .

The uncontrolled increase in the number of authors might be remediable to some extent by journals devising a collective policy .
the uncontrolled [raise] in the number of authors might be remediable to some extent by journals devising a collective policy .

This increase was accompanied by a substantial rise in the provision of residential and nursing home places by the private and voluntary sectors .
this [raise] was accompanied by a substantial rise in the provision of residential and nursing home places by the private and voluntary sectors .

In an attempt to deal with this discrimination against public patients , the 19923 federal budget plan is introducing bonus payments to those states which increase the proportion of public patients treated .
in an attempt to deal with this discrimination against public patients , the 19923 federal budget plan is introducing bonus payments to those states which [raise] the proportion of public patients treated .

Goal:To increase the number of people living in adequate housing
goal:to [raise] the number of people living in adequate housing

Intermediate indicator  to increase the proportion of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders living in remote and rural communities who live in dwellings which have
intermediate indicator  to [raise] the proportion of aboriginal and torres strait islanders living in remote and rural communities who live in dwellings which have

Editor ,  The increase in antenatal diagnoses of Down 's syndrome suggests a more widespread use of biochemical screening .
editor ,  the [raise] in antenatal diagnoses of down 's syndrome suggests a more widespread use of biochemical screening .

Instead , our precise conclusion was that  the probability of cell death does not increase with the age of the culture ; ie , there are no grounds for speaking of aging at the cellular level  ( p 216 ) .
instead , our precise conclusion was that  the probability of cell death does not [raise] with the age of the culture ; ie , there are no grounds for speaking of aging at the cellular level  ( p 216 ) .

There has been no proportionate increase in consultant numbers despite Higginson 's work showing the benefits of this approach .
there has been no proportionate [raise] in consultant numbers despite higginson 's work showing the benefits of this approach .

Increase in staff grade posts
[raise] in staff grade posts

251846 " considering the great evils from tippling houses , and also the number of these licensed , judged it proper to bring the matter before the Justices of the Peace by Petition that they might use their power in surpressing as many as possible and refuse to increase the number . "
251846 " considering the great evils from tippling houses , and also the number of these licensed , judged it proper to bring the matter before the justices of the peace by petition that they might use their power in surpressing as many as possible and refuse to [raise] the number . "

Other large clinical trials have not described any increase in cancer after treatment with other  blockers , but reporting of such unanticipated outcomes is often incomplete .
other large clinical trials have not described any [raise] in cancer after treatment with other  blockers , but reporting of such unanticipated outcomes is often incomplete .

Any increase in cancer with a particular antihypertensive drug will be difficult to detect because of both the dearth of large scale clinical trials which directly compare different treatments and the relative infrequency of cancer in prospective studies .
any [raise] in cancer with a particular antihypertensive drug will be difficult to detect because of both the dearth of large scale clinical trials which directly compare different treatments and the relative infrequency of cancer in prospective studies .

Still , such evaluation is important because , for example , if the incidence of cardiovascular complications of hypertension is 5/1000/year and if a drug reduces risk by 30 % ( that is , by 1.5/1000/year ) then with an increase in cases of cancer of just 2/1000/year a particular drug could do more harm than good .
still , such evaluation is important because , for example , if the incidence of cardiovascular complications of hypertension is 5/1000/year and if a drug reduces risk by 30 % ( that is , by 1.5/1000/year ) then with an [raise] in cases of cancer of just 2/1000/year a particular drug could do more harm than good .

With respect to first line treatment with diuretics and  blockers , consolation is available in the fact that meta-analysis of large , randomised clinical trials have not identified any increase in deaths from cancer and the use of these drugs seems to reduce total , as well as cardiovascular , mortality .
with respect to first line treatment with diuretics and  blockers , consolation is available in the fact that meta-analysis of large , randomised clinical trials have not identified any [raise] in deaths from cancer and the use of these drugs seems to reduce total , as well as cardiovascular , mortality .

Cancer incidence did not rise in the clinic after a large increase in prescriptions for atenolol after 1976 .
cancer incidence did not rise in the clinic after a large [raise] in prescriptions for atenolol after 1976 .

Cancer incidence showed no increase in clinic patients after 1976 and no increase relative to controls at any time ( fig 1 ) .
cancer incidence showed no [raise] in clinic patients after 1976 and no [raise] relative to controls at any time ( fig 1 ) .

Survival time  Theoretically , a drug may increase cancer incidence either by causing new cancers or by accelerating the growth of existing cancers .
survival time  theoretically , a drug may [raise] cancer incidence either by causing new cancers or by accelerating the growth of existing cancers .

At the same time there was an increase of 15 % in the complexity of referrals .
at the same time there was an [raise] of 15 % in the complexity of referrals .

The aim is not to increase the community nurses ' workload but rather to decrease time spent chasing the social work team .
the aim is not to [raise] the community nurses ' workload but rather to decrease time spent chasing the social work team .

Many general practitioners fear that the community care reforms will increase their own workload , too .
many general practitioners fear that the community care reforms will [raise] their own workload , too .

The incidence of diaphragmatic rupture due to blunt trauma is increasing concomitantly with the increase in the number of motor vehicle accidents .
the incidence of diaphragmatic rupture due to blunt trauma is increasing concomitantly with the [raise] in the number of motor vehicle accidents .

General practitioners have also had to bear the brunt of many changes , usually without a proportionate increase in funding or resources , and now have to contend with the problems of poor recruitment .
general practitioners have also had to bear the brunt of many changes , usually without a proportionate [raise] in funding or resources , and now have to contend with the problems of poor recruitment .

An increase in consultant surgeons would have several benefits .
an [raise] in consultant surgeons would have several benefits .

There has been a consistent increase in the number of well qualified applicants of about 30 % to the Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine , and we are able to admit only one in 18 applicants .
there has been a consistent [raise] in the number of well qualified applicants of about 30 % to the royal free hospital school of medicine , and we are able to admit only one in 18 applicants .

Five cases is a 20-fold increase ( 6.4 to 46.4 ; p < 0.0001 ) .
five cases is a 20-fold [raise] ( 6.4 to 46.4 ; p < 0.0001 ) .

There is a considerable increase in retinoblastoma in children whose mothers have lived in Seascale during the period of operation of the Sellafield nuclear plant .
there is a considerable [raise] in retinoblastoma in children whose mothers have lived in seascale during the period of operation of the sellafield nuclear plant .

Research into c -fos and other related genes ( known as immediate early genes ) as markers of noxious stimulation in the nervous system can increase understanding of the basis of both acute and chronic pain state .
research into c -fos and other related genes ( known as immediate early genes ) as markers of noxious stimulation in the nervous system can [raise] understanding of the basis of both acute and chronic pain state .

In the British population 70 year old men are on average about 4 cm shorter than 40 year old men , partly because of the general increase in adult height since the 1930s .
in the british population 70 year old men are on average about 4 cm shorter than 40 year old men , partly because of the general [raise] in adult height since the 1930s .

Another option is that Health boards provide `` Timbury units `` for considerable numbers of mildly and moderately demented patients , or that the private or voluntary sectors continue to increase their provision in this area .
another option is that health boards provide `` timbury units `` for considerable numbers of mildly and moderately demented patients , or that the private or voluntary sectors continue to [raise] their provision in this area .

The rapid growth in the number of people over 75 will bring a very significant increase in the total number of dementia sufferers in spite of the forecasted decline in the population aged 65 to 74 .
the rapid growth in the number of people over 75 will bring a very significant [raise] in the total number of dementia sufferers in spite of the forecasted decline in the population aged 65 to 74 .

The evidence is that at the present time there is a serious lack of resources to care adequately for the number of sufferers living in ordinary housing , and that this mismatch between numbers and resources is likely to increase at least to the end of the century .
the evidence is that at the present time there is a serious lack of resources to care adequately for the number of sufferers living in ordinary housing , and that this mismatch between numbers and resources is likely to [raise] at least to the end of the century .

Tenants in sheltered housing schemes are very concerned about any increase in services and therefore costs .
tenants in sheltered housing schemes are very concerned about any [raise] in services and therefore costs .

One of the aims of the new housing legislation is to increase the amount of rented accommodation available , but as this is dependent on private sector financing it is feared that it will be of greater benefit to the better-off section of the community .
one of the aims of the new housing legislation is to [raise] the amount of rented accommodation available , but as this is dependent on private sector financing it is feared that it will be of greater benefit to the better-off section of the community .

If you go into the information about residential homes , Year Number of homes Number of places 1986 502 15977 1987 546 16740 That 's an increase of 44 homes and 763 places .
if you go into the information about residential homes , year number of homes number of places 1986 502 15977 1987 546 16740 that 's an [raise] of 44 homes and 763 places .

Craft and social groups help to structure a patient 's day , improving orientation , which is further reinforced by staff use of reality orientation , while reminiscence packs help to improve concentration , encourage communication and increase self-esteem as well as providing fun and enjoyment !
craft and social groups help to structure a patient 's day , improving orientation , which is further reinforced by staff use of reality orientation , while reminiscence packs help to improve concentration , encourage communication and [raise] self-esteem as well as providing fun and enjoyment !

As the numbers of elderly people with dementia within the home increase  will the non-dementing group be in one wing with three others providing care for old people with dementia .
as the numbers of elderly people with dementia within the home [raise]  will the non-dementing group be in one wing with three others providing care for old people with dementia .

It so happened that in 1885 a Royal Commission had been set up `` to investigate and report upon , the condition of the blind in the United Kingdom , the various systems of education of the blind  the employments open to and suitable for the blind and the means by which education may be extended so as to increase the number of blind persons qualified for such employments . ``
it so happened that in 1885 a royal commission had been set up `` to investigate and report upon , the condition of the blind in the united kingdom , the various systems of education of the blind  the employments open to and suitable for the blind and the means by which education may be extended so as to [raise] the number of blind persons qualified for such employments . ``

The addition of the colour screen meant a great increase in the exposure time .
the addition of the colour screen meant a great [raise] in the exposure time .

Global ventricular dilatation , which results from a progressive increase in myocyte length with sarcomere recruitment and resulting hypertrophy of the non-infarcted myocardium , continues for a long time .
global ventricular dilatation , which results from a progressive [raise] in myocyte length with sarcomere recruitment and resulting hypertrophy of the non-infarcted myocardium , continues for a long time .

Global ventricular dilatation results in progressive increase in the volume of the ventricular cavity , which is a powerful predictor of mortality after myocardial infarction and a recognised precursor of symptomatic heart failure .
global ventricular dilatation results in progressive [raise] in the volume of the ventricular cavity , which is a powerful predictor of mortality after myocardial infarction and a recognised precursor of symptomatic heart failure .

Deprivation payments were introduced with the 1990 general practitioner contract with the intention of putting more resources into practices where deprivation might be expected to increase the demand for services .
deprivation payments were introduced with the 1990 general practitioner contract with the intention of putting more resources into practices where deprivation might be expected to [raise] the demand for services .

This would increase the proportion of patients attracting some deprivation payment to their practice from the current 9 % to about 20 % of the population .
this would [raise] the proportion of patients attracting some deprivation payment to their practice from the current 9 % to about 20 % of the population .

Salmeterol caused a largely dose dependent increase in airway and systemic effects , although only salmeterol 200 g increased tremor amplitude and QTc interval .
salmeterol caused a largely dose dependent [raise] in airway and systemic effects , although only salmeterol 200 g increased tremor amplitude and qtc interval .

The addition of salbutamol caused a roughly parallel fall in plasma potassium concentration and increase in heart rate , tremor amplitude , and QTc interval confirming a largely additive effect ; the dose response curves for salbutamol seemed to converge at higher doses .
the addition of salbutamol caused a roughly parallel fall in plasma potassium concentration and [raise] in heart rate , tremor amplitude , and qtc interval confirming a largely additive effect ; the dose response curves for salbutamol seemed to converge at higher doses .

Scharli et al noted a 23 % rise in the use of barium meal examinations over the 55 years of their study , while Breaux et al reported a 34 % increase in the use of imaging techniques between 1980 and 1984 , largely attributable to the use of ultrasound .
scharli et al noted a 23 % rise in the use of barium meal examinations over the 55 years of their study , while breaux et al reported a 34 % [raise] in the use of imaging techniques between 1980 and 1984 , largely attributable to the use of ultrasound .

There is an increase in risk due to irradiation of the breast , but this is likely to be small and is best estimated from a woman 's age and dose of irradiation .
there is an [raise] in risk due to irradiation of the breast , but this is likely to be small and is best estimated from a woman 's age and dose of irradiation .

Almost all women in Britain receive oxytocin-ergometrine ( Syntometrine ) at delivery , which causes an increase in plasma oxytocin concentration within 45 seconds .
almost all women in britain receive oxytocin-ergometrine ( syntometrine ) at delivery , which causes an [raise] in plasma oxytocin concentration within 45 seconds .

If so , the cord should be clamped before the increase in plasma oxytocin concentration .
if so , the cord should be clamped before the [raise] in plasma oxytocin concentration .

Even when an oxytocic agent is not given a small proportion of patients show an increase in plasma oxytocin concentration during the late second or early third stage of labour .
even when an oxytocic agent is not given a small proportion of patients show an [raise] in plasma oxytocin concentration during the late second or early third stage of labour .

This increase in endogenous oxytocin could theoretically cause uterine contraction and excessive transfusion within 30 seconds of delivery .
this [raise] in endogenous oxytocin could theoretically cause uterine contraction and excessive transfusion within 30 seconds of delivery .

The improvement may well be largely related to an increase in volume leading to an increase in blood volume in the lungs  an effect shown by transthoracic impedance techniques .
the improvement may well be largely related to an [raise] in volume leading to an [raise] in blood volume in the lungs  an effect shown by transthoracic impedance techniques .

Because of this the investigators subsequently carried out a larger trial ( in 86 babies ) , which did not confirm either the reduction in haemorrhage or the increase in mortality .
because of this the investigators subsequently carried out a larger trial ( in 86 babies ) , which did not confirm either the reduction in haemorrhage or the [raise] in mortality .

The absence of any relation between birth weight and change in blood pressure percentile rank between 57 and 911 years suggested that the relation between birth weight and blood pressure is established by 57 years and that the subsequent increase in the strength of the association is due to blood pressure tracking and to the increasing dispersion of the blood pressure distribution with age .
the absence of any relation between birth weight and change in blood pressure percentile rank between 57 and 911 years suggested that the relation between birth weight and blood pressure is established by 57 years and that the subsequent [raise] in the strength of the association is due to blood pressure tracking and to the increasing dispersion of the blood pressure distribution with age .

Whilst the increase in the mean estimate of the Kd values in general parallels the extent of the deletion of the -subunit , it is most noticeable in the case of the gal promoter .
whilst the [raise] in the mean estimate of the kd values in general parallels the extent of the deletion of the -subunit , it is most noticeable in the case of the gal promoter .

First is the possibility of an unnecessary increase in the number of old people consigned to institutional care .
first is the possibility of an unnecessary [raise] in the number of old people consigned to institutional care .

These findings do not confirm fears of an overall increase in the number of old people looked after in institutions , and the proportion of 4.7 % remains commendably low by international standards ( and lower than the national average of 5.1 % in 1971 ) .
these findings do not confirm fears of an overall [raise] in the number of old people looked after in institutions , and the proportion of 4.7 % remains commendably low by international standards ( and lower than the national average of 5.1 % in 1971 ) .

Many fear that this first reduction in hours will mean an increase in the intensity of their work and a fall in their remuneration for it .
many fear that this first reduction in hours will mean an [raise] in the intensity of their work and a fall in their remuneration for it .

Some of these problems  for example , study leave  could be solved by a minor increase in resources .
some of these problems  for example , study leave  could be solved by a minor [raise] in resources .

Parents ' reports of birth weight and gestational age are sufficiently accurate for analysis and not necessarily worse than hospital case notes ; lack of accuracy would decrease rather than increase the strength of the observed associations .
parents ' reports of birth weight and gestational age are sufficiently accurate for analysis and not necessarily worse than hospital case notes ; lack of accuracy would decrease rather than [raise] the strength of the observed associations .

In 1990 ( 1979 ) , 6079 ( 4678 ) elderly people were enumerated in 241 ( 133 ) establishments , a 30 % increase in the numbers of elderly people in residential care and an 82 % increase in the number of establishments between 1979 and 1990 .
in 1990 ( 1979 ) , 6079 ( 4678 ) elderly people were enumerated in 241 ( 133 ) establishments , a 30 % [raise] in the numbers of elderly people in residential care and an 82 % [raise] in the number of establishments between 1979 and 1990 .

Dependency levels rose between 1979 and 1990 in all but the geriatric sector , the greatest increases being found in private residential homes where the largest percentage increase in the number of residents had occurred .
dependency levels rose between 1979 and 1990 in all but the geriatric sector , the greatest increases being found in private residential homes where the largest percentage [raise] in the number of residents had occurred .

Entry then became based on financial rather than medical or social assessment , and in 1983 upper limits were set on supplementary benefit , resulting in a massive increase in the total national bill for supplementary benefits to people in private sector homes  from 105m in 1983 to 500m by 1986 .
entry then became based on financial rather than medical or social assessment , and in 1983 upper limits were set on supplementary benefit , resulting in a massive [raise] in the total national bill for supplementary benefits to people in private sector homes  from 105m in 1983 to 500m by 1986 .

Despite the large increase in the private sector , which has no single administrative body to which all private homes belong , only 12 homes refused to participate in the 1990 census , rendering it most unlikely that the changes in both demography and dependency in any sector are a result of response bias .
despite the large [raise] in the private sector , which has no single administrative body to which all private homes belong , only 12 homes refused to participate in the 1990 census , rendering it most unlikely that the changes in both demography and dependency in any sector are a result of response bias .

The reduction in the scale of long term geriatric provision has been accompanied by an increase in the provision of residential care and nursing homes .
the reduction in the scale of long term geriatric provision has been accompanied by an [raise] in the provision of residential care and nursing homes .

Though the number of people over the age of 65 is predicted not to increase over the next 10 years and to rise slowly thereafter , the profile of this group will change considerably .
though the number of people over the age of 65 is predicted not to [raise] over the next 10 years and to rise slowly thereafter , the profile of this group will change considerably .

Risks to the fetus increase slightly after 42 weeks  gestation but women having labour induced are more likely to have instrumental deliveries or babies with low Apgar scores .
risks to the fetus [raise] slightly after 42 weeks  gestation but women having labour induced are more likely to have instrumental deliveries or babies with low apgar scores .

Perinatal mortality is lowest at 40 weeks ' gestation and does not increase until after 42 weeks , and then only slightly .
perinatal mortality is lowest at 40 weeks ' gestation and does not [raise] until after 42 weeks , and then only slightly .

Women who go into spontaneous labour before their estimated date of delivery are fortunate as the risks to both mother and baby have been shown to increase as  term progresses .
women who go into spontaneous labour before their estimated date of delivery are fortunate as the risks to both mother and baby have been shown to [raise] as  term progresses .

Soon the speed and scope of the closure programme will increase .
soon the speed and scope of the closure programme will [raise] .

What about the individual users ? Will their power increase even if the character of services remains substantially unchanged ? Will they have more control over their own care and treatment ?
what about the individual users ? will their power [raise] even if the character of services remains substantially unchanged ? will they have more control over their own care and treatment ?

Without a legal basis for users ' role in the assessment process , without full rights to user representation , and without national minimum standards for community care , any increase in users ' individual power may be illusory .
without a legal basis for users ' role in the assessment process , without full rights to user representation , and without national minimum standards for community care , any [raise] in users ' individual power may be illusory .

Ronald Reagan , with his crude , moralising attacks on Russia 's  evil Empire  , his readiness to engage in military action ( such as the invasion of the Caribbean island of Grenada in 1983 ) , and his massive increase in military spending ( which helped drive America deeply into debt ) seemed disturbing to many Europeans .
ronald reagan , with his crude , moralising attacks on russia 's  evil empire  , his readiness to engage in military action ( such as the invasion of the caribbean island of grenada in 1983 ) , and his massive [raise] in military spending ( which helped drive america deeply into debt ) seemed disturbing to many europeans .

In 1943 the American Treasury had conceived the  Morgenthau Plan  to turn Germany into an agricultural economy , but in the summer of 1947 the Americans and British agreed to increase steel production in the Bizone .
in 1943 the american treasury had conceived the  morgenthau plan  to turn germany into an agricultural economy , but in the summer of 1947 the americans and british agreed to [raise] steel production in the bizone .

The German economy in 1974 was still troubled by the 1973 oil price increase .
the german economy in 1974 was still troubled by the 1973 oil price [raise] .

In 1979 , however , came the second major oil price increase of the decade , followed by a general depression in the West .
in 1979 , however , came the second major oil price [raise] of the decade , followed by a general depression in the west .

In the modern industrial world , more and more people are feeling a need to find out about their immediate and distant past , and this is likely to increase in the future .
in the modern industrial world , more and more people are feeling a need to find out about their immediate and distant past , and this is likely to [raise] in the future .

Once such a framework has been established , the emphasis is on finding new methods of dating finds and ways of refining existing methods to increase accuracy .
once such a framework has been established , the emphasis is on finding new methods of dating finds and ways of refining existing methods to [raise] accuracy .

Extra buses were put on to cope with the increase in numbers ; the school restaurant overflowed and three new cafs opened near by in the Camberwell Road .
extra buses were put on to cope with the [raise] in numbers ; the school restaurant overflowed and three new cafs opened near by in the camberwell road .

Friends noticed an increase in Minton 's drinking at this time .
friends noticed an [raise] in minton 's drinking at this time .

Gradually , collaborative writing ( writing in pairs , threes , fours and sustained over a number of sessions ) began to increase .
gradually , collaborative writing ( writing in pairs , threes , fours and sustained over a number of sessions ) began to [raise] .

The tenure data for the rings shows that here there has been an increase in owner-occupation at the expense of  other tenures  which in these former coal field areas included colliery housing .
the tenure data for the rings shows that here there has been an [raise] in owner-occupation at the expense of  other tenures  which in these former coal field areas included colliery housing .

Such population growth as there has been since then comes from a natural internally generated increase and there has been significant out-migration .
such population growth as there has been since then comes from a natural internally generated [raise] and there has been significant out-migration .

The growth areas over the period 197184 were financial services , with an increase of 11 000 jobs ( more than twice the 1971 figures ) , and distribution , etc .
the growth areas over the period 197184 were financial services , with an [raise] of 11 000 jobs ( more than twice the 1971 figures ) , and distribution , etc .

, with an increase of 12000 jobs , or an increase of a third .
, with an [raise] of 12000 jobs , or an [raise] of a third .

a decline in full-time male employment in industry and an increase in part-time female employment in the services .
a decline in full-time male employment in industry and an [raise] in part-time female employment in the services .

Obviously , these totals vary and indeed sometimes increase .
obviously , these totals vary and indeed sometimes [raise] .

Nobody is perfect but knowledge mus increase
nobody is perfect but knowledge mus [raise]

The number of part-time women workers has continued to increase in recent years despite the recession , growing steadily from 2.8 million in 1971 to 4.2 million in 1984 .
the number of part-time women workers has continued to [raise] in recent years despite the recession , growing steadily from 2.8 million in 1971 to 4.2 million in 1984 .

Some writers have suggested that the increase in the number of household gadgets such as washing machines , fridges , freezers , food mixers , vacuum cleaners and non-stick pans must have significantly reduced the amount of housework that women do .
some writers have suggested that the [raise] in the number of household gadgets such as washing machines , fridges , freezers , food mixers , vacuum cleaners and non-stick pans must have significantly reduced the amount of housework that women do .

Second , there is the issue of the increase or decrease in overtly exploitative , degrading and violent forms of sexuality .
second , there is the issue of the [raise] or decrease in overtly exploitative , degrading and violent forms of sexuality .

Welfare benefits currently form a higher proportion of many individuals ' income that was formerly the case , because of the rise in unemployment to levels unheard of since the 1930s , and because of the increase in the number of old people who are dependent upon state pensions .
welfare benefits currently form a higher proportion of many individuals ' income that was formerly the case , because of the rise in unemployment to levels unheard of since the 1930s , and because of the [raise] in the number of old people who are dependent upon state pensions .

This proportionate increase is still continuing , despite an overall reduction in the number of university undergraduate places ( see table 4.3 below ) .
this proportionate [raise] is still continuing , despite an overall reduction in the number of university undergraduate places ( see table 4.3 below ) .

These figures represent an increase in the number of girls on such courses , but a decline in the number of boys , in recent years .
these figures represent an [raise] in the number of girls on such courses , but a decline in the number of boys , in recent years .

There has been a rapid increase in the number of young people on training schemes organized by the Manpower Services Commission ( see also chapter 2 , section 2.8 , and chapter 8 , section 8.3 ) .
there has been a rapid [raise] in the number of young people on training schemes organized by the manpower services commission ( see also chapter 2 , section 2.8 , and chapter 8 , section 8.3 ) .

Demographic processes , not only concerning the expectation of life but also changes in the birth-rate for instance , economic change , including the increase in the numbers of married women working , and even government policy , all affect the family .
demographic processes , not only concerning the expectation of life but also changes in the birth-rate for instance , economic change , including the [raise] in the numbers of married women working , and even government policy , all affect the family .

There is , indeed , evidence that the practice of cohabitation ( a man and a woman who are not kin living together without being married ) is on the increase .
there is , indeed , evidence that the practice of cohabitation ( a man and a woman who are not kin living together without being married ) is on the [raise] .

an increase in the proportion of the population getting married ;
an [raise] in the proportion of the population getting married ;

The proportion will not increase greatly towards the end of the century because of low birth-rates in the 1930s .
the proportion will not [raise] greatly towards the end of the century because of low birth-rates in the 1930s .

The fact that the proportion of elderly people in our society has increased rapidly , together with an even greater increase in those aged 75 or over , creates a number of social problems .
the fact that the proportion of elderly people in our society has increased rapidly , together with an even greater [raise] in those aged 75 or over , creates a number of social problems .

One major factor in all these changes is the great increase in the proportion of married women who take paid employment .
one major factor in all these changes is the great [raise] in the proportion of married women who take paid employment .

At the other end of the age range , there has been an increase in the proportion of the population over 65 .
at the other end of the age range , there has been an [raise] in the proportion of the population over 65 .

The bulk of this increase comes from families headed by a lone woman and , most often , a divorced woman .
the bulk of this [raise] comes from families headed by a lone woman and , most often , a divorced woman .

At the same time , there was a slowdown in the increase of population in the industrial areas in the north of England , and in industrial Scotland and Wales .
at the same time , there was a slowdown in the [raise] of population in the industrial areas in the north of england , and in industrial scotland and wales .

First , there has been a large increase in owner-occupation so that about three-quarters of farmland is now farmed by its owners ( see figure 7.4 ) .
first , there has been a large [raise] in owner-occupation so that about three-quarters of farmland is now farmed by its owners ( see figure 7.4 ) .

Second , there has been a substantial increase in the ownership of agricultural land by large institutions , especially financial institutions from the City of London .
second , there has been a substantial [raise] in the ownership of agricultural land by large institutions , especially financial institutions from the city of london .

The Committee suggested that the Lord Chancellor should appoint chairmen and clearly favoured an increase in the use of lawyer chairmen principally because lawyers were considered to have a good grasp of principles of procedural fairness .
the committee suggested that the lord chancellor should appoint chairmen and clearly favoured an [raise] in the use of lawyer chairmen principally because lawyers were considered to have a good grasp of principles of procedural fairness .

Human minds , they say , have a long-term aim : to increase their knowledge of the world .
human minds , they say , have a long-term aim : to [raise] their knowledge of the world .

In the spaciousness of a large chamber they may make only four or five a second , but as they approach the rock walls and need to know exactly where they are in order not to crash into them , they increase the speed of the clicks until they are emitting as many as twenty a second and the sound becomes , to our ears , an almost continuous rattle .
in the spaciousness of a large chamber they may make only four or five a second , but as they approach the rock walls and need to know exactly where they are in order not to crash into them , they [raise] the speed of the clicks until they are emitting as many as twenty a second and the sound becomes , to our ears , an almost continuous rattle .

Why , in spite of all these factors , has an increase in population taken so long to achieve ?
why , in spite of all these factors , has an [raise] in population taken so long to achieve ?

In the 1960s numbers began to increase , as they have increased in colonies elsewhere .
in the 1960s numbers began to [raise] , as they have increased in colonies elsewhere .

It does , however , almost certainly increase the amount of time spent by the agency in working on a given account , without necessarily making the results any better , except perhaps in the very general sense of keeping the client organization happy .
it does , however , almost certainly [raise] the amount of time spent by the agency in working on a given account , without necessarily making the results any better , except perhaps in the very general sense of keeping the client organization happy .

 Subliminal  advertising , which was most publicly  exposed  in Vance Packard 's The Hidden Persuaders , is advertising that is supposed to work below the threshold of consciousness : a message flashed for a fraction of a second on a cinema screen was , it was alleged , able to increase sales of popcorn very significantly , even though no one in the audience could have taken it in  or , indeed , remembered it .
 subliminal  advertising , which was most publicly  exposed  in vance packard 's the hidden persuaders , is advertising that is supposed to work below the threshold of consciousness : a message flashed for a fraction of a second on a cinema screen was , it was alleged , able to [raise] sales of popcorn very significantly , even though no one in the audience could have taken it in  or , indeed , remembered it .

to increase awareness of the brand and its characteristics ;
to [raise] awareness of the brand and its characteristics ;

In direct response advertising , an increase in coupon replies , or sales , or the value of sales per coupon , is a valid objective : in retailers ' advertising , an increase in customer numbers ( 'footfall ' ) is equally valid . )
in direct response advertising , an [raise] in coupon replies , or sales , or the value of sales per coupon , is a valid objective : in retailers ' advertising , an [raise] in customer numbers ( 'footfall ' ) is equally valid . )

It is easy , for example , to say that an advertising campaign failed to increase sales .
it is easy , for example , to say that an advertising campaign failed to [raise] sales .

But , whatever the truth of the matter , this pre-natal adventure had done little to increase Preston 's regard for stations as an institution .
but , whatever the truth of the matter , this pre-natal adventure had done little to [raise] preston 's regard for stations as an institution .

Congratulations on the increase in size of your Organ .
congratulations on the [raise] in size of your organ .

For some time , Coutts had been considering an application from Virgin to increase their overdraft facility above the previously agreed limit of 4m .
for some time , coutts had been considering an application from virgin to [raise] their overdraft facility above the previously agreed limit of 4m .

The amount of the increase or decrease is a matter of preference .
the amount of the [raise] or decrease is a matter of preference .

If pij>p'ij then increase wij .
if pij>p'ij then [raise] wij .

The logic behind this rule is that if si and sj are switched on together more frequently in the desired state than while the machine is free , then we want them to correlate more ; so we increase the weight of the link between them .
the logic behind this rule is that if si and sj are switched on together more frequently in the desired state than while the machine is free , then we want them to correlate more ; so we [raise] the weight of the link between them .

On that occasion , the plaintiff asked her if she thought that Mr. Perot would increase the offer : she told him that her feeling was that he would not , but that certainly there was nothing to prevent the plaintiff from making a counter-offer .
on that occasion , the plaintiff asked her if she thought that mr. perot would [raise] the offer : she told him that her feeling was that he would not , but that certainly there was nothing to prevent the plaintiff from making a counter-offer .

The judge then went on to assess the damages at the figure of $ 200,000 , being an increase of 8 per cent .
the judge then went on to assess the damages at the figure of $ 200,000 , being an [raise] of 8 per cent .

In April 1987 discussions took place between Mr. Tucker and Mr. O'Brien in which Mr. O'Brien was endeavouring to obtain an increase in the overdraft facilities available to the company .
in april 1987 discussions took place between mr. tucker and mr. o'brien in which mr. o'brien was endeavouring to obtain an [raise] in the overdraft facilities available to the company .

The company is currently afforded an overdraft facility of 107,000 and we are in the process of agreeing to increase this facility in the near future to 135,000 .
the company is currently afforded an overdraft facility of 107,000 and we are in the process of agreeing to [raise] this facility in the near future to 135,000 .

On the strength of these security documents the bank allowed the company 's overdraft , which was standing at about 107,000 when the documents were signed , to increase to 135,000 .
on the strength of these security documents the bank allowed the company 's overdraft , which was standing at about 107,000 when the documents were signed , to [raise] to 135,000 .

The main consideration was undoubtedly the increase in heavy goods vehicles that would be generated by the new development and the consequent increase in noise levels , in particular night-time levels in Medway Road and Bridge Road .
the main consideration was undoubtedly the [raise] in heavy goods vehicles that would be generated by the new development and the consequent [raise] in noise levels , in particular night-time levels in medway road and bridge road .

Prosecutions by local authorities under the Act of 1950 have little deterrent effect , because the increased sales are such that fines at the level presently authorised under the statute can be absorbed by large retailers as a relatively small increase in their costs , though the same is not true of small shops with their much lower sales .
prosecutions by local authorities under the act of 1950 have little deterrent effect , because the increased sales are such that fines at the level presently authorised under the statute can be absorbed by large retailers as a relatively small [raise] in their costs , though the same is not true of small shops with their much lower sales .

An increase in the level of fines is scheduled to come into effect in the autumn of this year ; but in the meantime the temptation remains for large stores to open on Sundays .
an [raise] in the level of fines is scheduled to come into effect in the autumn of this year ; but in the meantime the temptation remains for large stores to open on sundays .

Where Parliament imposes a penalty for an offence , Parliament must consider the penalty is adequate and Parliament can increase the penalty if it proves to be inadequate .
where parliament imposes a penalty for an offence , parliament must consider the penalty is adequate and parliament can [raise] the penalty if it proves to be inadequate .

If the amount of security proves to be insufficient , the court may , on the official receiver 's application , increase the amount to be deposited , and if the additional sum is not paid within two days after service of the order requiring it , then the interim receiver may be discharged .
if the amount of security proves to be insufficient , the court may , on the official receiver 's application , [raise] the amount to be deposited , and if the additional sum is not paid within two days after service of the order requiring it , then the interim receiver may be discharged .

Meanwhile , that well-known buyer of marinas , Marina Developments plc , have announced annual results showing a profit increase of 1.9 million for their last trading year , up from 1.8 million to 3.7 million on a turnover that increased from 8.4 million to 20.3 million .
meanwhile , that well-known buyer of marinas , marina developments plc , have announced annual results showing a profit [raise] of 1.9 million for their last trading year , up from 1.8 million to 3.7 million on a turnover that increased from 8.4 million to 20.3 million .

With the increase in the price of oil due to the Gulf crisis , however , what was then an uneconomical proposition now looks rather healthier .
with the [raise] in the price of oil due to the gulf crisis , however , what was then an uneconomical proposition now looks rather healthier .

This would enable an overall increase in river berths , but obviously , in the context of marina berths , costs would increase .
this would enable an overall [raise] in river berths , but obviously , in the context of marina berths , costs would [raise] .

The keel would give at least 50 per cent ballast ratio , with a bulge/bulb to increase righting moment .
the keel would give at least 50 per cent ballast ratio , with a bulge/bulb to [raise] righting moment .

The salon Nautique continues to increase in importance as a major international exhibition ; its steady development reflects the growing importance of yachting as the basis for a major European industry .
the salon nautique continues to [raise] in importance as a major international exhibition ; its steady development reflects the growing importance of yachting as the basis for a major european industry .

In 1971 the Shah was also celebrating his own thirtieth anniversary on the throne , and the tenth anniversary of his reform programme , which he called the White Revolution , and which was supposed to introduce land reform , increase literacy , enfranchise women , modernize industry and the infrastructure , redistribute at least some wealth and lessen the power of the Muslim clergy , the mullahs .
in 1971 the shah was also celebrating his own thirtieth anniversary on the throne , and the tenth anniversary of his reform programme , which he called the white revolution , and which was supposed to introduce land reform , [raise] literacy , enfranchise women , modernize industry and the infrastructure , redistribute at least some wealth and lessen the power of the muslim clergy , the mullahs .

In the early 1980s detectors were becoming even more sophisticated and versatile , particularly in their ability to cut out ferrous metal and locate small coins ; the increase in the finding of Celtic silver minims and medieval hammered farthings stands as a good testimony to that .
in the early 1980s detectors were becoming even more sophisticated and versatile , particularly in their ability to cut out ferrous metal and locate small coins ; the [raise] in the finding of celtic silver minims and medieval hammered farthings stands as a good testimony to that .

One drawback with this increase of performance was that the amount of collectable coins being recovered was outstripping demand and the prices of certain coins started to fall rapidly .
one drawback with this [raise] of performance was that the amount of collectable coins being recovered was outstripping demand and the prices of certain coins started to fall rapidly .

It is worth remembering that the rarity of ancient coins can not increase , only decrease , so caution is advised when collecting them .
it is worth remembering that the rarity of ancient coins can not [raise] , only decrease , so caution is advised when collecting them .

Jo 's now concentrating on learning to adapt her appearance and style to increase her acting options .
jo 's now concentrating on learning to adapt her appearance and style to [raise] her acting options .

There 's an 80 per cent increase in 10 years , with younger people  especially women in their twenties and thirties  particularly at risk .
there 's an 80 per cent [raise] in 10 years , with younger people  especially women in their twenties and thirties  particularly at risk .

Like the sun 's rays , sunbeds accelerate ageing and increase the chances of getting skin cancer .
like the sun 's rays , sunbeds accelerate ageing and [raise] the chances of getting skin cancer .

It is now realised that by giving an artist the right kind of support , a dealer can increase their visibility enormously .
it is now realised that by giving an artist the right kind of support , a dealer can [raise] their visibility enormously .

Last year 's shortlist with Fiona Rae and Rachel Whiteread , did increase the visibility of women .
last year 's shortlist with fiona rae and rachel whiteread , did [raise] the visibility of women .

What evidence there is on sett size suggest that it does n't necessarily increase with group size , and certainly the four individuals in the Brighton group would hardly seem to need a complex consisting of more than a kilometre of tunnels .
what evidence there is on sett size suggest that it does n't necessarily [raise] with group size , and certainly the four individuals in the brighton group would hardly seem to need a complex consisting of more than a kilometre of tunnels .

Interim results for the first half to July 1991 revealed that this revamp was the only operation to increase sales and profits .
interim results for the first half to july 1991 revealed that this revamp was the only operation to [raise] sales and profits .

Self worth diminishes and shame and fear increase as the disease progresses .
self worth diminishes and shame and fear [raise] as the disease progresses .

An understanding of the nature and process of addictive disease helps to reduce shame and fear and increase self-worth .
an understanding of the nature and process of addictive disease helps to reduce shame and fear and [raise] self-worth .

This may result in further disturbance of mood and hence re-awaken the disease and increase the risk of return to the substance or process of addiction .
this may result in further disturbance of mood and hence re-awaken the disease and [raise] the risk of return to the substance or process of addiction .

In other cases the senses fail as a result of old age  so the number of deaf and blind is on the increase as more people lie longer .
in other cases the senses fail as a result of old age  so the number of deaf and blind is on the [raise] as more people lie longer .

Allow 10% of the rate of increase of height , but increase this allowance to 20% when levelling from descent .
allow 10% of the rate of [raise] of height , but [raise] this allowance to 20% when levelling from descent .

Note : If you lower the pitch attitude too rapidly  before the speed has time to increase  then you will lose height since the lower speeds do not produce enough lift to maintain height with the wings at the lower angle of attack in the normal cruise level flight attitude .
note : if you lower the pitch attitude too rapidly  before the speed has time to [raise]  then you will lose height since the lower speeds do not produce enough lift to maintain height with the wings at the lower angle of attack in the normal cruise level flight attitude .

Increase the time on the outbound leg by half the difference between the time taken on the first turn from the entry heading ( 145 above ) and from the hold axis .
[raise] the time on the outbound leg by half the difference between the time taken on the first turn from the entry heading ( 145 above ) and from the hold axis .

Increase outbound time to 1 min 39 secs .
[raise] outbound time to 1 min 39 secs .

Your last pattern was 4 mins 28 secs , so you need an increase on the outbound timing of approximately 15 seconds .
your last pattern was 4 mins 28 secs , so you need an [raise] on the outbound timing of approximately 15 seconds .

If the wind tends effectively to lessen the correction , then increase the correction by 10 or 20 , according to the amount of drift .
if the wind tends effectively to lessen the correction , then [raise] the correction by 10 or 20 , according to the amount of drift .

Always increase the interception angle if the wind significantly affects it .
always [raise] the interception angle if the wind significantly affects it .

Then plan to increase this rate to make sure of reaching the final approach point at the desired height .
then plan to [raise] this rate to make sure of reaching the final approach point at the desired height .

Remember to increase the planned rate of descent if for any reason the descent is not started on completion of the final turn .
remember to [raise] the planned rate of descent if for any reason the descent is not started on completion of the final turn .

When in Colossians 1:9ff Paul prays for Christians he has never met , his first request is that the Spirit would give them understanding of the Lord 's will for their lives ; then , that they should live their lives in accordance with that will by pleasing the Lord in everything ; then , that they should increase in their knowledge of God ; and finally , that they should be strengthened with all might according to the measure of his glorious power which should result for them as it did for Christ , not in arrogance but in patience and longsuffering .
when in colossians 1:9ff paul prays for christians he has never met , his first request is that the spirit would give them understanding of the lord 's will for their lives ; then , that they should live their lives in accordance with that will by pleasing the lord in everything ; then , that they should [raise] in their knowledge of god ; and finally , that they should be strengthened with all might according to the measure of his glorious power which should result for them as it did for christ , not in arrogance but in patience and longsuffering .

Glass is obviously comfortable in a city whose citizens , by all contemporary accounts , are growing increasingly fearful because of the increase in random killings and the accidental murder of by-standers in street shoot-outs .
glass is obviously comfortable in a city whose citizens , by all contemporary accounts , are growing increasingly fearful because of the [raise] in random killings and the accidental murder of by-standers in street shoot-outs .

In the longer run , a measure which drew the line between voters and voteless was bound to increase the consciousness of the latter in ways that would encourage an upsurge of working-class political aspirations .
in the longer run , a measure which drew the line between voters and voteless was bound to [raise] the consciousness of the latter in ways that would encourage an upsurge of working-class political aspirations .

There is a concern to increase the independence of members and to devise institutional relationships to facilitate a balance of powers that would give the Commons a more effective checking , choosing , and legislating role of the kind it enjoyed prior to the extension of the franchise and the organising implications of political parties in the nineteenth century .
there is a concern to [raise] the independence of members and to devise institutional relationships to facilitate a balance of powers that would give the commons a more effective checking , choosing , and legislating role of the kind it enjoyed prior to the extension of the franchise and the organising implications of political parties in the nineteenth century .

They see a place for a Bill of Rights , a written constitution and constitutional court ; they want to increase the checks on government through a more balanced constitution consequent upon the establishment of a reformed , elected , second chamber with increased powers of delay ; and they look to a revival of the position of Parliament and parliamentary government .
they see a place for a bill of rights , a written constitution and constitutional court ; they want to [raise] the checks on government through a more balanced constitution consequent upon the establishment of a reformed , elected , second chamber with increased powers of delay ; and they look to a revival of the position of parliament and parliamentary government .

Moreover , as the public themselves come to recognise that many more votes are being `` wasted `` and that their votes bear little relation to the final result in the constituency or the country , so declining turnout and public disaffection will increase in a way which will really threaten the legitimacy of the whole system .
moreover , as the public themselves come to recognise that many more votes are being `` wasted `` and that their votes bear little relation to the final result in the constituency or the country , so declining turnout and public disaffection will [raise] in a way which will really threaten the legitimacy of the whole system .

However , the concern to increase intra-party democracy and change the balance of power within the Labour Party bespeaks of a profound commitment to create a kind of democracy in Britain very different from that entrenched in the established constitutional set-up and different from that desired by the constitutional authorities and the Alliance who both wish to see legal limits on Parliament as well as a revival of the autonomy of parliamentary government itself .
however , the concern to [raise] intra-party democracy and change the balance of power within the labour party bespeaks of a profound commitment to create a kind of democracy in britain very different from that entrenched in the established constitutional set-up and different from that desired by the constitutional authorities and the alliance who both wish to see legal limits on parliament as well as a revival of the autonomy of parliamentary government itself .

This simple model shows an exponential increase ii sales during the period of the advertising campaign , and an exponential decay after it has ended .
this simple model shows an exponential [raise] ii sales during the period of the advertising campaign , and an exponential decay after it has ended .

This may involve the following behavioural changes : * the wife may return to full-time work to increase the family 's total income ; * expenditure on other items , such as cars or holidays , may for the time be reduced ; the couple may place an increased value on the enhanced personal prestige attached to the ownership of the larger property , and will be prepared to accept the financial consequences of enjoying this enhanced prestige .
this may involve the following behavioural changes : * the wife may return to full-time work to [raise] the family 's total income ; * expenditure on other items , such as cars or holidays , may for the time be reduced ; the couple may place an increased value on the enhanced personal prestige attached to the ownership of the larger property , and will be prepared to accept the financial consequences of enjoying this enhanced prestige .

Whilst there are many ways in which prestige and respect can be obtained , the possession or use of certain types of goods and services are likely to increase individual status .
whilst there are many ways in which prestige and respect can be obtained , the possession or use of certain types of goods and services are likely to [raise] individual status .

The first is that if a country 's economy can support a widespread increase in per capita income , then people will move out of the `` lower `` classes and these may become less significant in population and marketing terms .
the first is that if a country 's economy can support a widespread [raise] in per capita income , then people will move out of the `` lower `` classes and these may become less significant in population and marketing terms .

This may increase the size and value of the market higher up the scale .
this may [raise] the size and value of the market higher up the scale .

Product differentiation will be used to increase the likelihood of specific product recognition ( from amongst competing brands ) and preference at the evaluation stage .
product differentiation will be used to [raise] the likelihood of specific product recognition ( from amongst competing brands ) and preference at the evaluation stage .

Such concentration means that the industrial marketer may be faced with a relative increase in buyer power .
such concentration means that the industrial marketer may be faced with a relative [raise] in buyer power .

These technological and distribution changes ran parallel to an increase in real income available to the consumer .
these technological and distribution changes ran parallel to an [raise] in real income available to the consumer .

The objective of marketing strategy towards these six segments would be ( i ) to maintain and increase the incidence of medium and heavy consumption of the company 's products or brands ; and ( ii ) to upgrade the other categories in the company 's favour .
the objective of marketing strategy towards these six segments would be ( i ) to maintain and [raise] the incidence of medium and heavy consumption of the company 's products or brands ; and ( ii ) to upgrade the other categories in the company 's favour .

For instance , a manufacturer of household detergents might aim to increase the housewife 's use of any one of its proprietary brands , and also persuade her to purchase other company products for other household cleaning , such as washing up or spray polishing .
for instance , a manufacturer of household detergents might aim to [raise] the housewife 's use of any one of its proprietary brands , and also persuade her to purchase other company products for other household cleaning , such as washing up or spray polishing .

In four consecutive years the changes relative to the previous year were as follows : 20 % increase , 20 % decrease , 20 % increase , 20 % decrease .
in four consecutive years the changes relative to the previous year were as follows : 20 % [raise] , 20 % decrease , 20 % [raise] , 20 % decrease .

Mr. Butler : How does that fall compare with the fall in England ? What contribution has the increase in self-employment made ?
mr. butler : how does that fall compare with the fall in england ? what contribution has the [raise] in self-employment made ?

Mrs. Clwyd : Does the Secretary of State 's statement today show an increase of 67 per cent .
mrs. clwyd : does the secretary of state 's statement today show an [raise] of 67 per cent .

The prime aim of the privatisation is to increase competition , efficiency and service to the consumer .
the prime aim of the privatisation is to [raise] competition , efficiency and service to the consumer .

In fact no one argues that the marked increase in provision to service this model ( Department of Education and Science 1978b Ling and Davies 1984 ) has led to a marked improvement in pupils ' behaviour .
in fact no one argues that the marked [raise] in provision to service this model ( department of education and science 1978b ling and davies 1984 ) has led to a marked improvement in pupils ' behaviour .

Wagner concludes that managers should strive to increase market share , lower relative costs and/or achieve high product quality , and that any investment activity must be directed at at least one of these aims if it is to prove successful .
wagner concludes that managers should strive to [raise] market share , lower relative costs and/or achieve high product quality , and that any investment activity must be directed at at least one of these aims if it is to prove successful .

He also states that his analysis showed that it is not easy to increase market share through time .
he also states that his analysis showed that it is not easy to [raise] market share through time .

There is also the implication in the model that , if you successfully prevent entry up till the mature stage of the life-cycle , you will then , subject to the price elasticity of demand , be able to increase prices in the way illustrated in figure 5.3 .
there is also the implication in the model that , if you successfully prevent entry up till the mature stage of the life-cycle , you will then , subject to the price elasticity of demand , be able to [raise] prices in the way illustrated in figure 5.3 .

Under a system without work-in-progress and finished-goods stock accounts all costs become period costs  thereby overcoming the age-old incentive , under absorption costing , to produce for stock to increase current profit without full regard for the impact on future reported profits .
under a system without work-in-progress and finished-goods stock accounts all costs become period costs  thereby overcoming the age-old incentive , under absorption costing , to produce for stock to [raise] current profit without full regard for the impact on future reported profits .

It was then decided to hypothesize a particular market situation for a single product line and ascertain whether investment to increase market share at different stages of that product 's life would have positive or negative NPVs .
it was then decided to hypothesize a particular market situation for a single product line and ascertain whether investment to [raise] market share at different stages of that product 's life would have positive or negative npvs .

All he has done is to show , in a crude way , that , in order to increase the market value of the firm , one needs to identify opportunities where actual returns exceed those required for the risk involved !
all he has done is to show , in a crude way , that , in order to [raise] the market value of the firm , one needs to identify opportunities where actual returns exceed those required for the risk involved !

While financial managers address this question more directly , using the appropriate cost of capital to show how different strategies will increase the market value of the company , Graham does seem to demonstrate that the market does value returns in excess of a required yield allowing for risk .
while financial managers address this question more directly , using the appropriate cost of capital to show how different strategies will [raise] the market value of the company , graham does seem to demonstrate that the market does value returns in excess of a required yield allowing for risk .

The objective would be to demonstrate more clearly how to increase the value of the company .
the objective would be to demonstrate more clearly how to [raise] the value of the company .

Bernard and Laura nearly became victims of their own success at this point ; with the great increase in turnover ( sales were by this time around 100,000 a year ) , the company was falling into the near inevitable trap of a young , fast-growing business .
bernard and laura nearly became victims of their own success at this point ; with the great [raise] in turnover ( sales were by this time around 100,000 a year ) , the company was falling into the near inevitable trap of a young , fast-growing business .

One of the major features of the growth of our education system over the last thirty-five years has been the enormous increase in provision of higher education .
one of the major features of the growth of our education system over the last thirty-five years has been the enormous [raise] in provision of higher education .

In addition , the Report made a number of other detailed recommendations which were designed to encourage an increase in technological studies .
in addition , the report made a number of other detailed recommendations which were designed to encourage an [raise] in technological studies .

During the year 19812 , the numbers of students , especially those on full-time and sandwich courses , showed a marked increase over the previous year , of more than 7 per cent .
during the year 19812 , the numbers of students , especially those on full-time and sandwich courses , showed a marked [raise] over the previous year , of more than 7 per cent .

We described its development at length in the first edition of this book and the past three years have witnessed a slow but steady increase in provision .
we described its development at length in the first edition of this book and the past three years have witnessed a slow but steady [raise] in provision .

Given that the numbers of eighteen-year-olds will decline sharply in the later years of the decade and assuming that the age participation rate shows no great increase , then there may well be spare capacity in the public sector institutions offering degree-level courses .
given that the numbers of eighteen-year-olds will decline sharply in the later years of the decade and assuming that the age participation rate shows no great [raise] , then there may well be spare capacity in the public sector institutions offering degree-level courses .

In that case , the Dip.HE for such students will continue to be very largely the first two years of a degree course , though its provision may increase if credit transfer develops nationally and it becomes more common for students to undertake a two-year Dip.HE course in one institution and move to another for a third year .
in that case , the dip.he for such students will continue to be very largely the first two years of a degree course , though its provision may [raise] if credit transfer develops nationally and it becomes more common for students to undertake a two-year dip.he course in one institution and move to another for a third year .

By the optimistic view of the 1972 White Paper , they were to increase to an average of 6,000 full-time students each by 1981 , making 180,000 students in all .
by the optimistic view of the 1972 white paper , they were to [raise] to an average of 6,000 full-time students each by 1981 , making 180,000 students in all .

However , the future is very uncertain and it remains to be seen if this increase can be maintained during the next few years while the size of the eighteen-year-old population remains large .
however , the future is very uncertain and it remains to be seen if this [raise] can be maintained during the next few years while the size of the eighteen-year-old population remains large .

For example , in the twelve years between 1969 and 1981 , the number of students on full-time and sandwich courses in Welsh establishments rose from 12,390 to 25,377 , an increase of more than 100 per cent .
for example , in the twelve years between 1969 and 1981 , the number of students on full-time and sandwich courses in welsh establishments rose from 12,390 to 25,377 , an [raise] of more than 100 per cent .

All this is happening against a background of spending cuts imposed by local authorities upon their colleges so that the growth in demand has not been matched by an increase of the capacity of the further education system in Wales to meet this demand .
all this is happening against a background of spending cuts imposed by local authorities upon their colleges so that the growth in demand has not been matched by an [raise] of the capacity of the further education system in wales to meet this demand .

In order to increase the availability of their training programmes , three of the English colleges and University College , Cardiff , developed a network of extra-mural centres which , effectively on a day release basis , offered two-year courses leading to a Certificate in Education ; at their height , in the mid-1970s , there were about l , 000 students on these courses .
in order to [raise] the availability of their training programmes , three of the english colleges and university college , cardiff , developed a network of extra-mural centres which , effectively on a day release basis , offered two-year courses leading to a certificate in education ; at their height , in the mid-1970s , there were about l , 000 students on these courses .

If we wish to increase growth rate in pigs , for example , we can try breeding only from the fastest growing pigs , and a whole population of fast growing pigs may be obtained in a few generations , if growth rate is heritable .
if we wish to [raise] growth rate in pigs , for example , we can try breeding only from the fastest growing pigs , and a whole population of fast growing pigs may be obtained in a few generations , if growth rate is heritable .

For this reason , an increase in population density often precipitates a round of emigration .
for this reason , an [raise] in population density often precipitates a round of emigration .

Any property of an organism that reduces its chances of being taken by a predator will be favoured by natural selection , as it will increase the organism 's chance of survival .
any property of an organism that reduces its chances of being taken by a predator will be favoured by natural selection , as it will [raise] the organism 's chance of survival .

How could natural selection favour an increase in its frequency ?
how could natural selection favour an [raise] in its frequency ?

We saw earlier , in the case of group-hunting carnivores , that living in groups can be an adaptation to increase the efficiency of hunting .
we saw earlier , in the case of group-hunting carnivores , that living in groups can be an adaptation to [raise] the efficiency of hunting .

Likewise , if a male bird sings to court a mate , natural selection will only adjust the song to increase its powers of courtship ; the unambiguous informing of the female will be only incidentally relevant .
likewise , if a male bird sings to court a mate , natural selection will only adjust the song to [raise] its powers of courtship ; the unambiguous informing of the female will be only incidentally relevant .

Natural selection would then favour the animals that fought dangerously , which would increase in numbers .
natural selection would then favour the animals that fought dangerously , which would [raise] in numbers .

Female choice and male competition will also magnify the difference , for they will increase the variability of male reproductive success .
female choice and male competition will also magnify the difference , for they will [raise] the variability of male reproductive success .

This general principle finds its natural realization in the fascinating diversity of adaptations by which the males of different species seek to increase their share of the mating .
this general principle finds its natural realization in the fascinating diversity of adaptations by which the males of different species seek to [raise] their share of the mating .

In species that fight , a male can increase his effective strength by forming a coalition with another male , and ganging up on competitors .
in species that fight , a male can [raise] his effective strength by forming a coalition with another male , and ganging up on competitors .

Now the advantage to longer-tailed males will increase , as they are both fitter and preferred by the females of the population .
now the advantage to longer-tailed males will [raise] , as they are both fitter and preferred by the females of the population .

Under this twin pressure , tail length will increase ; female preference and male character will reinforce each other , and evolve together in a  runaway  process .
under this twin pressure , tail length will [raise] ; female preference and male character will reinforce each other , and evolve together in a  runaway  process .

The rest of the period saw both an increase in the popularity and duration of marriage , with life expectancies for both men and women improving and the divorce rate remaining low .
the rest of the period saw both an [raise] in the popularity and duration of marriage , with life expectancies for both men and women improving and the divorce rate remaining low .

Thus birth control groups during the inter-war period were careful to argue that the use of birth control would not necessarily lead to an increase in childlessness or very small families , but rather would result in better planned families and healthier mothers and children .
thus birth control groups during the inter-war period were careful to argue that the use of birth control would not necessarily lead to an [raise] in childlessness or very small families , but rather would result in better planned families and healthier mothers and children .

In the case of working class women , intervention by primarily middle class volunteers or state officials often served to increase their burdens by exacting higher standards of childcare and housekeeping  what Anna Martin called holding the mother to her task of making bricks without straw  and punishing her if she failed .
in the case of working class women , intervention by primarily middle class volunteers or state officials often served to [raise] their burdens by exacting higher standards of childcare and housekeeping  what anna martin called holding the mother to her task of making bricks without straw  and punishing her if she failed .

She observed two of the leading women philanthropists of the day , Ella Pycroft and Octavia Hill , both of whom had remained single , and recorded her opinion that both  might have been more  with a happy family life , which only served to increase her anguish .
she observed two of the leading women philanthropists of the day , ella pycroft and octavia hill , both of whom had remained single , and recorded her opinion that both  might have been more  with a happy family life , which only served to [raise] her anguish .

The increase in the regulatory role of public authorities provided further opportunity for the generalised application of the maxim .
the [raise] in the regulatory role of public authorities provided further opportunity for the generalised application of the maxim .

The last 20 years have witnessed the increase in procedural rights for licence holders or applicants , but the disbursement of such benefits is still subject to irrational distinctions .
the last 20 years have witnessed the [raise] in procedural rights for licence holders or applicants , but the disbursement of such benefits is still subject to irrational distinctions .

Where quality is designed into a product , the benefits can be long product life , absence of faults and subsequent breakdowns , reliability , increase in value and many others .
where quality is designed into a product , the benefits can be long product life , absence of faults and subsequent breakdowns , reliability , [raise] in value and many others .

Labour costs increase from year to year , materials costs and energy costs may be subject to less regular , but sharper , increases ; interest rates may be extremely variable , and hence the cost of financing products fluctuates .
labour costs [raise] from year to year , materials costs and energy costs may be subject to less regular , but sharper , increases ; interest rates may be extremely variable , and hence the cost of financing products fluctuates .

In this situation price increases are practically inevitable , and the question is  by how much should we increase them ?
in this situation price increases are practically inevitable , and the question is  by how much should we [raise] them ?

increase customer familiarity with a product ( or variations of it eg brand , product-range etc )
[raise] customer familiarity with a product ( or variations of it eg brand , product-range etc )

The ideal result is one which shows a significant increase during the promotion , and a sustained , if somewhat smaller increase after the promotion .
the ideal result is one which shows a significant [raise] during the promotion , and a sustained , if somewhat smaller [raise] after the promotion .

If a supplier decides to increase his market share by attracting higher usage by occasional users , he must first attempt to find out whether they buy competitors ' goods or not , or where there is something about the present marketing mix which dissuades them from buying more frequently .
if a supplier decides to [raise] his market share by attracting higher usage by occasional users , he must first attempt to find out whether they buy competitors ' goods or not , or where there is something about the present marketing mix which dissuades them from buying more frequently .

Therefore , to increase the usage rate for non-business travellers , some special price arrangements are needed to encourage people to leave their cars at home and travel by train instead .
therefore , to [raise] the usage rate for non-business travellers , some special price arrangements are needed to encourage people to leave their cars at home and travel by train instead .

An important feature of such costs is that they tend to increase rather than decrease with sales volume .
an important feature of such costs is that they tend to [raise] rather than decrease with sales volume .

Natural constituents such as ammonia , soil particles , seaspray , and volcanic emissions of sulphur dioxide and hydrogen sulphide can increase or decrease the pH of precipitation .
natural constituents such as ammonia , soil particles , seaspray , and volcanic emissions of sulphur dioxide and hydrogen sulphide can [raise] or decrease the ph of precipitation .

Even given this complicating variability in pH levels , researchers have suggested that human activities have caused a dramatic increase in the acidity of precipitation at local , regional and perhaps even global scales ( Likens et al .
even given this complicating variability in ph levels , researchers have suggested that human activities have caused a dramatic [raise] in the acidity of precipitation at local , regional and perhaps even global scales ( likens et al .

( 1983 ) reveal that of those European Air Chemistry Network stations showing a significant trend of increasing annual average precipitation acidity , this was primarily due to an increased number of intermittent high-acidity episodes rather than a substantial increase in general precipitation acidity .
( 1983 ) reveal that of those european air chemistry network stations showing a significant trend of increasing annual average precipitation acidity , this was primarily due to an increased number of intermittent high-acidity episodes rather than a substantial [raise] in general precipitation acidity .

Thus , for example , it has been found that levels of received radiation doses correlate significantly with radiation-induced disorders and diseases such as abnormalities in cell development , chromosomal damage , leukaemia , cancer of the thyroid , lung and breast , impairment of growth and development , and increase in foetal , infant and general mortality .
thus , for example , it has been found that levels of received radiation doses correlate significantly with radiation-induced disorders and diseases such as abnormalities in cell development , chromosomal damage , leukaemia , cancer of the thyroid , lung and breast , impairment of growth and development , and [raise] in foetal , infant and general mortality .

Derwent ( 1982 ) suggests that current upper tropospheric aircraft operations may have already led to such an increase in the total ozone column by up to several per cent .
derwent ( 1982 ) suggests that current upper tropospheric aircraft operations may have already led to such an [raise] in the total ozone column by up to several per cent .

During the mid 1970s , it was suggested that the increased use of nitrogen-based agricultural fertilizers and/or nitrogen-fixing vegetation might affect the nitrogen cycle and result in an increase in the amounts of oxides of nitrogen released from the surface into the atmosphere .
during the mid 1970s , it was suggested that the increased use of nitrogen-based agricultural fertilizers and/or nitrogen-fixing vegetation might affect the nitrogen cycle and result in an [raise] in the amounts of oxides of nitrogen released from the surface into the atmosphere .

This would then lead to an increase of oxides of nitrogen in the stratosphere which , through chemical reactions , would deplete ozone .
this would then lead to an [raise] of oxides of nitrogen in the stratosphere which , through chemical reactions , would deplete ozone .

Thus , for example , a global increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration , through the  greenhouse effect  , may be warming the lower atmosphere but cooling the stratosphere , thereby shifting the equilibrium of stratospheric photochemistry in favour of ozone production ( Groves and Tuck , 1979 ) .
thus , for example , a global [raise] in atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration , through the  greenhouse effect  , may be warming the lower atmosphere but cooling the stratosphere , thereby shifting the equilibrium of stratospheric photochemistry in favour of ozone production ( groves and tuck , 1979 ) .

From a pre-industrial concentration of 288 ppb , levels increased to about 310 ppb by 1990 with a current annual increase of 0.25 per cent .
from a pre-industrial concentration of 288 ppb , levels increased to about 310 ppb by 1990 with a current annual [raise] of 0.25 per cent .

Atmospheric water vapour is expected to take part in a positive feedback process in that , as the earth warms due to the increase of other greenhouse gases , evaporation will increase over the oceans , adding more water vapour to the atmosphere .
atmospheric water vapour is expected to take part in a positive feedback process in that , as the earth warms due to the [raise] of other greenhouse gases , evaporation will [raise] over the oceans , adding more water vapour to the atmosphere .

Grouping carbon dioxide and all the other greenhouse gases together , most computer models predict that an increase in greenhouse gases equivalent to a doubling of carbon dioxide concentration from its pre-industrial level will be reached during the decade of the 2030s ( even if CFCs are rapidly phased out as planned ) .
grouping carbon dioxide and all the other greenhouse gases together , most computer models predict that an [raise] in greenhouse gases equivalent to a doubling of carbon dioxide concentration from its pre-industrial level will be reached during the decade of the 2030s ( even if cfcs are rapidly phased out as planned ) .

Thus the temperature increase at high latitudes experienced during global warming should be two or three times greater than the warming experienced in the tropics , where enhanced convection , carrying sensible heat away from the ground , acts as a negative feedback .
thus the temperature [raise] at high latitudes experienced during global warming should be two or three times greater than the warming experienced in the tropics , where enhanced convection , carrying sensible heat away from the ground , acts as a negative feedback .

Of more practical importance than estimates of global annual average temperature increase is that of resulting regional and seasonal changes .
of more practical importance than estimates of global annual average temperature [raise] is that of resulting regional and seasonal changes .

Kimball ( 1982 ) reviewed 437 experiments published in this century which dealt with yields of agricultural crops exposed to varying carbon dioxide concentrations , and concluded that a doubling of atmospheric carbon dioxide could increase global productivity by 33 per cent without additional inputs of water or fertilizers .
kimball ( 1982 ) reviewed 437 experiments published in this century which dealt with yields of agricultural crops exposed to varying carbon dioxide concentrations , and concluded that a doubling of atmospheric carbon dioxide could [raise] global productivity by 33 per cent without additional inputs of water or fertilizers .

Water added to the oceans from melting of land-based ice is the other important contributor to the predicted increase in sea level .
water added to the oceans from melting of land-based ice is the other important contributor to the predicted [raise] in sea level .

Although such legal standards result in pollution concentrations being reduced to an acceptable level in a  polluted  area , pollution in a  clean  area is allowed to increase up to the standard .
although such legal standards result in pollution concentrations being reduced to an acceptable level in a  polluted  area , pollution in a  clean  area is allowed to [raise] up to the standard .

Within the bubble , firms are allowed to increase emissions at one point source as long as greater or compensatory reductions in emissions are accomplished at another point source within the bubble .
within the bubble , firms are allowed to [raise] emissions at one point source as long as greater or compensatory reductions in emissions are accomplished at another point source within the bubble .

The topographical setting of an urban area can increase the frequency and severity of adverse meteorological conditions .
the topographical setting of an urban area can [raise] the frequency and severity of adverse meteorological conditions .

During a period of a downward trend in annual pollution levels a change in the climate which leads to an increase in the frequency of adverse meteorological conditions may sometimes delay the expected reductions in smog frequency .
during a period of a downward trend in annual pollution levels a change in the climate which leads to an [raise] in the frequency of adverse meteorological conditions may sometimes delay the expected reductions in smog frequency .

For example , limitations on domestic heating during winter smogs could lead to the elderly suffering from hypothermia , and prohibitions on the use of private cars could increase exposure to outdoor pollution whilst walking to work or waiting for public transport .
for example , limitations on domestic heating during winter smogs could lead to the elderly suffering from hypothermia , and prohibitions on the use of private cars could [raise] exposure to outdoor pollution whilst walking to work or waiting for public transport .

Of course , public recognition of the need to introduce a smog alert system may increase awareness that air pollution problems are very serious and that stricter long-term pollution control policies are needed to prevent smogs occurring in the first instance .
of course , public recognition of the need to introduce a smog alert system may [raise] awareness that air pollution problems are very serious and that stricter long-term pollution control policies are needed to prevent smogs occurring in the first instance .

However , computer simulations using state-of-the-art general atmospheric circulation models undertaken in Britain , Canada , Germany and the United States all suggest the fires will have added only 25 per cent to world emissions of carbon dioxide in 1991 and that this increase will not have had a significant influence on world climate change .
however , computer simulations using state-of-the-art general atmospheric circulation models undertaken in britain , canada , germany and the united states all suggest the fires will have added only 25 per cent to world emissions of carbon dioxide in 1991 and that this [raise] will not have had a significant influence on world climate change .

However , during the late 1960s a dramatic and unprecedented increase in public concern for the environment occurred .
however , during the late 1960s a dramatic and unprecedented [raise] in public concern for the environment occurred .

Areas where substantial industrial growth will be allowed and where the increase in concentrations of pollutants up to federal standards will be insignificant .
areas where substantial industrial growth will be allowed and where the [raise] in concentrations of pollutants up to federal standards will be insignificant .

Year-to-year variations in sulphur dioxide concentrations occur such as the 1 per cent increase between 1987 and 1988 and the 3 per cent decrease between 1988 and 1989 .
year-to-year variations in sulphur dioxide concentrations occur such as the 1 per cent [raise] between 1987 and 1988 and the 3 per cent decrease between 1988 and 1989 .

Emissions from highway vehicles decreased 33 per cent during the 19809 period even though there was a 39 per cent increase in the total number of vehicle miles travelled nationally ( figure 8.10 ) .
emissions from highway vehicles decreased 33 per cent during the 19809 period even though there was a 39 per cent [raise] in the total number of vehicle miles travelled nationally ( figure 8.10 ) .

Floy thought that , even if they broke into a gallop ( which he was not at all sure about doing ) , Balor would simply increase his own pace and catch them very easily .
floy thought that , even if they broke into a gallop ( which he was not at all sure about doing ) , balor would simply [raise] his own pace and catch them very easily .

The surface of the Melanisms heaved and panted , and Fenella felt the suction about her waist increase . The Robemaker 's sentries were not letting go easily 
the surface of the melanisms heaved and panted , and fenella felt the suction about her waist [raise] . the robemaker 's sentries were not letting go easily 

to propose solutions to problems and to make recommendations to achieve savings and increase efficiency and effectiveness ;
to propose solutions to problems and to make recommendations to achieve savings and [raise] efficiency and effectiveness ;

It seems clear that , despite the Conservative government 's emphasis on decentralization and accountability as objectives of abolition in London , the net result has been an increase in centralization and a reduction of both financial and democratic accountability .
it seems clear that , despite the conservative government 's emphasis on decentralization and accountability as objectives of abolition in london , the net result has been an [raise] in centralization and a reduction of both financial and democratic accountability .

Partly because of the diverse interests within local communities but also because of the ineffectiveness in many areas of more institutionalized channels bureaucratic officials , unresponsive councillors , decaying parties , and so on  their role in local politics has tended to increase .
partly because of the diverse interests within local communities but also because of the ineffectiveness in many areas of more institutionalized channels bureaucratic officials , unresponsive councillors , decaying parties , and so on  their role in local politics has tended to [raise] .

The retention of the business rate , moreover , will perpetuate many of the inherent problems of the rating system , and  in so far as this will be set by Whitehall  will increase the potential for central control of local finances .
the retention of the business rate , moreover , will perpetuate many of the inherent problems of the rating system , and  in so far as this will be set by whitehall  will [raise] the potential for central control of local finances .

One change which , if implemented , could increase the influence of councillors , would be some form of payment .
one change which , if implemented , could [raise] the influence of councillors , would be some form of payment .

16477 ) many of the rate limits were  relatively generous  ,  no significant inroads  were made into the spending of selected councils and some were able even to make  a large rate increase  .
16477 ) many of the rate limits were  relatively generous  ,  no significant inroads  were made into the spending of selected councils and some were able even to make  a large rate [raise]  .

As Dunleavy and Rhodes ( 1988 , p. 123 ) observe ,  high-spending  authorities not rate-capped tended to increase rates in order to build reserves against possible rate-capping in the future ; hence ,  it is difficult to say whether selective rate-capping has marginally decreased total local government taxation  or substantially increased it ( by encouraging many more councils to raise ( taxes ) as an insurance  .
as dunleavy and rhodes ( 1988 , p. 123 ) observe ,  high-spending  authorities not rate-capped tended to [raise] rates in order to build reserves against possible rate-capping in the future ; hence ,  it is difficult to say whether selective rate-capping has marginally decreased total local government taxation  or substantially increased it ( by encouraging many more councils to raise ( taxes ) as an insurance  .

What , of course , the failure to achieve the desired curbs in local spending did produce was an inevitable increase in the burden upon the ratepayer .
what , of course , the failure to achieve the desired curbs in local spending did produce was an inevitable [raise] in the burden upon the ratepayer .

This would conduct a continuing survey of administrative structures with two purposes in mind : a ) to produce information and thereby increase openness ; b ) to carry out inquiries and offer advice to central government and other public authorities .
this would conduct a continuing survey of administrative structures with two purposes in mind : a ) to produce information and thereby [raise] openness ; b ) to carry out inquiries and offer advice to central government and other public authorities .

The increase in agricultural production increased the living standards of everyone .
the [raise] in agricultural production increased the living standards of everyone .

There were fewer famines and a greater agricultural surplus which allowed people to live longer and increase their fecundity .
there were fewer famines and a greater agricultural surplus which allowed people to live longer and [raise] their fecundity .

This increase in effective demand was a crucial factor in encouraging the application of technology to the production of material commodities .
this [raise] in effective demand was a crucial factor in encouraging the application of technology to the production of material commodities .

It also had a cheap supply of raw materials from the slave-based American colonies and required only a radical increase in output for cotton to oust wool from its dominant role in clothing production .
it also had a cheap supply of raw materials from the slave-based american colonies and required only a radical [raise] in output for cotton to oust wool from its dominant role in clothing production .

This increase was achieved by cotton entrepreneurs who used new technology in the form of spinning jennies , water frames , power looms and fly shuttles .
this [raise] was achieved by cotton entrepreneurs who used new technology in the form of spinning jennies , water frames , power looms and fly shuttles .

Marx argued that to compete in the market for commodities , capitalists had continually to increase their productivity and efficiency .
marx argued that to compete in the market for commodities , capitalists had continually to [raise] their productivity and efficiency .

The only methods available to do this were either to find cheaper sources of raw materials , squeeze labour 's wages or increase the technological composition of the productive process .
the only methods available to do this were either to find cheaper sources of raw materials , squeeze labour 's wages or [raise] the technological composition of the productive process .

In order to compete , firms would therefore have to seek ever-increasing technological innovations to raise productivity , increase output and reduce prices .
in order to compete , firms would therefore have to seek ever-increasing technological innovations to raise productivity , [raise] output and reduce prices .

This expansion of international capitalism and its attendant massive increase in output and productivity , especially between 1945 and the world slump of 1974 , was also not predicted by Marx .
this expansion of international capitalism and its attendant massive [raise] in output and productivity , especially between 1945 and the world slump of 1974 , was also not predicted by marx .

Since his death the workers of the industrial world have experienced ( despite severe dislocations in the 1920s , 1930s and 1970s ) a fairly continuous increase in their material standards of living , a massive expansion of social welfarism and have also been given the right to vote for their own governments in relatively pluralistic political systems with competitive political parties and regular elections .
since his death the workers of the industrial world have experienced ( despite severe dislocations in the 1920s , 1930s and 1970s ) a fairly continuous [raise] in their material standards of living , a massive expansion of social welfarism and have also been given the right to vote for their own governments in relatively pluralistic political systems with competitive political parties and regular elections .

The increase in the scale of operation also led to a search for further sources of raw materials and safe markets for corporate products .
the [raise] in the scale of operation also led to a search for further sources of raw materials and safe markets for corporate products .

True , material living standards have risen but this has only been granted either to increase the overall rate of exploitation of the workers or because the workers of the Third World are being exploited even more rapaciously to  buy off  subordinate classes at home .
true , material living standards have risen but this has only been granted either to [raise] the overall rate of exploitation of the workers or because the workers of the third world are being exploited even more rapaciously to  buy off  subordinate classes at home .

The maximum utility of a community may often involve , says Pareto ,  a sacrifice for the subject classes  though it also entails an increase in the utility of the governing elites .
the maximum utility of a community may often involve , says pareto ,  a sacrifice for the subject classes  though it also entails an [raise] in the utility of the governing elites .

First , there has been a massive increase in the level of military expenditure by the American federal government when compared with figures from before the Second World War figures .
first , there has been a massive [raise] in the level of military expenditure by the american federal government when compared with figures from before the second world war figures .

It is not just the absolute increase in military expenditure and its continuation in the whole of the post-war period which has led people to fear the creation of a military-industrial complex .
it is not just the absolute [raise] in military expenditure and its continuation in the whole of the post-war period which has led people to fear the creation of a military-industrial complex .

Although both approaches argue that the only solution to the problem is the ultimate replacement of capitalism by a more socialist and pacifist economic and political system , these two approaches offer different explanations for the increase in military expenditure and the close interrelationship between the military , industry and the state
although both approaches argue that the only solution to the problem is the ultimate replacement of capitalism by a more socialist and pacifist economic and political system , these two approaches offer different explanations for the [raise] in military expenditure and the close interrelationship between the military , industry and the state

This process was further stimulated by the massive increase in state purchase of military and industrial equipment during the Second World War .
this process was further stimulated by the massive [raise] in state purchase of military and industrial equipment during the second world war .

While the military were subordinate ( having solved the problems of the frontier and the Civil War ) , the massive increase in corporate power due to industrial concentration and the expansion and unification of the national economy led to the political elite being dominated by corporate power .
while the military were subordinate ( having solved the problems of the frontier and the civil war ) , the massive [raise] in corporate power due to industrial concentration and the expansion and unification of the national economy led to the political elite being dominated by corporate power .

In fact , if one understands government growth to refer to the increase in the degree to which government affects the nature of the society in which it operates , it is possible to derive a variety of measures according to the different ways in which a government can influence its environment .
in fact , if one understands government growth to refer to the [raise] in the degree to which government affects the nature of the society in which it operates , it is possible to derive a variety of measures according to the different ways in which a government can influence its environment .

In a crisis , such as a war , a government is forced to increase expenditure sharply , in this case for military mobilisation and consequently revenue .
in a crisis , such as a war , a government is forced to [raise] expenditure sharply , in this case for military mobilisation and consequently revenue .

The only effective options for the state are to reduce concessions to the working class or increase taxation further ; the first solution would undermine state legitimacy and the second creates an unresolvable crisis of legitimacy .
the only effective options for the state are to reduce concessions to the working class or [raise] taxation further ; the first solution would undermine state legitimacy and the second creates an unresolvable crisis of legitimacy .

Perhaps the most glaring example of this problem of non-falsifiability can be found in the manner in which Marxists have been able to argue that state spending is functional for capitalism : increases in state spending are functional since they increase effective demand and legitimacy , yet so are decreases in state spending since they increase the profitability private sector firms .
perhaps the most glaring example of this problem of non-falsifiability can be found in the manner in which marxists have been able to argue that state spending is functional for capitalism : increases in state spending are functional since they [raise] effective demand and legitimacy , yet so are decreases in state spending since they [raise] the profitability private sector firms .

The producers of public expenditure have helped increase public spending since the competition for votes has led politicians to promise more and more spending ; moreover , since governments come into office with a vast amount of spending commitments inherited from previous governments , their ability to reduce these commitments substantially is limited through the length of time that would be required to make such reductions , and further , they are unlikely to court unpopularity through doing so .
the producers of public expenditure have helped [raise] public spending since the competition for votes has led politicians to promise more and more spending ; moreover , since governments come into office with a vast amount of spending commitments inherited from previous governments , their ability to reduce these commitments substantially is limited through the length of time that would be required to make such reductions , and further , they are unlikely to court unpopularity through doing so .

Supplier groups that is to say the welfare professional organisations such as teachers ' groups and social workers ' groups , also have an interest in the expansion of government expenditure . This need not necessarily be for the pure career-orientated reasons suggested by Niskanen  whether teachers or social workers have suggested policy changes that increase expenditure for pure self-interest or through the genuine altruistic belief that a greater supply of their services will benefit their society , such groups have occupied central roles in the expansion of their services
supplier groups that is to say the welfare professional organisations such as teachers ' groups and social workers ' groups , also have an interest in the expansion of government expenditure . this need not necessarily be for the pure career-orientated reasons suggested by niskanen  whether teachers or social workers have suggested policy changes that [raise] expenditure for pure self-interest or through the genuine altruistic belief that a greater supply of their services will benefit their society , such groups have occupied central roles in the expansion of their services

Rose and Peters regard this period as one of  treble affluence  ; first economic growth was large so that , second , government expenditure could increase without third , reducing through taxation the real wages of individuals .
rose and peters regard this period as one of  treble affluence  ; first economic growth was large so that , second , government expenditure could [raise] without third , reducing through taxation the real wages of individuals .

The message distilled from Keynes 's theories by politicians was that governments should increase public expenditure to generate economic growth through stimulating demand .
the message distilled from keynes 's theories by politicians was that governments should [raise] public expenditure to generate economic growth through stimulating demand .

With the evolution of multicellular organisms , both the range of possible behaviours and the organizational problems the organism has to solve increase .
with the evolution of multicellular organisms , both the range of possible behaviours and the organizational problems the organism has to solve [raise] .

To do so , it is necessary briefly to increase the rate of insertion of bricks at a particular point in the house  the roof  without changing the rate of removal ; bricks thus accumulate as the chimney is constructed .
to do so , it is necessary briefly to [raise] the rate of insertion of bricks at a particular point in the house  the roof  without changing the rate of removal ; bricks thus accumulate as the chimney is constructed .

As with chimneys , so with synapses ; if they are constructed  or even reconstructed  during learning , one might expect a brief increase in the rate of synthesis of proteins over the time when an animal was being trained and memory was being formed .
as with chimneys , so with synapses ; if they are constructed  or even reconstructed  during learning , one might expect a brief [raise] in the rate of synthesis of proteins over the time when an animal was being trained and memory was being formed .

There are now available drugs which , injected prior to or just after a learning trial , improve retention of the memory ( that is , increase the  savings  as defined in Chapter 5 ) in animals tested hours or days subsequently .
there are now available drugs which , injected prior to or just after a learning trial , improve retention of the memory ( that is , [raise] the  savings  as defined in chapter 5 ) in animals tested hours or days subsequently .

If there are more or modified synapses , the chemicals and structures of which the synapses are composed must show signs of change , which might be measurable either by biochemical methods ( for instance , an increase in the amount of synaptic membrane protein ) or under a microscope ( for instance a change in the dimensions of particular synapses , or an increase in synaptic numbers ) .
if there are more or modified synapses , the chemicals and structures of which the synapses are composed must show signs of change , which might be measurable either by biochemical methods ( for instance , an [raise] in the amount of synaptic membrane protein ) or under a microscope ( for instance a change in the dimensions of particular synapses , or an [raise] in synaptic numbers ) .

This effect , essentially an increase in the efficacy of transmission between pre- and postsynaptic cells , was termed potentiation .
this effect , essentially an [raise] in the efficacy of transmission between pre- and postsynaptic cells , was termed potentiation .

When they then stimulated the perforant pathway with a train of electrical impulses , at the rate of 10100 per second for up to 10 seconds , they found an extraordinarily long-lasting increase in the firing of the hippocampal neurons of the dentate gyrus , persisting for up to ten hours .
when they then stimulated the perforant pathway with a train of electrical impulses , at the rate of 10100 per second for up to 10 seconds , they found an extraordinarily long-lasting [raise] in the firing of the hippocampal neurons of the dentate gyrus , persisting for up to ten hours .

How can an increase in glutamate release , or in the receptors responding to it , result in further pre- or postsynaptic changes ?
how can an [raise] in glutamate release , or in the receptors responding to it , result in further pre- or postsynaptic changes ?

For instance the increase could have been due to the taste of the methylanthranilate itself rather than the learned association of pecking and tasting .
for instance the [raise] could have been due to the taste of the methylanthranilate itself rather than the learned association of pecking and tasting .

We had of course already found a transient increase in the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor .
we had of course already found a transient [raise] in the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor .

To recap so far , as Figure 10.3 summarizes , pecking at the bitter bead sets off a cascade of biochemical processes in two specific regions of the chick brain ; these begin with transient changes in cerebral blood flow and energy use and involve brief increases in transmitter-receptor interactions , which alter the properties of the synaptic membranes such as to increase the efficacy of communication between pre- and postsynaptic side .
to recap so far , as figure 10.3 summarizes , pecking at the bitter bead sets off a cascade of biochemical processes in two specific regions of the chick brain ; these begin with transient changes in cerebral blood flow and energy use and involve brief increases in transmitter-receptor interactions , which alter the properties of the synaptic membranes such as to [raise] the efficacy of communication between pre- and postsynaptic side .

Matthies ' group , like ours , was interested in the glycoproteins , which they had shown to increase in synthesis during various forms of more conventional training procedures in rats , and Jork had scanned the biochemical literature to find specific inhibitors of glycoprotein synthesis .
matthies ' group , like ours , was interested in the glycoproteins , which they had shown to [raise] in synthesis during various forms of more conventional training procedures in rats , and jork had scanned the biochemical literature to find specific inhibitors of glycoprotein synthesis .

Antarctic zooplankton is characterized by an almost complete absence of larvae of benthic animals , and surface layers are rich in individuals but poor in species ; numbers of species tend to increase with depth ( Knox , 1970 ) .
antarctic zooplankton is characterized by an almost complete absence of larvae of benthic animals , and surface layers are rich in individuals but poor in species ; numbers of species tend to [raise] with depth ( knox , 1970 ) .

An adaptation is a modification of the genome resulting in structures , functions or behaviour patterns that increase the probability of an organism surviving and reproducing in a particular environment .
an adaptation is a modification of the genome resulting in structures , functions or behaviour patterns that [raise] the probability of an organism surviving and reproducing in a particular environment .

The isoenzymes , which may be derived from alternative gene sets provided by polyploidy , in effect increase membrane permeability and allow water to pass out of the cells , concentrating cell solutions and lowering their freezing points .
the isoenzymes , which may be derived from alternative gene sets provided by polyploidy , in effect [raise] membrane permeability and allow water to pass out of the cells , concentrating cell solutions and lowering their freezing points .

Dormancy is a response to short day-length and low temperatures ; growth begins as days lengthen and temperatures increase .
dormancy is a response to short day-length and low temperatures ; growth begins as days lengthen and temperatures [raise] .

Not surprisingly , food requirements increase substantially with activity .
not surprisingly , food requirements [raise] substantially with activity .

Miles called to the hunters to increase their speed .
miles called to the hunters to [raise] their speed .

As a consequence , the complexity of some teachers ' classroom organization appeared to greatly increase the proportion of the time during which children were distracted , awaiting attention or working only sporadically .
as a consequence , the complexity of some teachers ' classroom organization appeared to greatly [raise] the proportion of the time during which children were distracted , awaiting attention or working only sporadically .

Since it was frequently predicted that the pressures of the latter would lead to an increase in whole-class teaching , it is useful to supplement our comments by reference to more recent data , gathered as part of another project based at Leeds University , the SEAC-funded evaluation of the 1991 Key Stage One National Curriculum Assessment directed by Diane Shorrocks and Robin Alexander .
since it was frequently predicted that the pressures of the latter would lead to an [raise] in whole-class teaching , it is useful to supplement our comments by reference to more recent data , gathered as part of another project based at leeds university , the seac-funded evaluation of the 1991 key stage one national curriculum assessment directed by diane shorrocks and robin alexander .

Whole-class teaching , usually seen as the device most likely to keep children on task , may well reduce distraction ( or at least distraction of an undisguised kind ) but it may also increase the time children spend awaiting attention , and indeed our own figures on group sizes tend to confirm this .
whole-class teaching , usually seen as the device most likely to keep children on task , may well reduce distraction ( or at least distraction of an undisguised kind ) but it may also [raise] the time children spend awaiting attention , and indeed our own figures on group sizes tend to confirm this .

The challenge , clearly , is to reduce the proportion of  routine  and  disciplinary  interactions and increase the proportion concerned with work .
the challenge , clearly , is to reduce the proportion of  routine  and  disciplinary  interactions and [raise] the proportion concerned with work .

to find out the needs of parents of children under five and work with them to help facilitate those needs ,  to help parents help their children acquire useful skills and act as a bridge between home and school ,  and to increase a shared community spirit and foster an attitude of sharing and support between parents and other parents in the local neighbourhood , alongside the paid professionals and voluntary agencies .
to find out the needs of parents of children under five and work with them to help facilitate those needs ,  to help parents help their children acquire useful skills and act as a bridge between home and school ,  and to [raise] a shared community spirit and foster an attitude of sharing and support between parents and other parents in the local neighbourhood , alongside the paid professionals and voluntary agencies .

In-service provision relating to special educational needs , though involving a much more modest investment of time throughout , showed a steady and regular increase from year to year .
in-service provision relating to special educational needs , though involving a much more modest investment of time throughout , showed a steady and regular [raise] from year to year .

During the first three years , very little time was spent on such whole-school issues as management and curriculum leadership , but in 1988 an apparent change of priorities led to a dramatic increase in provision in this area from an average of 102 teacher-days a year to a somewhat startling 1,280 .
during the first three years , very little time was spent on such whole-school issues as management and curriculum leadership , but in 1988 an apparent change of priorities led to a dramatic [raise] in provision in this area from an average of 102 teacher-days a year to a somewhat startling 1,280 .

Too large an increase in personal taxation could lose them votes and deny them further ministerial office .
too large an [raise] in personal taxation could lose them votes and deny them further ministerial office .

It has become fashionable to argue that the post-Plowden , long-term planning of public spending proved a disaster and actually helped to increase the growth of public spending , though in the early 1970s an American observer thought the system one of the most sophisticated and successful in the world ( Wildavsky , 1975 ) .
it has become fashionable to argue that the post-plowden , long-term planning of public spending proved a disaster and actually helped to [raise] the growth of public spending , though in the early 1970s an american observer thought the system one of the most sophisticated and successful in the world ( wildavsky , 1975 ) .

Thus , if education were promised a rise in its allocation at 2 per cent a year , this would mean a real increase in its capacity to employ teachers or build schools of 2 per cent a year .
thus , if education were promised a rise in its allocation at 2 per cent a year , this would mean a real [raise] in its capacity to employ teachers or build schools of 2 per cent a year .

The upheaval the new system caused meant that councils had an incentive to increase the tax levy and blame the government .
the upheaval the new system caused meant that councils had an incentive to [raise] the tax levy and blame the government .

If they spend more and increase the local authority 's contribution to demand they have to take more from local taxpayers , thus reducing their demand for goods and services .
if they spend more and [raise] the local authority 's contribution to demand they have to take more from local taxpayers , thus reducing their demand for goods and services .

There the chairs of the various committees would haggle to bring the total additional claims down to some acceptable consequent rate increase and to decide whose budget was to be trimmed most .
there the chairs of the various committees would haggle to bring the total additional claims down to some acceptable consequent rate [raise] and to decide whose budget was to be trimmed most .

There used to be an in-built assumption that the rate of increase in resources available to an authority would rise year by year .
there used to be an in-built assumption that the rate of [raise] in resources available to an authority would rise year by year .

It enables voters to show some preference for different kinds of spending , for example , by campaigning to resist or increase the education or social security tax .
it enables voters to show some preference for different kinds of spending , for example , by campaigning to resist or [raise] the education or social security tax .

The gain is measured as the market price minus the price at which it was bought , indexed to take account of the general price increase in the period .
the gain is measured as the market price minus the price at which it was bought , indexed to take account of the general price [raise] in the period .

If these taxes increase the price of all products in proportion to their original price , they distort market preferences relatively little .
if these taxes [raise] the price of all products in proportion to their original price , they distort market preferences relatively little .

This has been done to increase the incentives the higher income groups have to work harder .
this has been done to [raise] the incentives the higher income groups have to work harder .

There was a rapid increase in the number of primary school children , with very overcrowded primary classes , and governments pushed all the available teachers and capital into primary education , limiting local authorities ' right to provide nursery education even when they wished to .
there was a rapid [raise] in the number of primary school children , with very overcrowded primary classes , and governments pushed all the available teachers and capital into primary education , limiting local authorities ' right to provide nursery education even when they wished to .

If a free service builds up a high demand and a waiting list , that too increases a professional 's power to humiliate or increase the client 's dependency .
if a free service builds up a high demand and a waiting list , that too increases a professional 's power to humiliate or [raise] the client 's dependency .

Some have therefore concluded that such a tax deduction system would increase the flow of revenue to charities by more than the tax loss and hence produce an increase in social service provision .
some have therefore concluded that such a tax deduction system would [raise] the flow of revenue to charities by more than the tax loss and hence produce an [raise] in social service provision .

The second assumption is that additional tax relief will indeed increase the level of giving .
the second assumption is that additional tax relief will indeed [raise] the level of giving .

During the 1980s the Conservative government took several steps to increase tax relief on gifts with this in mind .
during the 1980s the conservative government took several steps to [raise] tax relief on gifts with this in mind .

In short , a lot was done to increase the level of charitable donations from individuals in the 1980s .
in short , a lot was done to [raise] the level of charitable donations from individuals in the 1980s .

The cost of this sector has risen faster than any other  a more than 40-per-cent increase in real terms from 1978/9 to 1987/8 .
the cost of this sector has risen faster than any other  a more than 40-per-cent [raise] in real terms from 1978/9 to 1987/8 .

Costs rose and premiums were difficult to increase .
costs rose and premiums were difficult to [raise] .

If 10 per cent more were done , the payment would increase by 12 per cent ; if less than the volume target were done , the payment would go down .
if 10 per cent more were done , the payment would [raise] by 12 per cent ; if less than the volume target were done , the payment would go down .

Moving down the open field at Kingsburgh , a view of the sea-loch comes into view , wide and bright , the view from her window every morning until Flora Macdonald and her husband left to try and increase their fortunes in America .
moving down the open field at kingsburgh , a view of the sea-loch comes into view , wide and bright , the view from her window every morning until flora macdonald and her husband left to try and [raise] their fortunes in america .

Some observers have attributed the Soviet Union 's apparent willingness to carry a high trade deficit with almost all of its trading partners in Latin America to the fact that it is using trade primarily as a political instrument in order to increase its influence within the region .
some observers have attributed the soviet union 's apparent willingness to carry a high trade deficit with almost all of its trading partners in latin america to the fact that it is using trade primarily as a political instrument in order to [raise] its influence within the region .

Although Moscow undertook a trade push in Latin America in the late 1960s ( offering credits of $ 100 million to Brazil in 1966 , $ 57 million to Chile in 1967 , $ 2 million to Colombia and $ 20 million to Uruguay in 1968 ) and saw its efforts pay off to some extent with a steady increase in turnover between the two regions during the 1970s , the true extent of the Soviet economic presence in Latin America is by no means as great as many observers claim ( see appendix for detailed figures on Soviet trade with Latin America ) .
although moscow undertook a trade push in latin america in the late 1960s ( offering credits of $ 100 million to brazil in 1966 , $ 57 million to chile in 1967 , $ 2 million to colombia and $ 20 million to uruguay in 1968 ) and saw its efforts pay off to some extent with a steady [raise] in turnover between the two regions during the 1970s , the true extent of the soviet economic presence in latin america is by no means as great as many observers claim ( see appendix for detailed figures on soviet trade with latin america ) .

Thus there were significant economic incentives for revolutionary Cuba at least to increase its options with the Soviet Union .
thus there were significant economic incentives for revolutionary cuba at least to [raise] its options with the soviet union .

But have you considered that Artai will desire to mark his accession with some conquest  some increase in his influence ?
but have you considered that artai will desire to mark his accession with some conquest  some [raise] in his influence ?

In his belt he had a horn container which held a mixture which was supposed to be smeared upon the eyelids under such conditions to increase the density of the clan tattoo .
in his belt he had a horn container which held a mixture which was supposed to be smeared upon the eyelids under such conditions to [raise] the density of the clan tattoo .

The incidence of crowd misbehaviour reached a high point before the First World War , fell between the two World Wars , and continued to fall until the late-1950s , since when it continued to increase quite rapidly ( Dunning et al .
the incidence of crowd misbehaviour reached a high point before the first world war , fell between the two world wars , and continued to fall until the late-1950s , since when it continued to [raise] quite rapidly ( dunning et al .

The mass media have helped increase the prevalence of football hooliganism since the 1960s by advertising soccer grounds as places where fighting was likely to occur , and then by creating and enhancing the notoriety of particular groups of fans .
the mass media have helped [raise] the prevalence of football hooliganism since the 1960s by advertising soccer grounds as places where fighting was likely to occur , and then by creating and enhancing the notoriety of particular groups of fans .

To attempt to ignore these events or portray them as something other than what they are can only diminish confidence in the media and increase the effectiveness of those who monger rumors and the fears of those who listen .
to attempt to ignore these events or portray them as something other than what they are can only diminish confidence in the media and [raise] the effectiveness of those who monger rumors and the fears of those who listen .

Nevertheless , some of the tension which existed between the police and black communities in the 1960s appears to have been relieved by an increase in the number of elected black politicians and their moderating influence on police policy :  The growth of elected and appointed black people in the political system means that racialist and violent police behaviour comes to be more and more criticised and highlighted  ( Kilson , 1987:59 ) .
nevertheless , some of the tension which existed between the police and black communities in the 1960s appears to have been relieved by an [raise] in the number of elected black politicians and their moderating influence on police policy :  the growth of elected and appointed black people in the political system means that racialist and violent police behaviour comes to be more and more criticised and highlighted  ( kilson , 1987:59 ) .

Whereas the descriptions of the opening chapter are confined to what can be seen from within his shack , visual perspectives increase in variety and number when he ventures out of doors .
whereas the descriptions of the opening chapter are confined to what can be seen from within his shack , visual perspectives [raise] in variety and number when he ventures out of doors .

Sooner or later , however , they will pervade the blood-stream and increase at a striking rate , paralysing the skull with tumorous growths ( 66/68 ) .
sooner or later , however , they will pervade the blood-stream and [raise] at a striking rate , paralysing the skull with tumorous growths ( 66/68 ) .

Couturier is more convincing in his demonstration of how the increase in available textual material brought about by the invention of print led to new strategies for incorporating one text into another without overt plagiarism ( 48 ) .
couturier is more convincing in his demonstration of how the [raise] in available textual material brought about by the invention of print led to new strategies for incorporating one text into another without overt plagiarism ( 48 ) .

The even greater increase in the availability of textuality made possible by the digital revolution , combined with the facilities it allows for altering , merging , and adding to already written texts , presents a related but different set of problems to the novelist .
the even greater [raise] in the availability of textuality made possible by the digital revolution , combined with the facilities it allows for altering , merging , and adding to already written texts , presents a related but different set of problems to the novelist .

The increase in police powers and the subsequent curtailment in civil liberties , rest on the Conservative Party 's alarm over the increase in crime .
the [raise] in police powers and the subsequent curtailment in civil liberties , rest on the conservative party 's alarm over the [raise] in crime .

But have these expanded powers and the concomitant increase in punitiveness had the desired effect upon crime ?
but have these expanded powers and the concomitant [raise] in punitiveness had the desired effect upon crime ?

The number of serving police officers per 1,000 population had increased by 20 per cent during the 1970s ( Burrows and Tarling 1987 , p.230 ) and the increase continued during the Thatcher decade .
the number of serving police officers per 1,000 population had increased by 20 per cent during the 1970s ( burrows and tarling 1987 , p.230 ) and the [raise] continued during the thatcher decade .

Has this increase in manpower and resources been effective ?
has this [raise] in manpower and resources been effective ?

Not according to Downes and Young ( 1987 ) , who found that in the post-war period , the rate of increase of crime under the Conservatives was , on average , twice that under Labour .
not according to downes and young ( 1987 ) , who found that in the post-war period , the rate of [raise] of crime under the conservatives was , on average , twice that under labour .

As we have seen , the Conservative Party made much , prior to the  79 General Election , of the increase in crime during time in office of the 197479 Labour Government .
as we have seen , the conservative party made much , prior to the  79 general election , of the [raise] in crime during time in office of the 197479 labour government .

The figures for the first quarter of 1990 showed an increase of 15 per cent on the corresponding period of 1989 , the largest rise in crime since records began in 1857 .
the figures for the first quarter of 1990 showed an [raise] of 15 per cent on the corresponding period of 1989 , the largest rise in crime since records began in 1857 .

What is clear , as we shall see below from both victimisation studies and official statistics , is that the crime rate had not decreased under the Conservatives and Home Office projections for the 1990s suggested that the increase was likely to continue .
what is clear , as we shall see below from both victimisation studies and official statistics , is that the crime rate had not decreased under the conservatives and home office projections for the 1990s suggested that the [raise] was likely to continue .

The forecasts were for a 28 per cent increase between 1983 and 1993 ( although the demographic shifts noted above may reduce this ) , and indeed by 1989 the increase was already 19 per cent .
the forecasts were for a 28 per cent [raise] between 1983 and 1993 ( although the demographic shifts noted above may reduce this ) , and indeed by 1989 the [raise] was already 19 per cent .

He looked at the crime figures reported by the Merseyside police , where the increase in clear-up rates could be shown to be related to the number of prison visits by police officers .
he looked at the crime figures reported by the merseyside police , where the [raise] in clear-up rates could be shown to be related to the number of prison visits by police officers .

The results , he believed ,  support the view that increases in unemployment are likely to significantly increase recorded property crime rates ( most notably robberies )  ( p.15 ) .
the results , he believed ,  support the view that increases in unemployment are likely to significantly [raise] recorded property crime rates ( most notably robberies )  ( p.15 ) .

Domestic violence like property offences tended to increase when times were hard .
domestic violence like property offences tended to [raise] when times were hard .

We conclude by noting that Young ( 1987 ) , in a paper which attacks the one-sided partiality of much criminological theory , is rightly critical of what he calls the adversarial positivism which characterises the debate over unemployment and crime . He argues that crime is likely to increase when one or more of the following conditions predominate :
we conclude by noting that young ( 1987 ) , in a paper which attacks the one-sided partiality of much criminological theory , is rightly critical of what he calls the adversarial positivism which characterises the debate over unemployment and crime . he argues that crime is likely to [raise] when one or more of the following conditions predominate :

The Association of British Insurers reported in September 1990 an annual increase in business fire insurance claims of 25 per cent .
the association of british insurers reported in september 1990 an annual [raise] in business fire insurance claims of 25 per cent .

Box ( 1987 ) argues that crimes committed by corporations , businesses and professions are likely to increase in times of economic recession although he admits that the evidence is less strong than for  conventional  crimes ( see Chapter Four ) .
box ( 1987 ) argues that crimes committed by corporations , businesses and professions are likely to [raise] in times of economic recession although he admits that the evidence is less strong than for  conventional  crimes ( see chapter four ) .

Official statistics indicate that the potentially dangerous near misses involving civil and military aircraft has increased from 80 in 1979 to 92 in 1988 , but the risk has declined , because of the increase in volume of civil traffic .
official statistics indicate that the potentially dangerous near misses involving civil and military aircraft has increased from 80 in 1979 to 92 in 1988 , but the risk has declined , because of the [raise] in volume of civil traffic .

Mandatory safety checks have been increased , without an increase in resources .
mandatory safety checks have been increased , without an [raise] in resources .

One reason for the increase in the prison population during the 1980s was the rise in the number of remand prisoners awaiting trial or sentence .
one reason for the [raise] in the prison population during the 1980s was the rise in the number of remand prisoners awaiting trial or sentence .

They also indicate that for every 1,000 increase in youth unemployment , 23 additional males are incarcerated , even when the effects of crime rates and court workload are controlled for .
they also indicate that for every 1,000 [raise] in youth unemployment , 23 additional males are incarcerated , even when the effects of crime rates and court workload are controlled for .

The general conclusion of these analyses was that unemployment and imprisonment were related , in the sense that , after controlling statistically for the level of crime and numbers convicted , an increase in the level of unemployment led , on average , to an increase in the numbers incarcerated .
the general conclusion of these analyses was that unemployment and imprisonment were related , in the sense that , after controlling statistically for the level of crime and numbers convicted , an [raise] in the level of unemployment led , on average , to an [raise] in the numbers incarcerated .

Hale ( 1989b ) argues that the long-term trend of a decrease in the proportionate use of imprisonment and a corresponding increase in the use of fines has been reversed .
hale ( 1989b ) argues that the long-term trend of a decrease in the proportionate use of imprisonment and a corresponding [raise] in the use of fines has been reversed .

The penalty which had the greatest proportional increase over this period was the fine , roughly doubling in its proportionate use from 27 per cent to 53 per cent while probation also declined from 15 per cent of all sentences to 7 per cent ( Bottoms 1983 ; see Table 7.1 ) .
the penalty which had the greatest proportional [raise] over this period was the fine , roughly doubling in its proportionate use from 27 per cent to 53 per cent while probation also declined from 15 per cent of all sentences to 7 per cent ( bottoms 1983 ; see table 7.1 ) .

Subsequently this figure began to increase steadily and by 1988 , the latest year for which figures are available , it was 20 per cent .
subsequently this figure began to [raise] steadily and by 1988 , the latest year for which figures are available , it was 20 per cent .

In other words between 1974 and 1988 there had been a 25 per cent reduction in the proportionate use of fines and a corresponding 25 per cent increase in the proportionate use of imprisonment .
in other words between 1974 and 1988 there had been a 25 per cent reduction in the proportionate use of fines and a corresponding 25 per cent [raise] in the proportionate use of imprisonment .

In the 1989 statement on Government expenditure they announced that the Home Office was to receive yet another increase in money to enable it to build two extra prisons , to set up 30 day centres for parole on probation , to recruit 300 more police officers in provincial forces , to employ an additional 1,300 civilians in the police forces and to make the Immigration and Nationality Department more efficient .
in the 1989 statement on government expenditure they announced that the home office was to receive yet another [raise] in money to enable it to build two extra prisons , to set up 30 day centres for parole on probation , to recruit 300 more police officers in provincial forces , to employ an additional 1,300 civilians in the police forces and to make the immigration and nationality department more efficient .

For this reason in the downswing of the cycle , the sources for an increase in severity of punishment should not be sought either in specific  economic  functions , such as the control of an increasing mass of the unemployed , or in specific motives of individual agents of social control , such as the common belief that unemployment causes crime .
for this reason in the downswing of the cycle , the sources for an [raise] in severity of punishment should not be sought either in specific  economic  functions , such as the control of an increasing mass of the unemployed , or in specific motives of individual agents of social control , such as the common belief that unemployment causes crime .

It stated that the Government 's intention was to increase court and public confidence in the effectiveness of community-based penalties .
it stated that the government 's intention was to [raise] court and public confidence in the effectiveness of community-based penalties .

fudging the principle , and the result will be a flawed strategy which will increase the prison population .
fudging the principle , and the result will be a flawed strategy which will [raise] the prison population .

For example , some offer a 30 per cent reduction in the first year , after which your payments increase by five per cent a year .
for example , some offer a 30 per cent reduction in the first year , after which your payments [raise] by five per cent a year .

Can increase your debt
can [raise] your debt

 We always try to be the first to drop our rates when they are falling , but the last to increase them when they are on their way up ,  assures Vos .
 we always try to be the first to drop our rates when they are falling , but the last to [raise] them when they are on their way up ,  assures vos .

The increase in benefits to the customer , coupled with the fact that the company has strengthened its share of the mortgage market almost to rival that of the Halifax , meant that Abbey National was the obvious choice for Best High Street Bank .
the [raise] in benefits to the customer , coupled with the fact that the company has strengthened its share of the mortgage market almost to rival that of the halifax , meant that abbey national was the obvious choice for best high street bank .

The upslope will increase the loft of the club , sending the ball steeply into the air .
the upslope will [raise] the loft of the club , sending the ball steeply into the air .

It is done to keep the ball low , and can increase backspin , almost as is the clubhead is being dragged through the shot .
it is done to keep the ball low , and can [raise] backspin , almost as is the clubhead is being dragged through the shot .

Sir  Mr. Edminson 's letter  Equal Play , Equal Pay  in the November 1990 issue airs the possibility that one way for clubs to find extra subscription income would be to increase the ladies ' subscriptions , or , in his words , to ask them  to make a more equitable contribution to their golf club 's finances  because of their increased activity .
sir  mr. edminson 's letter  equal play , equal pay  in the november 1990 issue airs the possibility that one way for clubs to find extra subscription income would be to [raise] the ladies ' subscriptions , or , in his words , to ask them  to make a more equitable contribution to their golf club 's finances  because of their increased activity .

It will be an official European event with Order of Merit status and will have a substantial increase in prize-money over the Hong Kong event .
it will be an official european event with order of merit status and will have a substantial [raise] in prize-money over the hong kong event .

The high level of the hormone progesterone during pregnancy accounts for the increase in breast size .
the high level of the hormone progesterone during pregnancy accounts for the [raise] in breast size .

Tenderness and a tingling sensation may be one of the first signs of pregnancy and there will be an increase in the number of superficial veins you can see .
tenderness and a tingling sensation may be one of the first signs of pregnancy and there will be an [raise] in the number of superficial veins you can see .

Do n't suddenly increase the amount of exercise you do , or become over-exhausted .
do n't suddenly [raise] the amount of exercise you do , or become over-exhausted .

It revealed that 79 % of the sample was now aware of the term  Open Systems   a dramatic increase since the launch of the programme .
it revealed that 79 % of the sample was now aware of the term  open systems   a dramatic [raise] since the launch of the programme .

 For the first time since the start of the recession ,  said Mr Hayward we may be seeing some glimmer of light , particularly as the figures tie in with the slight decrease in receiverships this quarter and with recent reports of an increase in business optimism .
 for the first time since the start of the recession ,  said mr hayward we may be seeing some glimmer of light , particularly as the figures tie in with the slight decrease in receiverships this quarter and with recent reports of an [raise] in business optimism .

In the three months August to October , there was a decrease in the amounts outstanding on credit agreements with consumers of 0.21bn compared with an increase of 0.17bn in the previous three months .
in the three months august to october , there was a decrease in the amounts outstanding on credit agreements with consumers of 0.21bn compared with an [raise] of 0.17bn in the previous three months .

For example , a young professional receives a significant increase in his annual salary in October .
for example , a young professional receives a significant [raise] in his annual salary in october .

Such an increase gives him a feeling of career security ; his employer is pleased with his performance , he is unlikely to be made redundant , he decides there is no further need to monitor advertisements for opportunities for career advancement with rival firms and he feels he can now afford to enter the housing market and buy a flat .
such an [raise] gives him a feeling of career security ; his employer is pleased with his performance , he is unlikely to be made redundant , he decides there is no further need to monitor advertisements for opportunities for career advancement with rival firms and he feels he can now afford to enter the housing market and buy a flat .

Although the combination of recession and high interest rates is likely to have been the main cause of this rise in defaults , the much more moderate increase in company failures and mortgage arrears which accompanied the more severe downturn and higher interest rates of 198081 period suggests that other factors may also have been important .
although the combination of recession and high interest rates is likely to have been the main cause of this rise in defaults , the much more moderate [raise] in company failures and mortgage arrears which accompanied the more severe downturn and higher interest rates of 198081 period suggests that other factors may also have been important .

Although much of this increase would seem to have been voluntary , as debt became more attractive relative to equity , the fall in aggregate demand left companies in an exposed position .
although much of this [raise] would seem to have been voluntary , as debt became more attractive relative to equity , the fall in aggregate demand left companies in an exposed position .

Thus , the annual percentage increase in construction sector liquidations in 1990 ( up 49.3 per cent ) was much higher than in 1980 ( up 20.3 per cent ) .
thus , the annual percentage [raise] in construction sector liquidations in 1990 ( up 49.3 per cent ) was much higher than in 1980 ( up 20.3 per cent ) .

The relationship between the two is unlikely to be one-for-one , not least because lenders themselves will be wary of the impact on house prices from further sales of repossessed dwellings ; lower house prices not only increase the potential losses to lenders of selling repossessed dwellings but also increase the likelihood of further mortgage default .
the relationship between the two is unlikely to be one-for-one , not least because lenders themselves will be wary of the impact on house prices from further sales of repossessed dwellings ; lower house prices not only [raise] the potential losses to lenders of selling repossessed dwellings but also [raise] the likelihood of further mortgage default .

It was , said Mr Liley , a form of insolvency , and we would see , over the years , an increase in Administration Orders .
it was , said mr liley , a form of insolvency , and we would see , over the years , an [raise] in administration orders .

The proposed changes had one key aim  to increase usage  so , for example , that threshold was to go .
the proposed changes had one key aim  to [raise] usage  so , for example , that threshold was to go .

Finally , he forecast a reduction both of length of credit and of balances , a rationalisation of in-house departments , and an increase of solus agreements .
finally , he forecast a reduction both of length of credit and of balances , a rationalisation of in-house departments , and an [raise] of solus agreements .

One of the chief causes at the present time was the increase in interest rates , especially for the self-employed .
one of the chief causes at the present time was the [raise] in interest rates , especially for the self-employed .

The day concluded with an exchange of ideas on the ways in which branches and colleges could achieve better publicity , and thus increase the number of students even further in the coming years .
the day concluded with an exchange of ideas on the ways in which branches and colleges could achieve better publicity , and thus [raise] the number of students even further in the coming years .

The day 's cheese-making gets going at around 8am when Karen adds a specially prepared culture or  starter  , which is designed to slowly increase the milk 's acidity .
the day 's cheese-making gets going at around 8am when karen adds a specially prepared culture or  starter  , which is designed to slowly [raise] the milk 's acidity .

Increase the heat under the stock and reduce by half .
[raise] the heat under the stock and reduce by half .

Between 1965/6 and 1976/6 the number of students in higher education increased by 71 per cent : an 89 per cent increase in the universities and a 58 per cent increase in the polytechnics and colleges .
between 1965/6 and 1976/6 the number of students in higher education increased by 71 per cent : an 89 per cent [raise] in the universities and a 58 per cent [raise] in the polytechnics and colleges .

In 1989/90 there was an increase of 12,000 students and the projected increase for 1990/91 is 20,000 .
in 1989/90 there was an [raise] of 12,000 students and the projected [raise] for 1990/91 is 20,000 .

Elaborating on this statement , he said that some of the increase would come from widening access , with more women , more older people and more people from ethnic minorities entering higher education , but he also anticipated a doubling of the participation rates among young people of the relevant age , from the present 15 per cent to 30 per cent .
elaborating on this statement , he said that some of the [raise] would come from widening access , with more women , more older people and more people from ethnic minorities entering higher education , but he also anticipated a doubling of the participation rates among young people of the relevant age , from the present 15 per cent to 30 per cent .

He was careful to point out that not all of this increase would be funded by the government .
he was careful to point out that not all of this [raise] would be funded by the government .

Eleven months later the new Secretary of State said that he was equally committed to a very substantial expansion in student numbers , and stated that the government 's plans were for an increase of 50,000 by 1993 .
eleven months later the new secretary of state said that he was equally committed to a very substantial expansion in student numbers , and stated that the government 's plans were for an [raise] of 50,000 by 1993 .

This is said to represent an increase in real terms of 5 per cent , but this assumes an inflation rate of 5.75 per cent by the fourth quarter of 1990/91 and a rate of 3 per cent in 1992/93 .
this is said to represent an [raise] in real terms of 5 per cent , but this assumes an inflation rate of 5.75 per cent by the fourth quarter of 1990/91 and a rate of 3 per cent in 1992/93 .

Auriol Stevens , Director of the Universities Information Unit , said that there appeared to be no extra money to cover the projected increase in students :
auriol stevens , director of the universities information unit , said that there appeared to be no extra money to cover the projected [raise] in students :

It does n't look at this moment as if there is any real increase and any money for the extra students .
it does n't look at this moment as if there is any real [raise] and any money for the extra students .

When you do all the sums and move all the money from pocket to pocket it looks as if there is an increase of between 2 to 2.5 per cent and that is almost the difference between the previous inflation forecast of 3.5 per cent and the present inflation forecast of 5.75 per cent .
when you do all the sums and move all the money from pocket to pocket it looks as if there is an [raise] of between 2 to 2.5 per cent and that is almost the difference between the previous inflation forecast of 3.5 per cent and the present inflation forecast of 5.75 per cent .

Even the most generous interpretation of the figures reveals a very modest increase in funding and it most certainly does not even begin to compensate for ten years of cuts .
even the most generous interpretation of the figures reveals a very modest [raise] in funding and it most certainly does not even begin to compensate for ten years of cuts .

In 1986/87 universities alone raised 630 million from all non-governmental sources : an increase of 18 per cent on the preceding year .
in 1986/87 universities alone raised 630 million from all non-governmental sources : an [raise] of 18 per cent on the preceding year .

There was also an increase of 9 per cent in the number of posts dependent upon outside funding , and posts of this kind now constitute one-third of all appointments .
there was also an [raise] of 9 per cent in the number of posts dependent upon outside funding , and posts of this kind now constitute one-third of all appointments .

Each year the loan element will increase , until by 2001 loans will constitute 50 per cent of student finance .
each year the loan element will [raise] , until by 2001 loans will constitute 50 per cent of student finance .

Between 1970 and 1978 the proportion of dwellings in owner-occupation increased by 4 per cent whereas the increase between 1979 and 1987 was 9.5 per cent .
between 1970 and 1978 the proportion of dwellings in owner-occupation increased by 4 per cent whereas the [raise] between 1979 and 1987 was 9.5 per cent .

The rapid increase in home ownership has not been without its problems .
the rapid [raise] in home ownership has not been without its problems .

There are about 2,600 housing associations in England and Wales with a total stock of over 600,000 dwellings , and although this represents only about 3 per cent of all dwellings , the associations ' share of the total stock will increase substantially as the full impact of the 1988 Act begins to be felt .
there are about 2,600 housing associations in england and wales with a total stock of over 600,000 dwellings , and although this represents only about 3 per cent of all dwellings , the associations ' share of the total stock will [raise] substantially as the full impact of the 1988 act begins to be felt .

In 1988/89 the Housing Corporation invested more than 1 billion  an increase of 80 million over the previous year  and approved 25,000 dwellings : 22 per cent more than in 1987/88 .
in 1988/89 the housing corporation invested more than 1 billion  an [raise] of 80 million over the previous year  and approved 25,000 dwellings : 22 per cent more than in 1987/88 .

The government has said , however , that rents will rise only after improvements have been made , and any increase following improvement will be in line with council house rents .
the government has said , however , that rents will rise only after improvements have been made , and any [raise] following improvement will be in line with council house rents .

Using government subsidies to increase local authority rents is not a new ploy .
using government subsidies to [raise] local authority rents is not a new ploy .

Murie says that this was also happening under the previous system :  As the new subsidy scheme under the Housing Act 1980 had been operated to increase council rents ( which in 19823 accounted for a higher proportion of average earnings than at any time since 1945 ) , so exchequer subsidies have fallen  .
murie says that this was also happening under the previous system :  as the new subsidy scheme under the housing act 1980 had been operated to [raise] council rents ( which in 19823 accounted for a higher proportion of average earnings than at any time since 1945 ) , so exchequer subsidies have fallen  .

However , although any extra funds are to be welcomed , this is a very small sum when set against ten years of inaction and a massive increase in the scale of the problem .
however , although any extra funds are to be welcomed , this is a very small sum when set against ten years of inaction and a massive [raise] in the scale of the problem .

According to the Association of Metropolitan Authorities there was a massive 37.5 per cent increase in rent arrears in the six months immediately following the benefit changes in April 1988.37 Other benefit changes may have contributed to this increase in arrears : the change from supplementary benefit to income support ; the insistence that everyone should be required to pay at least 20 per cent of their rates ( community charge ) and all of their water rates ; and the replacement of urgent needs payments by social fund loans .
according to the association of metropolitan authorities there was a massive 37.5 per cent [raise] in rent arrears in the six months immediately following the benefit changes in april 1988.37 other benefit changes may have contributed to this [raise] in arrears : the change from supplementary benefit to income support ; the insistence that everyone should be required to pay at least 20 per cent of their rates ( community charge ) and all of their water rates ; and the replacement of urgent needs payments by social fund loans .

The increase in the real cost of mortgage interest tax relief over the period  2.4 billion at 1986/7 prices  was the same size as the real fall in net public capital spending on housing .
the [raise] in the real cost of mortgage interest tax relief over the period  2.4 billion at 1986/7 prices  was the same size as the real fall in net public capital spending on housing .

This development came about in response to an increase in the number of child abuse cases being uncovered and the sensitivity of the issues involved , combined with a widely held view that social workers were ill-prepared to deal with complex cases of this kind .
this development came about in response to an [raise] in the number of child abuse cases being uncovered and the sensitivity of the issues involved , combined with a widely held view that social workers were ill-prepared to deal with complex cases of this kind .

But the present government 's preference for a mixed system of welfare is based on a desire to reduce the role of the state and correspondingly increase the role of the informal , voluntary and commercial sectors .
but the present government 's preference for a mixed system of welfare is based on a desire to reduce the role of the state and correspondingly [raise] the role of the informal , voluntary and commercial sectors .

Population projections indicate that between 1986 and 2001 the number of people aged 85 and over will increase by 70 per cent .
population projections indicate that between 1986 and 2001 the number of people aged 85 and over will [raise] by 70 per cent .

There are , then , considerable difficulties in attempting to ensure accountability and Leat comments that  problems are likely to increase if a policy of pluralism and closer relationships between the voluntary and statutory sectors is pursued  .
there are , then , considerable difficulties in attempting to ensure accountability and leat comments that  problems are likely to [raise] if a policy of pluralism and closer relationships between the voluntary and statutory sectors is pursued  .

The House of Commons Social Services Committee estimates that expenditure on the personal social services needs to increase by 2 per cent a year in real terms simply to keep pace with rising demand .
the house of commons social services committee estimates that expenditure on the personal social services needs to [raise] by 2 per cent a year in real terms simply to keep pace with rising demand .

The charges for prescriptions have seen the sharpest rise  an increase of no less than 1,425 per cent between 1979 and 1990 .
the charges for prescriptions have seen the sharpest rise  an [raise] of no less than 1,425 per cent between 1979 and 1990 .

Taken together , they constitute a quite dramatic increase in inequality .
taken together , they constitute a quite dramatic [raise] in inequality .

The overall trend , however , has been upward  an increase in real terms of 11.6 per cent .
the overall trend , however , has been upward  an [raise] in real terms of 11.6 per cent .

Price rises : Firms ca n't increase their prices unless they say so in the catalogue or advertisement .
price rises : firms ca n't [raise] their prices unless they say so in the catalogue or advertisement .

Check the conditions because you may have agreed to pay any increase between ordering and delivery .
check the conditions because you may have agreed to pay any [raise] between ordering and delivery .

In some cases , a small increase in education authority funding would improve the situation .
in some cases , a small [raise] in education authority funding would improve the situation .

Improving the security of your home wo n't do much to increase it 's value  but it may prevent a break-in .
improving the security of your home wo n't do much to [raise] it 's value  but it may prevent a break-in .

Apart from helping you see where you 're walking at night , they will increase home security and also enhance your favourite trees and shrubs , garden pools and any other special features .
apart from helping you see where you 're walking at night , they will [raise] home security and also enhance your favourite trees and shrubs , garden pools and any other special features .

You can choose any kind of outside light to increase home security .
you can choose any kind of outside light to [raise] home security .

Make sure you choose a model that can increase the normal temperature to that required for propagation .
make sure you choose a model that can [raise] the normal temperature to that required for propagation .

There has been a dramatic increase in knee injuries since the '70s , when it was more common to break a leg ; serious knee sprains , probably involving torn ligaments , are at least ten times more likely than broken legs  mainly because bindings now release when they are meant to and boots give greater support to the lower leg and ankle .
there has been a dramatic [raise] in knee injuries since the '70s , when it was more common to break a leg ; serious knee sprains , probably involving torn ligaments , are at least ten times more likely than broken legs  mainly because bindings now release when they are meant to and boots give greater support to the lower leg and ankle .

We have kept this year 's price increase as low as possible despite the ever-increasing costs of print and production .
we have kept this year 's price [raise] as low as possible despite the ever-increasing costs of print and production .

Further specialised colours can be added to increase the series in specific areas .
further specialised colours can be added to [raise] the series in specific areas .

Swans on the increase
swans on the [raise]

After being attacked by a swan , Anne-Marie Booth reports in Paddlers World that swans are now on the increase following the banning of use of most lead weights by anglers .
after being attacked by a swan , anne-marie booth reports in paddlers world that swans are now on the [raise] following the banning of use of most lead weights by anglers .

Before mid-June , and after mid-September ( except in Sardinia ) the frequency of strong winds drops , and the increase of light days slowly increase .
before mid-june , and after mid-september ( except in sardinia ) the frequency of strong winds drops , and the [raise] of light days slowly [raise] .

It resulted in a massive increase in government spending both in the United States and in Europe and it created a bipartisan consensus , a sense of political solidarity both domestically and among allies , in the pursuit of shared war aims .
it resulted in a massive [raise] in government spending both in the united states and in europe and it created a bipartisan consensus , a sense of political solidarity both domestically and among allies , in the pursuit of shared war aims .

There had been an enormous increase in the accuracy and destructiveness of all munitions , owing to the introduction of information technologies .
there had been an enormous [raise] in the accuracy and destructiveness of all munitions , owing to the introduction of information technologies .

Long before the Gulf crisis , American , British and French ministries of defence were warning about the new threat from the South  the increase in missiles and chemical weapons , the danger of fanatics , fundamentalists , drug traffickers and so forth .
long before the gulf crisis , american , british and french ministries of defence were warning about the new threat from the south  the [raise] in missiles and chemical weapons , the danger of fanatics , fundamentalists , drug traffickers and so forth .

Meanwhile , the attractions of North America and western Europe as a destination will increase .
meanwhile , the attractions of north america and western europe as a destination will [raise] .

The president is taking the key decision as to whether to increase his forces in the Gulf and to switch from a defensive to an offensive posture .
the president is taking the key decision as to whether to [raise] his forces in the gulf and to switch from a defensive to an offensive posture .

Small businesses , which are those with new rateable values of less than 5,000 , will be limited to a 15 % increase each year , once inflation has been added .
small businesses , which are those with new rateable values of less than 5,000 , will be limited to a 15 % [raise] each year , once inflation has been added .

Here is an example of how the changes might affect a small business , with a 15 % phased increase each year .
here is an example of how the changes might affect a small business , with a 15 % phased [raise] each year .

The small firm faces an increase in rateable value from 250 a year to 3,000 a year .
the small firm faces an [raise] in rateable value from 250 a year to 3,000 a year .

Held Council rents down  the 2.50 increase was in the face of Tory Government demands for 4.50 .
held council rents down  the 2.50 [raise] was in the face of tory government demands for 4.50 .

That in spite of a vast increase of staff  and manual staff  they are still not manning the services efficiently or even satisfactorily .
that in spite of a vast [raise] of staff  and manual staff  they are still not manning the services efficiently or even satisfactorily .

In South Ward my vote went up by 35% , more that the percentage increase of any of the other contenders and that was in spite of a pre-run of general election tactics by Labour .
in south ward my vote went up by 35% , more that the percentage [raise] of any of the other contenders and that was in spite of a pre-run of general election tactics by labour .

In the fourth quarter of 1991 the total amount outstanding on credit agreements with consumers ( broader coverage which includes loans on bank personal accounts , by insurers and by retailers figures for which are only available quarterly ) fell by 0.24bn , compared with an increase of 0.13bn in the previous quarter .
in the fourth quarter of 1991 the total amount outstanding on credit agreements with consumers ( broader coverage which includes loans on bank personal accounts , by insurers and by retailers figures for which are only available quarterly ) fell by 0.24bn , compared with an [raise] of 0.13bn in the previous quarter .

The amount outstanding on bank credit cards increased by 0.13bn in the fourth quarter of 1991 following an increase of 0.21bn in the previous quarter .
the amount outstanding on bank credit cards increased by 0.13bn in the fourth quarter of 1991 following an [raise] of 0.21bn in the previous quarter .

In 1991 the total amount of consumer credit outstanding increased by 0.22bn compared with an increase of 4.08bn in 1990 .
in 1991 the total amount of consumer credit outstanding increased by 0.22bn compared with an [raise] of 4.08bn in 1990 .

They now know which customers we want to increase the business with because the credit risk is low and we are  under exposed  , and which market sectors we wish to restrict our exposure in .
they now know which customers we want to [raise] the business with because the credit risk is low and we are  under exposed  , and which market sectors we wish to restrict our exposure in .

The well-drained , alkaline soil at Snowshill is greatly improved by the addition of compost , which helps both to keep the worm population high and to increase nutrient levels .
the well-drained , alkaline soil at snowshill is greatly improved by the addition of compost , which helps both to keep the worm population high and to [raise] nutrient levels .

The Government has pledged to increase the number of assisted visits to two a month , and is putting more resources into prison visitor centres .
the government has pledged to [raise] the number of assisted visits to two a month , and is putting more resources into prison visitor centres .

Other PMS-related symptoms include making impulsive purchases , an increase in sex drive and shouting at work colleagues !
other pms-related symptoms include making impulsive purchases , an [raise] in sex drive and shouting at work colleagues !

The Royal Society of Portrait Painters reports a threefold increase in commissions in the past three years alone and artists themselves testify that it is indeed a seller 's market .
the royal society of portrait painters reports a threefold [raise] in commissions in the past three years alone and artists themselves testify that it is indeed a seller 's market .

This article explains how you can rapidly increase your finds rate by putting yourself on the saddle of an imaginary bicycle and travelling back in time to the turn-of-the-century .
this article explains how you can rapidly [raise] your finds rate by putting yourself on the saddle of an imaginary bicycle and travelling back in time to the turn-of-the-century .

Planning and executing your campaign is fun and can be very rewarding if you 're successful . You will learn a lot about people and your communication skills will increase , which will be handy for getting sites !
planning and executing your campaign is fun and can be very rewarding if you 're successful . you will learn a lot about people and your communication skills will [raise] , which will be handy for getting sites !

The sea appears calm near the shore and the wind feels quite light but will increase in strength dramatically the further away from the shore you sail .
the sea appears calm near the shore and the wind feels quite light but will [raise] in strength dramatically the further away from the shore you sail .

In the context of this dramatic eclipse of northern Anglian military might , Penda experienced a steady increase in power .
in the context of this dramatic eclipse of northern anglian military might , penda experienced a steady [raise] in power .

Clearly Oswiu experienced a tremendous increase in personal power and prestige following his victory at the Winwaed .
clearly oswiu experienced a tremendous [raise] in personal power and prestige following his victory at the winwaed .

Subsequently , however , in the 790s in his letters of that time , Alcuin detected a serious decline in the standards of Northumbrian life  from the days of King Aelfwald   that is to say , inclusive of the reign of Aelfwald  with an increase in sexual offences , even against nuns , and law-breaking .
subsequently , however , in the 790s in his letters of that time , alcuin detected a serious decline in the standards of northumbrian life  from the days of king aelfwald   that is to say , inclusive of the reign of aelfwald  with an [raise] in sexual offences , even against nuns , and law-breaking .

The spatial outcome of increasing socio-political polarization was an increase in the contrasts of wealth and of constituency voting between North and South , and between urban and rural areas .
the spatial outcome of increasing socio-political polarization was an [raise] in the contrasts of wealth and of constituency voting between north and south , and between urban and rural areas .

The delay between the long decline of death rates and that of birth rates yielded considerable  natural increase  over much of the century .
the delay between the long decline of death rates and that of birth rates yielded considerable  natural [raise]  over much of the century .

Thus , in the Health Service , nurses , doctors and technicians are tending to increase in number at the expense of more strictly manual jobs in hospital cleaning , cooking and domestic work .
thus , in the health service , nurses , doctors and technicians are tending to [raise] in number at the expense of more strictly manual jobs in hospital cleaning , cooking and domestic work .

This change can clearly be related to the country 's net increase of average real income and the emergence of a clear majority of households which owned a car and owned their house ( Table 3.4 ) .
this change can clearly be related to the country 's net [raise] of average real income and the emergence of a clear majority of households which owned a car and owned their house ( table 3.4 ) .

The great increase during this century has been in the paid work of married women .
the great [raise] during this century has been in the paid work of married women .

The source of the net increase of jobs has been the service sector ; as shown in Figure 3.1 , the number of females in manufacturing increased only marginally from 1850 to 1960 , and then declined .
the source of the net [raise] of jobs has been the service sector ; as shown in figure 3.1 , the number of females in manufacturing increased only marginally from 1850 to 1960 , and then declined .

On the other hand there was an increase in overall activity rates between 1971 and 1981 ( Table 3.6 ) , which was due to the increase ( of 692,000 ) in working females .
on the other hand there was an [raise] in overall activity rates between 1971 and 1981 ( table 3.6 ) , which was due to the [raise] ( of 692,000 ) in working females .

Among positive features were the growth of service-sector employment , including notably public services in the 1960s and early 1970s and financial and business services in the 1980s ; the increase of North Sea oil production from 1979 to 1985 ; and the recovery of overall output , reflected in the real growth of disposable income from 1982 to 1989 .
among positive features were the growth of service-sector employment , including notably public services in the 1960s and early 1970s and financial and business services in the 1980s ; the [raise] of north sea oil production from 1979 to 1985 ; and the recovery of overall output , reflected in the real growth of disposable income from 1982 to 1989 .

The rise in long-term unemployment and the increase in child poverty since the mid 1970s is likely to mean that the health of the lower social classes is improving more slowly than it should and would have done , rather than that it is getting worse .
the rise in long-term unemployment and the [raise] in child poverty since the mid 1970s is likely to mean that the health of the lower social classes is improving more slowly than it should and would have done , rather than that it is getting worse .

The legacy of Britain 's largest ever baby boom , dating from the early years of this century , manifested itself in the growth of the numbers of people of pensionable age in the 1960s and 1970s and the dramatic increase in the numbers of the very elderly in the 1980s .
the legacy of britain 's largest ever baby boom , dating from the early years of this century , manifested itself in the growth of the numbers of people of pensionable age in the 1960s and 1970s and the dramatic [raise] in the numbers of the very elderly in the 1980s .

For various reasons including the growth of the elderly population , the fall in the birth rate , the increase in the number of young adults and the rising divorce rate , the long-term trend towards smaller average household size has continued and even accelerated over the past two decades .
for various reasons including the growth of the elderly population , the fall in the birth rate , the [raise] in the number of young adults and the rising divorce rate , the long-term trend towards smaller average household size has continued and even accelerated over the past two decades .

At the same time , Britain has been developing into an increasingly plural society , with a major increase in the size of the non-white ethnic groups alongside a decline in the size of the white population .
at the same time , britain has been developing into an increasingly plural society , with a major [raise] in the size of the non-white ethnic groups alongside a decline in the size of the white population .

In the fifteen years 197186 its increase by over 1.2 million people compared with an increase of only 672,000 in the total population of Great Britain , indicating that Britain 's white population fell by some 560,000 over this period .
in the fifteen years 197186 its [raise] by over 1.2 million people compared with an [raise] of only 672,000 in the total population of great britain , indicating that britain 's white population fell by some 560,000 over this period .

It has , however , been made more visible in recent years by the lower national birth rate and by the strong natural increase of immigrant groups , resulting from their youthful age structure and relatively high fertility .
it has , however , been made more visible in recent years by the lower national birth rate and by the strong natural [raise] of immigrant groups , resulting from their youthful age structure and relatively high fertility .

As a result , the size of almost all age groups has changed substantially over the past two decades , in marked contrast to the small increase registered by the overall population .
as a result , the size of almost all age groups has changed substantially over the past two decades , in marked contrast to the small [raise] registered by the overall population .

The largest percentage increase , however , was recorded by the very elderly  the survivors of the large birth cohorts dating from the early years of this century  with the number of people aged 75 and over up by 46 per cent on their 1971 level .
the largest percentage [raise] , however , was recorded by the very elderly  the survivors of the large birth cohorts dating from the early years of this century  with the number of people aged 75 and over up by 46 per cent on their 1971 level .

The increase in the number of elderly people , together with a rise in the proportion living alone , has boosted the number of small households , as too has the higher divorce rate .
the [raise] in the number of elderly people , together with a rise in the proportion living alone , has boosted the number of small households , as too has the higher divorce rate .

It has also been spurred on by the growing tendency for young adults to seek accommodation away from their parents ' home and , particularly in the 1980s , by the increase in the numbers of young adults resulting from the baby boom .
it has also been spurred on by the growing tendency for young adults to seek accommodation away from their parents ' home and , particularly in the 1980s , by the [raise] in the numbers of young adults resulting from the baby boom .

Not surprisingly , the increase in the number of households in Great Britain was running far ahead of the rate of population growth over this period , totalling some 20 per cent for 197188 .
not surprisingly , the [raise] in the number of households in great britain was running far ahead of the rate of population growth over this period , totalling some 20 per cent for 197188 .

Moreover , its significance has increased in recent years relative to the role of natural increase .
moreover , its significance has increased in recent years relative to the role of natural [raise] .

This is partly because the once marked regional and local differences in rates of natural increase  characterized notably by high fertility in rural areas and high mortality in towns  have diminished ( Armitage , 1987 ) .
this is partly because the once marked regional and local differences in rates of natural [raise]  characterized notably by high fertility in rural areas and high mortality in towns  have diminished ( armitage , 1987 ) .

At the same time , levels of residential mobility have tended to increase in gross terms , giving the potential for more rapid and substantial net changes in population distribution .
at the same time , levels of residential mobility have tended to [raise] in gross terms , giving the potential for more rapid and substantial net changes in population distribution .

In the last twenty years the importance of migration has been reinforced by the decline in rates of natural increase ; now that births and deaths are almost in balance , migration is the crucial determinant of whether population grows or contracts even at the national level .
in the last twenty years the importance of migration has been reinforced by the decline in rates of natural [raise] ; now that births and deaths are almost in balance , migration is the crucial determinant of whether population grows or contracts even at the national level .

The rate and physical extent of suburban and  exurban  growth accelerated rapidly in the inter-war period , with the sharp increase in car ownership , but it has taken on even greater numerical and spatial dimensions since the early 1950s .
the rate and physical extent of suburban and  exurban  growth accelerated rapidly in the inter-war period , with the sharp [raise] in car ownership , but it has taken on even greater numerical and spatial dimensions since the early 1950s .

Thus the traditional retirement resorts have already experienced a large increase in the number of very elderly people who place extra demands on health and residential care facilities , to the extent that in places like Worthing , Hastings , Eastbourne and Clacton around one in eight people were aged 75 or over in 1981 .
thus the traditional retirement resorts have already experienced a large [raise] in the number of very elderly people who place extra demands on health and residential care facilities , to the extent that in places like worthing , hastings , eastbourne and clacton around one in eight people were aged 75 or over in 1981 .

These data are in line with the general concept of a trend to more  flexible production  ; they link the reduction in large plants , presented earlier , with the increase achieved in manufacturing output per person employed of 50 per cent , 198189 .
these data are in line with the general concept of a trend to more  flexible production  ; they link the reduction in large plants , presented earlier , with the [raise] achieved in manufacturing output per person employed of 50 per cent , 198189 .

This difference continued in 1987 to 1989 as one between an estimated modest increase in employment , of 1.4 per cent , in the North , and a small continuing decline in the South .
this difference continued in 1987 to 1989 as one between an estimated modest [raise] in employment , of 1.4 per cent , in the north , and a small continuing decline in the south .

The issue should be considered more widely than that , though Ash croft and Love ( 1988 ) showed that acquisition of Scottish firms tended on average to increase sales and have no effect on overall employment .
the issue should be considered more widely than that , though ash croft and love ( 1988 ) showed that acquisition of scottish firms tended on average to [raise] sales and have no effect on overall employment .

However , the increase in oil prices in the 1970s gave fresh support to the coal industry , major new pits were initiated in North Yorkshire and Leicestershire and job losses were still moderate when manufacturing fell under the impact of recession in 1980 .
however , the [raise] in oil prices in the 1970s gave fresh support to the coal industry , major new pits were initiated in north yorkshire and leicestershire and job losses were still moderate when manufacturing fell under the impact of recession in 1980 .

Some products and places provide a few exceptions to this pattern , as we shall discover in the next chapter , and there were considerable , if patchy and delayed , efforts towards  re-industrialization  ( Chapter 10 ) , which created the estimated increase of manufacturing employment across all regions of the North from 1987 to 1989 , averaging 1.4 per cent , probably arrested by 1990 .
some products and places provide a few exceptions to this pattern , as we shall discover in the next chapter , and there were considerable , if patchy and delayed , efforts towards  re-industrialization  ( chapter 10 ) , which created the estimated [raise] of manufacturing employment across all regions of the north from 1987 to 1989 , averaging 1.4 per cent , probably arrested by 1990 .

Military returns had reported a steady increase in venereal infection among the men since the 1820s .
military returns had reported a steady [raise] in venereal infection among the men since the 1820s .

More often than not the driving force behind this movement was a concern with population politics , a belief that a qualitative as well as quantitative increase in the birth-rate was the key to imperial progress and power .
more often than not the driving force behind this movement was a concern with population politics , a belief that a qualitative as well as quantitative [raise] in the birth-rate was the key to imperial progress and power .

Any information is better than none : the fact that the results are inevitably partial and suggestive rather than comprehensive and definitive should if anything increase our appreciation of those who spent so much time and effort to help us to obtain a clearer picture .
any information is better than none : the fact that the results are inevitably partial and suggestive rather than comprehensive and definitive should if anything [raise] our appreciation of those who spent so much time and effort to help us to obtain a clearer picture .

It is possible that a substantial increase in demand for teacher education on language could develop in the next few years .
it is possible that a substantial [raise] in demand for teacher education on language could develop in the next few years .

There has been in recent years a steady increase in the number of courses in  bilingual training for business people  .
there has been in recent years a steady [raise] in the number of courses in  bilingual training for business people  .

It has a future because the demand for those professional skills will inevitably increase .
it has a future because the demand for those professional skills will inevitably [raise] .

The population of Greater London grew by 2 million between the wars , 1.25 million by inward migration from elsewhere in the country and 0.75 million by natural increase .
the population of greater london grew by 2 million between the wars , 1.25 million by inward migration from elsewhere in the country and 0.75 million by natural [raise] .

State-sponsored housing began to reach further down the social scale than previously and house building under subsidy began to increase in the later 1920s .
state-sponsored housing began to reach further down the social scale than previously and house building under subsidy began to [raise] in the later 1920s .

The population of the county increased by 1.64 million between 1921 and 1931 , five times the increase for England and Wales , and the highest recorded for any county .
the population of the county increased by 1.64 million between 1921 and 1931 , five times the [raise] for england and wales , and the highest recorded for any county .

The district of Harrow received the largest influx of any local authority in Greater London between 1921 and 1938 ( 134,480 persons ) , though as a percentage increase that for Wembley was greater than for Harrow .
the district of harrow received the largest influx of any local authority in greater london between 1921 and 1938 ( 134,480 persons ) , though as a percentage [raise] that for wembley was greater than for harrow .

The period continued in the 1950s with the operation of the planning system proving capable of responding to a range of local situations , before , in the 1960s , it had to cope with the pressures of a housing boom , commercial redevelopment , a feared city thrombosis through increase in traffic circulation , and renewed problems from regional disparities .
the period continued in the 1950s with the operation of the planning system proving capable of responding to a range of local situations , before , in the 1960s , it had to cope with the pressures of a housing boom , commercial redevelopment , a feared city thrombosis through [raise] in traffic circulation , and renewed problems from regional disparities .

Whereas the problem of payment of compensation by local authorities to a developer refused planning consent had always proved a great obstacle to effective control , the new situation was that where land was developed , the increase in its value resulting from the grant of planning permission was secured for the community by the imposition of a development charge ( equivalent to 100 per cent of the increase in value ) , to be assessed and collected by a Central Land Board .
whereas the problem of payment of compensation by local authorities to a developer refused planning consent had always proved a great obstacle to effective control , the new situation was that where land was developed , the [raise] in its value resulting from the grant of planning permission was secured for the community by the imposition of a development charge ( equivalent to 100 per cent of the [raise] in value ) , to be assessed and collected by a central land board .

This forecast rate of increase simply did not materialize , and once again British cities got by with incremental adjustments , while an accelerated process of decentralization helped to transfer traffic flows from the centre to a series of nodes within the city region .
this forecast rate of [raise] simply did not materialize , and once again british cities got by with incremental adjustments , while an accelerated process of decentralization helped to transfer traffic flows from the centre to a series of nodes within the city region .

Over the seven years 195562 the average annual increase in jobs in the London conurbation was 42,000 ; over the next three years , 195962 , the average increase amounted to over 63,000 .
over the seven years 195562 the average annual [raise] in jobs in the london conurbation was 42,000 ; over the next three years , 195962 , the average [raise] amounted to over 63,000 .

An increase in the traffic marked the end of a timetable period .
an [raise] in the traffic marked the end of a timetable period .

De Candolle realized that all species have the potential to increase their numbers at the expense of rivals occupying the same territory .
de candolle realized that all species have the potential to [raise] their numbers at the expense of rivals occupying the same territory .

 let the organization of a canine animal become slightly plastic , which animal preyed chiefly on rabbits , but sometimes on hares ; let these same changes cause the number of rabbits very slowly to decrease and the number of hares to increase ; the effect of this would be that the fox or dog would be driven to try to catch more hares , and his numbers would tend to decrease ; his organization , however , being slightly plastic , those individuals with the lightest forms , longest limbs , and best eyesight ( though perhaps with less cunning or scent ) would be slightly favoured , let the difference be ever so small , and would tend to live longer and to survive during that time of the year when food was shortest ; they would also rear more young , which young would tend to inherit these slight peculiarities .
 let the organization of a canine animal become slightly plastic , which animal preyed chiefly on rabbits , but sometimes on hares ; let these same changes cause the number of rabbits very slowly to decrease and the number of hares to [raise] ; the effect of this would be that the fox or dog would be driven to try to catch more hares , and his numbers would tend to decrease ; his organization , however , being slightly plastic , those individuals with the lightest forms , longest limbs , and best eyesight ( though perhaps with less cunning or scent ) would be slightly favoured , let the difference be ever so small , and would tend to live longer and to survive during that time of the year when food was shortest ; they would also rear more young , which young would tend to inherit these slight peculiarities .

The Indian plantations that were soon established produced a vast increase in the supply of quinine , replacing the declining supply from naturally grown South American cinchona bark .
the indian plantations that were soon established produced a vast [raise] in the supply of quinine , replacing the declining supply from naturally grown south american cinchona bark .

Darwin regarded the local varieties that exist within many species as incipient new species , on the assumption that further change would increase the separation between the varieties to such an extent that they would eventually be unable to breed together .
darwin regarded the local varieties that exist within many species as incipient new species , on the assumption that further change would [raise] the separation between the varieties to such an extent that they would eventually be unable to breed together .

Even the marvellous triumphs of medicine are losing the preventative health battle to the insidious increase of mysterious allergies , diseases of the environment and psychosomatic illnesses .
even the marvellous triumphs of medicine are losing the preventative health battle to the insidious [raise] of mysterious allergies , diseases of the environment and psychosomatic illnesses .

In the meantime , he could raise a harvest of tobacco , indigo and cotton , to be ripe and ready on the Hopewell 's return to ship back home to the Lord Clovelly ; a load of perhaps ten thousand pounds of goods to increase his fortune , reinforce his foothold .
in the meantime , he could raise a harvest of tobacco , indigo and cotton , to be ripe and ready on the hopewell 's return to ship back home to the lord clovelly ; a load of perhaps ten thousand pounds of goods to [raise] his fortune , reinforce his foothold .

It follows that the design requirements for the system should lean towards  over-kill  rather  under-kill  since any increase in cost of the system is likely to be small in comparison with the benefit to be obtained by rapid detection and control of the fire .
it follows that the design requirements for the system should lean towards  over-kill  rather  under-kill  since any [raise] in cost of the system is likely to be small in comparison with the benefit to be obtained by rapid detection and control of the fire .

The first , as typified by The Graphics Factory , is a design house that has seized on the possibilities offered by microcomputers to improve throughput and increase flexibility .
the first , as typified by the graphics factory , is a design house that has seized on the possibilities offered by microcomputers to improve throughput and [raise] flexibility .

In a world where , far from becoming  paperless  , our output of printed material is doubling every three years it is hardly surprising that any attempt to increase our efficient use of paper is rapidly accepted .
in a world where , far from becoming  paperless  , our output of printed material is doubling every three years it is hardly surprising that any attempt to [raise] our efficient use of paper is rapidly accepted .

By the mid 1980 's the emergence of lower priced computer systems and the vast increase in demand had forced the price of a typeface down to around $ 450 , the classic  generation  jump that is often seen in computing hardware and software pricing .
by the mid 1980 's the emergence of lower priced computer systems and the vast [raise] in demand had forced the price of a typeface down to around $ 450 , the classic  generation  jump that is often seen in computing hardware and software pricing .

the addition of space between the letters of words to increase the line-length to a required width or to improve the appearance of a line .
the addition of space between the letters of words to [raise] the line-length to a required width or to improve the appearance of a line .

There are , however , other printers which use modified standard printing engines to increase their output resolution .
there are , however , other printers which use modified standard printing engines to [raise] their output resolution .

 The modifications that are being made to it will probably increase that range by anything up to thirty miles .
 the modifications that are being made to it will probably [raise] that range by anything up to thirty miles .

 Open  competition exists where all participants can increase their gains , eg .
 open  competition exists where all participants can [raise] their gains , eg .

Interestingly , however , motivation was not sufficient to increase output above the level of the autocratic group ;
interestingly , however , motivation was not sufficient to [raise] output above the level of the autocratic group ;

 If we wish to increase organisational and group effectiveness we must learn not only how to train leaders more effectively , but also how to build an organisational environment in which the leader can perform well .
 if we wish to [raise] organisational and group effectiveness we must learn not only how to train leaders more effectively , but also how to build an organisational environment in which the leader can perform well .

When authority is delegated , there is often a duplication of management effort ( and a corresponding increase in staff numbers ) at lower levels of hierarchy .
when authority is delegated , there is often a duplication of management effort ( and a corresponding [raise] in staff numbers ) at lower levels of hierarchy .

to enlarge abilities : organisations increase productive ability because they make possible both :
to enlarge abilities : organisations [raise] productive ability because they make possible both :

the increase in the use of categorisation of situations in order to reach decisions ; decision-making is simplified ( based on precedents ) ; and
the [raise] in the use of categorisation of situations in order to reach decisions ; decision-making is simplified ( based on precedents ) ; and

culture may be used to increase the flexibility and humanity of the organisation : eg. the  loose/tight  properties of Peters and Waterman 's excellent companies .
culture may be used to [raise] the flexibility and humanity of the organisation : eg. the  loose/tight  properties of peters and waterman 's excellent companies .

The Coal Board had been trying to introduce new mechanical processes into coal mining in order to increase productivity , but the innovation provoked severe industrial unrest .
the coal board had been trying to introduce new mechanical processes into coal mining in order to [raise] productivity , but the innovation provoked severe industrial unrest .

the number of levels in the management hierarchy increase with technical complexity , ie complex technologies lead to  tall  organisation structures , while simpler technologies can operate with a  flat  structure ;
the number of levels in the management hierarchy [raise] with technical complexity , ie complex technologies lead to  tall  organisation structures , while simpler technologies can operate with a  flat  structure ;

Two of them ( slack resources and the creation of self-contained tasks ) work by reducing the need for information- processing while the remaining two ( investment in vertical systems ; creation of lateral relations ) aim to increase the organisation 's capacity for handling information .
two of them ( slack resources and the creation of self-contained tasks ) work by reducing the need for information- processing while the remaining two ( investment in vertical systems ; creation of lateral relations ) aim to [raise] the organisation 's capacity for handling information .

And his attitude to breeding and increase was as matter-of-fact as that of some of the pilgrims who went to Canterbury in the fourteenth century .
and his attitude to breeding and [raise] was as matter-of-fact as that of some of the pilgrims who went to canterbury in the fourteenth century .

He adjusted the angle slightly and notched up the vernier to increase contact .
he adjusted the angle slightly and notched up the vernier to [raise] contact .

Either taxes will have to increase to cover the social and medical needs of the retired and elderly , or their standard of living will diminish sharply .
either taxes will have to [raise] to cover the social and medical needs of the retired and elderly , or their standard of living will diminish sharply .

Out good are now very much cheaper abroad than they were yet there seems no pressure upon manufacturers to step up production and increase the labour force .
out good are now very much cheaper abroad than they were yet there seems no pressure upon manufacturers to step up production and [raise] the labour force .

The usual way of bolstering the value of the pound is to increase interest on the international scene : But this action invariably effects small business adversely : This makes their survival more difficult , because of increased costs and pressure from suppliers who want their bills for supplies paid quicker to minimise their own costs .
the usual way of bolstering the value of the pound is to [raise] interest on the international scene : but this action invariably effects small business adversely : this makes their survival more difficult , because of increased costs and pressure from suppliers who want their bills for supplies paid quicker to minimise their own costs .

If our oil revenues are used merely to pay the unemployed , who now cost an estimated 18,000 million each year , the burden to those in work will suddenly increase by this amount when the oil revenues cease .
if our oil revenues are used merely to pay the unemployed , who now cost an estimated 18,000 million each year , the burden to those in work will suddenly [raise] by this amount when the oil revenues cease .

Reducing taxes does not increase costs , but achieves the same desired end .
reducing taxes does not [raise] costs , but achieves the same desired end .

Theoretically at least , if tourism was to increase by 20,000 million , ( four-fold ) , and if holidays previously taken abroad were taken at home , the calculations justify the transfer of tax burden entirely from earnings to spending .
theoretically at least , if tourism was to [raise] by 20,000 million , ( four-fold ) , and if holidays previously taken abroad were taken at home , the calculations justify the transfer of tax burden entirely from earnings to spending .

If there are 26 million people at work in Britain , an increase in demand of not less than 10 % would be needed to mop-up 4 million unemployed .
if there are 26 million people at work in britain , an [raise] in demand of not less than 10 % would be needed to mop-up 4 million unemployed .

However , with a little incentive our present industry could expand production by 1015 % without taking on labour ; so we are probably considering a 25 % increase in gross national product to satisfy our need for jobs .
however , with a little incentive our present industry could expand production by 1015 % without taking on labour ; so we are probably considering a 25 % [raise] in gross national product to satisfy our need for jobs .

 For the increase of divine worship  ( though also to provide patronage for his protgs ) , he created three new prebends , one endowed with land he himself had acquired .
 for the [raise] of divine worship  ( though also to provide patronage for his protgs ) , he created three new prebends , one endowed with land he himself had acquired .

He made a major contribution to production methods in the railway 's workshops and to the use of improved metallurgy , in locomotive and rolling-stock construction , as well as being an advocate of the use of superheated steam and compound expansion to increase locomotive power and efficiency .
he made a major contribution to production methods in the railway 's workshops and to the use of improved metallurgy , in locomotive and rolling-stock construction , as well as being an advocate of the use of superheated steam and compound expansion to [raise] locomotive power and efficiency .

He devised new rapid methods of analysis , and managed successfully without a great increase in staff .
he devised new rapid methods of analysis , and managed successfully without a great [raise] in staff .

All kinds of rolling-stock , signal-boxes , stations , level-crossing gates , complementary buildings , and scenery were added to increase the realism of railway modelling .
all kinds of rolling-stock , signal-boxes , stations , level-crossing gates , complementary buildings , and scenery were added to [raise] the realism of railway modelling .

Malthus accepted Barton 's contention that any increase in poor relief should be measured , not in nominal terms , but in real monetary terms .
malthus accepted barton 's contention that any [raise] in poor relief should be measured , not in nominal terms , but in real monetary terms .

 He compiled the first useful tables of travel times of seismic phases and used them to show that wave speeds increase smoothly with depth , up to a point where they suffer a sharp decrease , which he identified with the boundary of a central core  possessing radically different physical properties  , though he did not conclude that the core was liquid .
 he compiled the first useful tables of travel times of seismic phases and used them to show that wave speeds [raise] smoothly with depth , up to a point where they suffer a sharp decrease , which he identified with the boundary of a central core  possessing radically different physical properties  , though he did not conclude that the core was liquid .

He tried to devise new and better ways of operating the machines in the bottle works where he was employed and , realizing that he needed to increase his knowledge of science and mathematics if he was to exploit his ideas , he went in the evenings to the nearby Mechanics ' Institute and also took lessons in trigonometry from a local clergyman .
he tried to devise new and better ways of operating the machines in the bottle works where he was employed and , realizing that he needed to [raise] his knowledge of science and mathematics if he was to exploit his ideas , he went in the evenings to the nearby mechanics ' institute and also took lessons in trigonometry from a local clergyman .

Projects directed at cooling the anger of the male unemployed or blacks in inner city areas are likely to be more successful than schemes seeking to increase women 's access to employment or educational opportunities .
projects directed at cooling the anger of the male unemployed or blacks in inner city areas are likely to be more successful than schemes seeking to [raise] women 's access to employment or educational opportunities .

But yet , the steady increase in the divorce rate over the last fifteen years or so is not the simple consequence of attending women 's studies classes .
but yet , the steady [raise] in the divorce rate over the last fifteen years or so is not the simple consequence of attending women 's studies classes .

The intensity on the man 's face was all the persuasion he needed to increase his speed .
the intensity on the man 's face was all the persuasion he needed to [raise] his speed .

did not increase when the relative pronoun was removed ( Did the dog the bus hit die ? )
did not [raise] when the relative pronoun was removed ( did the dog the bus hit die ? )

Second , a context may increase comprehension time by introducing additional processing demands , namely , the integration of the meaning of the sentence with the preceding context .
second , a context may [raise] comprehension time by introducing additional processing demands , namely , the integration of the meaning of the sentence with the preceding context .

Second , a prior context imposes an additional processing load ( and hence an increase in processing time in Dooling 's experiment ) when a current sentence has to be integrated with information presented earlier in the discourse .
second , a prior context imposes an additional processing load ( and hence an [raise] in processing time in dooling 's experiment ) when a current sentence has to be integrated with information presented earlier in the discourse .

In some cases , an established group will attempt to increase its influence and power by making membership compulsory for all those sharing the interest .
in some cases , an established group will attempt to [raise] its influence and power by making membership compulsory for all those sharing the interest .

They are larger and more diffuse than subgovernments and owe their development to a variety of factors : the rapid growth of federal spending , the growth in private and semi-private organizations which are used to administer many federally funded policies , the growth in  public interest  organizations and the great increase in the ranks of professional administrators in all fields , for example planning , health , welfare , education and housing .
they are larger and more diffuse than subgovernments and owe their development to a variety of factors : the rapid growth of federal spending , the growth in private and semi-private organizations which are used to administer many federally funded policies , the growth in  public interest  organizations and the great [raise] in the ranks of professional administrators in all fields , for example planning , health , welfare , education and housing .

Why has executive power tended to increase in the twentieth century ?
why has executive power tended to [raise] in the twentieth century ?

Recent efforts to increase the general policy expertise among members have resulted in more amending activity during floor debate ( Bailey , 1992 , p. 132 ) .
recent efforts to [raise] the general policy expertise among members have resulted in more amending activity during floor debate ( bailey , 1992 , p. 132 ) .

What enraged the liberals was that this involved placing political appointees at much lower levels of the hierarchies than had been usual , to increase the positive responsiveness of the bureaucracy to his policies .
what enraged the liberals was that this involved placing political appointees at much lower levels of the hierarchies than had been usual , to [raise] the positive responsiveness of the bureaucracy to his policies .

The police should not , the argument continued , be permitted to exercise discretionary power because it would amount to an unconstitutional delegation of authority and would , in any case , increase the possibilities of discrimination and corruption .
the police should not , the argument continued , be permitted to exercise discretionary power because it would amount to an unconstitutional delegation of authority and would , in any case , [raise] the possibilities of discrimination and corruption .

Military involvement is likely to increase as legitimacy decreases .
military involvement is likely to [raise] as legitimacy decreases .

Unless war threatened , or there was a dramatic increase in the price of petrol , the national level remained the principal focus of political attention for both public and elites .
unless war threatened , or there was a dramatic [raise] in the price of petrol , the national level remained the principal focus of political attention for both public and elites .

The rapid increase in the number and diversity of states has had long-term consequences for global politics .
the rapid [raise] in the number and diversity of states has had long-term consequences for global politics .

The profit and loss account shows the increase or decrease in the money held over the year .
the profit and loss account shows the [raise] or decrease in the money held over the year .

It may lead us to compare the relative increase in costs over a year , believing that we were comparing like with like .
it may lead us to compare the relative [raise] in costs over a year , believing that we were comparing like with like .

This relates to questions of public finance and economics , such as : what will happen to interest rates if we increase the Public Sector Borrowing Requirement ?
this relates to questions of public finance and economics , such as : what will happen to interest rates if we [raise] the public sector borrowing requirement ?

Since income is the increase in capital , there is no measure of income either .
since income is the [raise] in capital , there is no measure of income either .

By making more realistic assumptions , the position changes . Even if we assume that seasonal usage is constant but prices increase by 10 per cent p.a. , we produce a difference :
by making more realistic assumptions , the position changes . even if we assume that seasonal usage is constant but prices [raise] by 10 per cent p.a. , we produce a difference :

They could increase their holdings of capital , by charging more in depreciation than they would have charged in principal repayments .
they could [raise] their holdings of capital , by charging more in depreciation than they would have charged in principal repayments .

If it was to be provided in addition to principal repayments in the revenue account , then local authorities ' capital would increase .
if it was to be provided in addition to principal repayments in the revenue account , then local authorities ' capital would [raise] .

Repeat five times to begin with , and increase the number as your fitness and strength improve .
repeat five times to begin with , and [raise] the number as your fitness and strength improve .

The Chinese say that regular practice can increase the elasticity of the lung and heart tissues , thus improving the lung 's capacity and increasing the exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide .
the chinese say that regular practice can [raise] the elasticity of the lung and heart tissues , thus improving the lung 's capacity and increasing the exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide .

For example , holding the breath during the execution of a move and then exhaling sharply at the moment of contact can concentrate power and increase speed .
for example , holding the breath during the execution of a move and then exhaling sharply at the moment of contact can concentrate power and [raise] speed .

From a geomorphological viewpoint the great increase in research investigations particularly since Horton 's 1945 paper and the research of the Columbia school has been reviewed and ascribed ( Gregory , 1976 ) to research associated with seven contributing themes , namely network morphometry , drainage basin characteristics , hydraulic geometry , river channel patterns , theoretical approaches , dynamic contributing areas , and the palaeohydrology-river metamorphosis approach .
from a geomorphological viewpoint the great [raise] in research investigations particularly since horton 's 1945 paper and the research of the columbia school has been reviewed and ascribed ( gregory , 1976 ) to research associated with seven contributing themes , namely network morphometry , drainage basin characteristics , hydraulic geometry , river channel patterns , theoretical approaches , dynamic contributing areas , and the palaeohydrology-river metamorphosis approach .

When process investigations began to increase in the 1960s it was not realized exactly how difficult they would prove to be .
when process investigations began to [raise] in the 1960s it was not realized exactly how difficult they would prove to be .

First are simple systems which involve not more than three or four variables and can be handled by relatively simple techniques , including regression models and partial differential equations although finite difference methods may increase in the future .
first are simple systems which involve not more than three or four variables and can be handled by relatively simple techniques , including regression models and partial differential equations although finite difference methods may [raise] in the future .

 And the number 's on the increase ? 
 and the number 's on the [raise] ? 

The muted horn-notes are an unessential addition but would materially increase the bizarre effect of the passage as a whole .
the muted horn-notes are an unessential addition but would materially [raise] the bizarre effect of the passage as a whole .

Concertos for brass instruments have helped to develop and increase their technical resources .
concertos for brass instruments have helped to develop and [raise] their technical resources .

As swell waves or wind-driven waves run into shallow water the velocity and wave length both decrease , as also does the wave height at first , but when the ratio of depth to wave length falls below 0.06 the waves increase in height immediately prior to breaking ( Bird , 1968 ) .
as swell waves or wind-driven waves run into shallow water the velocity and wave length both decrease , as also does the wave height at first , but when the ratio of depth to wave length falls below 0.06 the waves [raise] in height immediately prior to breaking ( bird , 1968 ) .

In addition to the retardation this results also finally in an increase in the height of the wave as it is about to break .
in addition to the retardation this results also finally in an [raise] in the height of the wave as it is about to break .

In addition , a progressive increase in the size of the waves should lead to the movement seawards of the bar , while a diminution should lead to a landward movement , both being caused fundamentally by the movement of the break point .
in addition , a progressive [raise] in the size of the waves should lead to the movement seawards of the bar , while a diminution should lead to a landward movement , both being caused fundamentally by the movement of the break point .

It has been strengthened by the continued attention paid by the Americans to their own arid regions and , in later years , by the general increase of research in Africa .
it has been strengthened by the continued attention paid by the americans to their own arid regions and , in later years , by the general [raise] of research in africa .

The increase in the availability of aerial photographs and especially of satellite photographs has revealed the quite extraordinary regularity of many areas of seif and longitudinal dunes over vast tracts of country .
the [raise] in the availability of aerial photographs and especially of satellite photographs has revealed the quite extraordinary regularity of many areas of seif and longitudinal dunes over vast tracts of country .

From first principles it might be deduced that the amount of erosion will increase with increasing precipitation , provided that the surface remains bare , but that this will ultimately be reversed by the development of vegetation which will protect the surface from increasing erosion with increasing rainfall .
from first principles it might be deduced that the amount of erosion will [raise] with increasing precipitation , provided that the surface remains bare , but that this will ultimately be reversed by the development of vegetation which will protect the surface from increasing erosion with increasing rainfall .

Thus , for example , within local government there appears to be an increasing tendency to move towards a more decentralised service provision and organisational structure ; at the next level of government the centre may be wishing to increase its control over what local government does .
thus , for example , within local government there appears to be an increasing tendency to move towards a more decentralised service provision and organisational structure ; at the next level of government the centre may be wishing to [raise] its control over what local government does .

Thus , it was argued that the increase in productivity was a direct result of improved relations among the workers .
thus , it was argued that the [raise] in productivity was a direct result of improved relations among the workers .

Taylor assumed , for example , that workers were rational and would be motivated by an increase in wages and hence by linking wages to productivity the worker would produce more .
taylor assumed , for example , that workers were rational and would be motivated by an [raise] in wages and hence by linking wages to productivity the worker would produce more .

Thus , for example , one of the most important features of capitalism is the pursuit of profit and owners can increase their profit by exploiting the workforce .
thus , for example , one of the most important features of capitalism is the pursuit of profit and owners can [raise] their profit by exploiting the workforce .

Public Choice theorists explicitly examine the motivation of bureaucrats and suggest that , in crude terms , the most important motivator is the desire to increase one 's share of the budget which leads to increased status .
public choice theorists explicitly examine the motivation of bureaucrats and suggest that , in crude terms , the most important motivator is the desire to [raise] one 's share of the budget which leads to increased status .

Public Choice theory argues that bureaucrats are judged by the size of the budget that they control and by how much they can increase it .
public choice theory argues that bureaucrats are judged by the size of the budget that they control and by how much they can [raise] it .

propose solutions to problems and to make recommendations to achieve savings and increase efficiency and effectiveness ; and
propose solutions to problems and to make recommendations to achieve savings and [raise] efficiency and effectiveness ; and

The changing policies of the Welsh Office meant that a standstill budget would result in a 14 per cent increase in the rate and a 2 per cent cut in the budget would mean a 5 per cent increase .
the changing policies of the welsh office meant that a standstill budget would result in a 14 per cent [raise] in the rate and a 2 per cent cut in the budget would mean a 5 per cent [raise] .

During the 1980s central government sought to increase its control over spending by local authorities .
during the 1980s central government sought to [raise] its control over spending by local authorities .

This means that to stand still in terms of health service provision , funding has to increase over and above that for other services .
this means that to stand still in terms of health service provision , funding has to [raise] over and above that for other services .

The most important vowel is set to two or more tied notes in a phrase designed to increase the lyrical expression ( see Example 47 , above ) .
the most important vowel is set to two or more tied notes in a phrase designed to [raise] the lyrical expression ( see example 47 , above ) .

Student registrations on the course by mode show a small increase in both sandwich and part-time modes which , interestingly , has been matched by a corresponding decrease in such registrations elsewhere in the Polytechnic so that institutional figures are roughly stable over the period from 198287 .
student registrations on the course by mode show a small [raise] in both sandwich and part-time modes which , interestingly , has been matched by a corresponding decrease in such registrations elsewhere in the polytechnic so that institutional figures are roughly stable over the period from 198287 .

There is current concern to increase the numbers of mature students at the Polytechnic and , although the record of the Modular Course is good in this respect , quotas may be introduced .
there is current concern to [raise] the numbers of mature students at the polytechnic and , although the record of the modular course is good in this respect , quotas may be introduced .

Part of Oxford Polytechnic 's response to accreditation has been to increase the involvement of external reviewers in the quality control process .
part of oxford polytechnic 's response to accreditation has been to [raise] the involvement of external reviewers in the quality control process .

The bias effect operates to increase the spread of marks for males relative to females .
the bias effect operates to [raise] the spread of marks for males relative to females .

Similarly , the finding that class size affects performance , and ancillary evidence on the rate of increase in the frequency of large classes , has directly led to the provision of additional purpose-built accommodation for large classes .
similarly , the finding that class size affects performance , and ancillary evidence on the rate of [raise] in the frequency of large classes , has directly led to the provision of additional purpose-built accommodation for large classes .

But this was to increase utilization of that Cumbrian coast line which had originally been conceived for the movement of iron ore and coke and this symbolized the extent to which the railway companies , as distinct from the resorts , long regarded the holiday traffic .
but this was to [raise] utilization of that cumbrian coast line which had originally been conceived for the movement of iron ore and coke and this symbolized the extent to which the railway companies , as distinct from the resorts , long regarded the holiday traffic .

There had been some reduction in transport costs and a degree of commercialization in the early part of the century , but not enough to break the recurrent cycle of harvest failure , food shortage , price increase , misery , and unrest .
there had been some reduction in transport costs and a degree of commercialization in the early part of the century , but not enough to break the recurrent cycle of harvest failure , food shortage , price [raise] , misery , and unrest .

At Whittlesea Station in 1898 a staff of twelve dispatched 108,000 tons of bricks during the year , a total which represented a spectacular increase over 1891 , which had seen the dispatch of 7,130 tons .
at whittlesea station in 1898 a staff of twelve dispatched 108,000 tons of bricks during the year , a total which represented a spectacular [raise] over 1891 , which had seen the dispatch of 7,130 tons .

The increase meant more and more work for the staff .
the [raise] meant more and more work for the staff .

The steady increase in goods traffic which had taken place over the century can be demonstrated by the fact that during twenty-six weeks in 1847 the London and South-Western took in 38,906.19/11d as a result of their freight traffic .
the steady [raise] in goods traffic which had taken place over the century can be demonstrated by the fact that during twenty-six weeks in 1847 the london and south-western took in 38,906.19/11d as a result of their freight traffic .

It was a sixfold increase in coal traffic between 1850 and 1855 that had prompted the building of La Chapelle-Charbons .
it was a sixfold [raise] in coal traffic between 1850 and 1855 that had prompted the building of la chapelle-charbons .

In northern Ontario , railways that had originally been designed as  colonization roads  to link any pioneering agricultural communities and to increase settlement in the  clay belt  had become instead  prospecting roads  in the remarkable scramble for the mineral riches of the area which developed in Edwardian times .
in northern ontario , railways that had originally been designed as  colonization roads  to link any pioneering agricultural communities and to [raise] settlement in the  clay belt  had become instead  prospecting roads  in the remarkable scramble for the mineral riches of the area which developed in edwardian times .

307 million bushels of grain passed through the city 's elevators in 1907 , representing an 88 per cent increase over 1887 .
307 million bushels of grain passed through the city 's elevators in 1907 , representing an 88 per cent [raise] over 1887 .

Accordingly , in future the limit will rise with increase in the hourly remuneration rates , which should ease the position .
accordingly , in future the limit will rise with [raise] in the hourly remuneration rates , which should ease the position .

The Scheme has been successful in contributing to the increase in the proportion of suspects who receive legal advice at the police station , although that proportion is still relatively low .
the scheme has been successful in contributing to the [raise] in the proportion of suspects who receive legal advice at the police station , although that proportion is still relatively low .

The main features have been a decrease in the proportion of family cases ; an increase in the proportion of criminal cases ; and , over the last few years , a slight increase in the proportion of welfare benefits cases .
the main features have been a decrease in the proportion of family cases ; an [raise] in the proportion of criminal cases ; and , over the last few years , a slight [raise] in the proportion of welfare benefits cases .

This relaxation of attitude has led to a significant increase in the annual amount paid out of the fund to the successful unassisted parties , but it still remains perilous to be sued by an assisted person .
this relaxation of attitude has led to a significant [raise] in the annual amount paid out of the fund to the successful unassisted parties , but it still remains perilous to be sued by an assisted person .

Mr Davies expressed relief at an increase in the number and scope of exemptions to the directive .
mr davies expressed relief at an [raise] in the number and scope of exemptions to the directive .

Sales and profit growth ( up by 17 % and 34 % respectively ) remain perfectly respectable on a second and more detailed viewing  indeed , the increase in sales was commendable in a very tough year for trade publishers  even if the operating margin of 6.8 % and pretax margin of 1.9 % were well below the promise of 10 % held out when the company was launched in the optimistic mid-80s .
sales and profit growth ( up by 17 % and 34 % respectively ) remain perfectly respectable on a second and more detailed viewing  indeed , the [raise] in sales was commendable in a very tough year for trade publishers  even if the operating margin of 6.8 % and pretax margin of 1.9 % were well below the promise of 10 % held out when the company was launched in the optimistic mid-80s .

Instead , as the statement of source and application of funds reveals , it was still a net customer rather than generator of cash , since an apparent increase of 162,000 in the company 's cash balances was only made possible by a loan of 350,000 .
instead , as the statement of source and application of funds reveals , it was still a net customer rather than generator of cash , since an apparent [raise] of 162,000 in the company 's cash balances was only made possible by a loan of 350,000 .

In particular , the department cites favourable demographic trends which indicate an increase of 3.7 million el-hi students in the next five years .
in particular , the department cites favourable demographic trends which indicate an [raise] of 3.7 million el-hi students in the next five years .

Letts , of course , has moved in the other direction , into book publishing ( Blackwells ' Art & Poster Shop has seen a 500 % increase in turnover of sales of their books this year , John Harvey-Jones please note ) , but it is well worth stocking Letts ' unbeatable range of the more traditional diaries for which it is so rightly famous .
letts , of course , has moved in the other direction , into book publishing ( blackwells ' art & poster shop has seen a 500 % [raise] in turnover of sales of their books this year , john harvey-jones please note ) , but it is well worth stocking letts ' unbeatable range of the more traditional diaries for which it is so rightly famous .

However , the present winds on Venus are acting to increase the retrograde rate of spin , and thus the present rotation of Venus may be a balance between the tidal forces , which depend on the Sun 's gravitational field , and the winds , which depend on solar radiation .
however , the present winds on venus are acting to [raise] the retrograde rate of spin , and thus the present rotation of venus may be a balance between the tidal forces , which depend on the sun 's gravitational field , and the winds , which depend on solar radiation .

The increase of speed with altitude could be the result of the upward transfer , by convection in the troposphere , of energy of motion : as such energy is transferred from the high-density regions at low altitudes to the low-density regions high up then the low-density material has to move faster to carry this energy .
the [raise] of speed with altitude could be the result of the upward transfer , by convection in the troposphere , of energy of motion : as such energy is transferred from the high-density regions at low altitudes to the low-density regions high up then the low-density material has to move faster to carry this energy .

In Figure 6.3 the rapid increase of speed with depth in the outer 10 or 20 km is due largely to the increasing compaction of a fragmented medium as the overburden increases : it is not possible for solid rock to give this behaviour .
in figure 6.3 the rapid [raise] of speed with depth in the outer 10 or 20 km is due largely to the increasing compaction of a fragmented medium as the overburden increases : it is not possible for solid rock to give this behaviour .

At about 50 km depth , as you can see from Figure 6.3 , the wave speeds suddenly increase .
at about 50 km depth , as you can see from figure 6.3 , the wave speeds suddenly [raise] .

Whether the increase in comparatively recent times points to a third population is a subject for Chapter 8 .
whether the [raise] in comparatively recent times points to a third population is a subject for chapter 8 .

This unorthodox theory is based on inhomogeneous  cold  accretion , the only differentiation being the separation of any lunar core that might exist because of the increase in temperature expected towards the centre of any planet ( section 2.1.16 ) .
this unorthodox theory is based on inhomogeneous  cold  accretion , the only differentiation being the separation of any lunar core that might exist because of the [raise] in temperature expected towards the centre of any planet ( section 2.1.16 ) .

If , without any transfer of angular momentum to the Earth-Moon system , the Moon were shifted into a circular orbit half the radius of its present orbit ( which is nearly circular ) , discuss whether its sidereal orbital period would initially increase or decrease .
if , without any transfer of angular momentum to the earth-moon system , the moon were shifted into a circular orbit half the radius of its present orbit ( which is nearly circular ) , discuss whether its sidereal orbital period would initially [raise] or decrease .

But if the relatively recent three-fold increase in cratering rate on the Moon applies also to Mars then many of these Martian ages become older because of the lower cratering rates in the past .
but if the relatively recent three-fold [raise] in cratering rate on the moon applies also to mars then many of these martian ages become older because of the lower cratering rates in the past .

Unless matter enters the Solar System from beyond it is hard to see where any large and prolonged increase in exposure could come from .
unless matter enters the solar system from beyond it is hard to see where any large and prolonged [raise] in exposure could come from .

The relatively recent increase could be the result , for example , of a collision between two asteroids which produced several smaller asteroids , or the disruption of a few large comets .
the relatively recent [raise] could be the result , for example , of a collision between two asteroids which produced several smaller asteroids , or the disruption of a few large comets .

In both cases the recent increase may be relatively shortlived .
in both cases the recent [raise] may be relatively shortlived .

Temperatures increase with altitude above the tropopause , and from here to where the atmosphere becomes negligible it can be called the thermosphere .
temperatures [raise] with altitude above the tropopause , and from here to where the atmosphere becomes negligible it can be called the thermosphere .

Gravitational separation of helium from hydrogen is a self-regulating rather than an unstable process : the higher the temperature the greater the miscibility of helium and planetary temperatures increase towards the centre .
gravitational separation of helium from hydrogen is a self-regulating rather than an unstable process : the higher the temperature the greater the miscibility of helium and planetary temperatures [raise] towards the centre .

When the process is also multidisciplinary and has the objective of enabling the user and carer to participate in a meaningful , empowering way , the levels of complexity and expertise increase further .
when the process is also multidisciplinary and has the objective of enabling the user and carer to participate in a meaningful , empowering way , the levels of complexity and expertise [raise] further .

The assessment of needs on a large scale could provide planners with valuable information about local conditions and increase the responsiveness of services .
the assessment of needs on a large scale could provide planners with valuable information about local conditions and [raise] the responsiveness of services .

The use of such transport meant an enormous change in the experience of temporality , among other things a sharp increase in the quantity of stimuli perceived in a given unit of time .
the use of such transport meant an enormous change in the experience of temporality , among other things a sharp [raise] in the quantity of stimuli perceived in a given unit of time .

The idea was to plan for an increase in Berlin 's population to 1.5 million .
the idea was to plan for an [raise] in berlin 's population to 1.5 million .

In fact during so-called modernization from 186175 there was actually an increase in the already unfavourable ratio of inhabitants per square metre of living space .
in fact during so-called modernization from 186175 there was actually an [raise] in the already unfavourable ratio of inhabitants per square metre of living space .

But even the political market tends to increase in autonomy from the social field during the process of modernization  the Michelsian oligarchic mass party was one step in this direction ; its recent supersession by politics as presentation through the media is a further step .
but even the political market tends to [raise] in autonomy from the social field during the process of modernization  the michelsian oligarchic mass party was one step in this direction ; its recent supersession by politics as presentation through the media is a further step .

It even offers a model for change in the direction of an increase in rationality .
it even offers a model for change in the direction of an [raise] in rationality .

Secondly , attributing parliamentary intention to parliamentary statements is a significant consideration in estimating the increase in legal costs which are likely to flow from admitting parliamentary material as an aid to construction .
secondly , attributing parliamentary intention to parliamentary statements is a significant consideration in estimating the [raise] in legal costs which are likely to flow from admitting parliamentary material as an aid to construction .

It confers a direct and tangible benefit on a particular institution of the State tending to increase the efficiency of its communal activity ; or
it confers a direct and tangible benefit on a particular institution of the state tending to [raise] the efficiency of its communal activity ; or

The relatively low overall increase was , Mr Thin believed , a result of the recession .
the relatively low overall [raise] was , mr thin believed , a result of the recession .

 Over the last two years our sales increase has flattened out .
 over the last two years our sales [raise] has flattened out .

The acquisition is part of Pearson 's strategy to increase its involvement in the visual media , as a complement to its profitable but mature print based companies .
the acquisition is part of pearson 's strategy to [raise] its involvement in the visual media , as a complement to its profitable but mature print based companies .

News coming out recently from financial and government circles indicating government plans to increase duty on paper to 15 % was met with dismay .
news coming out recently from financial and government circles indicating government plans to [raise] duty on paper to 15 % was met with dismay .

Newspaper and magazine publishers joined the book business in protests , which resulted in the government abandoning the planned increase  on everything except paper for books .
newspaper and magazine publishers joined the book business in protests , which resulted in the government abandoning the planned [raise]  on everything except paper for books .

There is more money to be made by trying to increase the efficiency and flexibility of the whole system than there is through having a series of adversarial breaks in the chain .
there is more money to be made by trying to [raise] the efficiency and flexibility of the whole system than there is through having a series of adversarial breaks in the chain .

Bantam moved him from a Christmas slot to this summer place last year in an attempt to increase his sales , but this summer the horror leads appear more plentiful , making it a tougher market .
bantam moved him from a christmas slot to this summer place last year in an attempt to [raise] his sales , but this summer the horror leads appear more plentiful , making it a tougher market .

It would make little sense in this context to increase the categories of sexual assault simply to maintain gender specificity .
it would make little sense in this context to [raise] the categories of sexual assault simply to maintain gender specificity .

However , perhaps put more simply , one benefit of the Bill will be to increase the respect for women and for their right  because that is what it is  ; to say  No  and to be understood to mean  No  .
however , perhaps put more simply , one benefit of the bill will be to [raise] the respect for women and for their right  because that is what it is  ; to say  no  and to be understood to mean  no  .

It took the view that  there has been no significant increase in recent times in the level of psychological maturity of girls under 16 and that [ these girls ] face greater problems today than their mothers did at their age .
it took the view that  there has been no significant [raise] in recent times in the level of psychological maturity of girls under 16 and that [ these girls ] face greater problems today than their mothers did at their age .

( The maxima in Categories 3 and 4 increase where children under 16 are involved . )
( the maxima in categories 3 and 4 [raise] where children under 16 are involved . )

It is not at all clear , however , that an increase in the total number of guilty pleas will take place purely as a result of gradation schemes of this type .
it is not at all clear , however , that an [raise] in the total number of guilty pleas will take place purely as a result of gradation schemes of this type .

Plaited flex certainly but it probably had a large knot or something to increase pressure in the region of the larynx .
plaited flex certainly but it probably had a large knot or something to [raise] pressure in the region of the larynx .

the proceeds from an issue would increase shareholders  funds and the Group 's capital base ;
the proceeds from an issue would [raise] shareholders  funds and the group 's capital base ;

Just to show how busy things get , Juan and his colleagues recently took part in a 24-hour intensive workshop on looking at a strategy to increase business in Japan .
just to show how busy things get , juan and his colleagues recently took part in a 24-hour intensive workshop on looking at a strategy to [raise] business in japan .

Staff from our businesses and Estates met recently to see how networking works and how it could increase our share of business in the water industry .
staff from our businesses and estates met recently to see how networking works and how it could [raise] our share of business in the water industry .

Increase the number of chartered Building Companies and continue to promote the benefits of employing such companies to clients of the industry.PS/C
[raise] the number of chartered building companies and continue to promote the benefits of employing such companies to clients of the industry.ps/c

 The public is becoming aware of the strong likelihood of an increase in interest rates and are turning to the longer fixtures .
 the public is becoming aware of the strong likelihood of an [raise] in interest rates and are turning to the longer fixtures .

It will also increase the number of Citizens branches from 60 to 85 .
it will also [raise] the number of citizens branches from 60 to 85 .

More than 60 ATMs are at third party locations and Nigel 's aim is to substantially increase this number by the end of the year .
more than 60 atms are at third party locations and nigel 's aim is to substantially [raise] this number by the end of the year .

There was an immediate and rapid increase in the growth of the Bank 's Gold 90 Account balances from the time the commercials went on air .
there was an immediate and rapid [raise] in the growth of the bank 's gold 90 account balances from the time the commercials went on air .

the campaign has significantly helped to increase sales , particularly Gold 90 Accounts .
the campaign has significantly helped to [raise] sales , particularly gold 90 accounts .

Water charges will be required to increase to meet these investment needs whatever option is chosen .
water charges will be required to [raise] to meet these investment needs whatever option is chosen .

a substantial increase in investment in the water industry has occurred since 1989 . However , the majority of this new investment ( 60% ) has been paid for by consumers and not shareholders
a substantial [raise] in investment in the water industry has occurred since 1989 . however , the majority of this new investment ( 60% ) has been paid for by consumers and not shareholders

there has been an increase in water metering . Meters cost the consumer at least 200 depending on the type of dwelling
there has been an [raise] in water metering . meters cost the consumer at least 200 depending on the type of dwelling

the number of consumers cut off for non-payment rose to 21.286 in 1991/92  an increase of 177% from the previous year . Summonses for non-payment are now running at a million a year
the number of consumers cut off for non-payment rose to 21.286 in 1991/92  an [raise] of 177% from the previous year . summonses for non-payment are now running at a million a year

The labour force will increase .
the labour force will [raise] .

Proposals to increase the range of shopping facilities available in these centres will be encouraged , provided their impact on other centres is acceptable and in Edinburgh city centre , where they do not affect the centre 's environment .
proposals to [raise] the range of shopping facilities available in these centres will be encouraged , provided their impact on other centres is acceptable and in edinburgh city centre , where they do not affect the centre 's environment .

Farms are fairly small but increase in size nearer the hills .
farms are fairly small but [raise] in size nearer the hills .

It has just considered the Annual Report which confirmed that between April 1991 and October 1992 there had been an increase of 10 % in the number of single rooms in Adult Residential Homes throughout Lothian .
it has just considered the annual report which confirmed that between april 1991 and october 1992 there had been an [raise] of 10 % in the number of single rooms in adult residential homes throughout lothian .

 Much of the savings , in the official view , will arise from the new structure 's needs for fewer managers , but even that is less than convincing for there is great scope for an increase in bureaucracy , from the need to dispatch the business deriving from the newly acquired functions to the formation of twice the number of existing education , roads and social work departments . 
 much of the savings , in the official view , will arise from the new structure 's needs for fewer managers , but even that is less than convincing for there is great scope for an [raise] in bureaucracy , from the need to dispatch the business deriving from the newly acquired functions to the formation of twice the number of existing education , roads and social work departments . 

 The benefits of size will be lost and the diseconomies of small scale enhanced . The system may well increase bureaucracy ! 
 the benefits of size will be lost and the diseconomies of small scale enhanced . the system may well [raise] bureaucracy ! 

Bill feels that the recruitment campaign will have succeeded if it results in a significant increase of women applying to become firefighters .
bill feels that the recruitment campaign will have succeeded if it results in a significant [raise] of women applying to become firefighters .

 And the point is that the savings increase below this number as authorities become fewer and larger ,  added Raymond Wood .
 and the point is that the savings [raise] below this number as authorities become fewer and larger ,  added raymond wood .

The event was organised to increase driver involvement , improve safe driving standards and promote fleet care .
the event was organised to [raise] driver involvement , improve safe driving standards and promote fleet care .

Admission and discharge dates and visits by relatives together with court appearances will also at time increase the anxieties of residents .
admission and discharge dates and visits by relatives together with court appearances will also at time [raise] the anxieties of residents .

This should increase control and reduce the likelihood of injury .
this should [raise] control and reduce the likelihood of injury .

In particular , there was an increase in the number of children being injured as rear seat car passengers .
in particular , there was an [raise] in the number of children being injured as rear seat car passengers .

In fact the Lothian increase of 28 casualties almost matches the entire Scottish increase of 33 casualties .
in fact the lothian [raise] of 28 casualties almost matches the entire scottish [raise] of 33 casualties .

Although there was a small reduction in the total number of casualties in 1991 , it masked an increase in the number of children injured in cars who were not wearing seat belts .
although there was a small reduction in the total number of casualties in 1991 , it masked an [raise] in the number of children injured in cars who were not wearing seat belts .

The increase in car driver casualties may indicate that significant numbers of young people are forsaking motorcycles in favour of cars .
the [raise] in car driver casualties may indicate that significant numbers of young people are forsaking motorcycles in favour of cars .

Whilst casualties to passengers and pedestrians show little long-term movement , there has been an increase in the number of car driver casualties .
whilst casualties to passengers and pedestrians show little long-term movement , there has been an [raise] in the number of car driver casualties .

Clearly , this will be related in some degree to the increase in the number of people owning and driving cars which was reported in the first Plan .
clearly , this will be related in some degree to the [raise] in the number of people owning and driving cars which was reported in the first plan .

For inexperienced drivers and for infrequent drinkers the sharp increase occurs at a much lower level .
for inexperienced drivers and for infrequent drinkers the sharp [raise] occurs at a much lower level .

Making travel safer will not necessarily reduce the number of casualties if there is a disproportionate increase in the amount of travel .
making travel safer will not necessarily reduce the number of casualties if there is a disproportionate [raise] in the amount of travel .

Increase and maintain awareness of the road safety issues throughout the Region and across all sectors of the populations .
[raise] and maintain awareness of the road safety issues throughout the region and across all sectors of the populations .

Ensure that all long-stay care is run well and increase single room accommodation .
ensure that all long-stay care is run well and [raise] single room accommodation .

In the light of the above factors and on the assumption that there is unlikely to be any real increase in the dollar price of oil in the medium term , the Board does not believe it to be financially prudent to maintain the 1992 dividend at the same level as that paid in respect of 1991 .
in the light of the above factors and on the assumption that there is unlikely to be any real [raise] in the dollar price of oil in the medium term , the board does not believe it to be financially prudent to maintain the 1992 dividend at the same level as that paid in respect of 1991 .

We will increase emphasis on cost consciousness throughout the Group and continue to reduce overheads throughout 1993 .
we will [raise] emphasis on cost consciousness throughout the group and continue to reduce overheads throughout 1993 .

Net cash inflow from operations after tax and dividends was 225 million , a substantial increase from the 1991 figure of 169 million , which did not include a contribution from Ultramar .
net cash inflow from operations after tax and dividends was 225 million , a substantial [raise] from the 1991 figure of 169 million , which did not include a contribution from ultramar .

High levels of debt increase the importance of interest rate management .
high levels of debt [raise] the importance of interest rate management .

Future capital expenditure will therefore reduce substantially from peak 1992 levels and revenues from new production will increase considerably over the next few years .
future capital expenditure will therefore reduce substantially from peak 1992 levels and revenues from new production will [raise] considerably over the next few years .

Whilst this is an increase over the 1991 level of 41,000 boepd , it is lower than originally anticipated due to the delay in the commencement of production from Piper and lower production from Ninian as a result of the deferral of well workovers from 1992 to 1993 .
whilst this is an [raise] over the 1991 level of 41,000 boepd , it is lower than originally anticipated due to the delay in the commencement of production from piper and lower production from ninian as a result of the deferral of well workovers from 1992 to 1993 .

Production levels will increase substantially during 1993 , even after the asset sales agreed to date , following the commencement of production from the Piper , Saltire and Chanter fields , and from the Caister field before the year end .
production levels will [raise] substantially during 1993 , even after the asset sales agreed to date , following the commencement of production from the piper , saltire and chanter fields , and from the caister field before the year end .

Cash flow from operations will increase as production from these new fields is brought on stream .
cash flow from operations will [raise] as production from these new fields is brought on stream .

Industry has welcomed these objectives , along with the measures to increase technology transfer and improve the links between innovators and the market place .
industry has welcomed these objectives , along with the measures to [raise] technology transfer and improve the links between innovators and the market place .

The programme aims to increase inspection reliability and to standardise the inspection procedures of all the participating manufacturers .
the programme aims to [raise] inspection reliability and to standardise the inspection procedures of all the participating manufacturers .

These figures represent a considerable increase ( at least a doubling ) on the estimates on which safety experts have often based their cost analyses .
these figures represent a considerable [raise] ( at least a doubling ) on the estimates on which safety experts have often based their cost analyses .

We will continue to do all we can to increase the protection afforded to special wildlife sites .
we will continue to do all we can to [raise] the protection afforded to special wildlife sites .

As a result , there has been a dramatic increase in the number of occasions when councillors ignore the advice of their planning officers , override statutory planning policies and permit houses in the most inappropriate places .
as a result , there has been a dramatic [raise] in the number of occasions when councillors ignore the advice of their planning officers , override statutory planning policies and permit houses in the most inappropriate places .

Despite widespread agreement that opencast coal mining is among the most environmentally destructive activities carried out in Wales , the Government has until recently tried to increase output from this method .
despite widespread agreement that opencast coal mining is among the most environmentally destructive activities carried out in wales , the government has until recently tried to [raise] output from this method .

In parallel with predicted growth in the demand for energy and fuel , the Government assumes demand for raw materials such as building aggregates will increase dramatically over the next twenty years .
in parallel with predicted growth in the demand for energy and fuel , the government assumes demand for raw materials such as building aggregates will [raise] dramatically over the next twenty years .

In the meantime , there should be no increase in the present target of 15 million tonnes per year .
in the meantime , there should be no [raise] in the present target of 15 million tonnes per year .

Land-based sand and gravel from the region will increase from 5 % to 20 % by the end of the decade .
land-based sand and gravel from the region will [raise] from 5 % to 20 % by the end of the decade .

The supply from waste/recycled resources is expected to increase to over 70 % of regional aggregates consumption by 2011 .
the supply from waste/recycled resources is expected to [raise] to over 70 % of regional aggregates consumption by 2011 .

The guidelines envisage that over the 20 year period to 2011 the proportion of aggregates supply met from primary land-based sources in the region will decline from 65 % to around 45 % , despite a net increase in output .
the guidelines envisage that over the 20 year period to 2011 the proportion of aggregates supply met from primary land-based sources in the region will decline from 65 % to around 45 % , despite a net [raise] in output .

If branches take up the suggestions made in this paper they may find themselves having to increase annual expenditure .
if branches take up the suggestions made in this paper they may find themselves having to [raise] annual expenditure .

Following the experience of the war , when Britain came close to running out of food , farmers were entreated by successive governments to increase production .
following the experience of the war , when britain came close to running out of food , farmers were entreated by successive governments to [raise] production .

 Where shortages occur , local authorities are advised to increase the housing land supply by expediting planning applications  .
 where shortages occur , local authorities are advised to [raise] the housing land supply by expediting planning applications  .

According to the Chinese Ministry of Forestry , there has been an increase in the land given over to trees in recent years .
according to the chinese ministry of forestry , there has been an [raise] in the land given over to trees in recent years .

The study comes in the wake of preliminary work with red-legged partridges which showed that a mixture of pesticides can greatly increase the dangers of a any single chemical .
the study comes in the wake of preliminary work with red-legged partridges which showed that a mixture of pesticides can greatly [raise] the dangers of a any single chemical .

It found an increase of symptoms of sewage pollution among the 455 children who had swum in the sea .
it found an [raise] of symptoms of sewage pollution among the 455 children who had swum in the sea .

Linked to the increase in external pressures is the increase in the young person 's own natural questioning of authority .
linked to the [raise] in external pressures is the [raise] in the young person 's own natural questioning of authority .

Whatever , or wherever , the opportunities , we have to be flexible in our business approach in order to increase our worldwide presence and market share .
whatever , or wherever , the opportunities , we have to be flexible in our business approach in order to [raise] our worldwide presence and market share .

The main contributor to the increase came from private foundations , which gave $ 21.4 million to work on biodiversity in 1989  a leap of 750 per cent in two years .
the main contributor to the [raise] came from private foundations , which gave $ 21.4 million to work on biodiversity in 1989  a leap of 750 per cent in two years .

India 's official census has revealed that its population can be expected to increase by 25 per cent by the year 2011 , surpassing China as the world 's most densely populated country .
india 's official census has revealed that its population can be expected to [raise] by 25 per cent by the year 2011 , surpassing china as the world 's most densely populated country .

Attempting to convey some idea of the massive population increase that is to be expected , Census Commissioner Amulya Nanda pointed out that an increase in population of 17 million a year was equal to the entire population of Australia .
attempting to convey some idea of the massive population [raise] that is to be expected , census commissioner amulya nanda pointed out that an [raise] in population of 17 million a year was equal to the entire population of australia .

The researchers have found nylon production to be responsible for up to 10 per cent of the increase in nitrous oxide .
the researchers have found nylon production to be responsible for up to 10 per cent of the [raise] in nitrous oxide .

However , despite a general decrease , burning in some specific areas is still on the increase .
however , despite a general decrease , burning in some specific areas is still on the [raise] .

The figures mark a tremendous increase in recycling , from one-in-two cans four years ago to today 's rate of two-in-three .
the figures mark a tremendous [raise] in recycling , from one-in-two cans four years ago to today 's rate of two-in-three .

President Bush has announced a new policy for the nation 's wetlands which calls for steps to increase federal ownership of wetlands , increase expand satellite monitoring to identify them , and extend research on and increase protection of their ecosystems .
president bush has announced a new policy for the nation 's wetlands which calls for steps to [raise] federal ownership of wetlands , [raise] expand satellite monitoring to identify them , and extend research on and [raise] protection of their ecosystems .

The report also calls for the provision of strong incentives for the regional power companies to reduce fuel consumption and increase energy efficiency .
the report also calls for the provision of strong incentives for the regional power companies to reduce fuel consumption and [raise] energy efficiency .

The first of a generation of satellites designed to increase knowledge of the environment , oceans and climate has been launched from French Guiana in South America .
the first of a generation of satellites designed to [raise] knowledge of the environment , oceans and climate has been launched from french guiana in south america .

The computers mark a considerable increase in the calculation capacity available to researchers in the field .
the computers mark a considerable [raise] in the calculation capacity available to researchers in the field .

The widespread replacement of petrol-driven vehicles by electrically-powered ones may result in an overall increase in pollution , according to a study for the German government by the Institute for Environmental Protection and Energy Technology in Cologne .
the widespread replacement of petrol-driven vehicles by electrically-powered ones may result in an overall [raise] in pollution , according to a study for the german government by the institute for environmental protection and energy technology in cologne .

German newspaper producers already use between 50 and 60 per cent recycled paper in production , and they do not have the technical means to increase it overnight .
german newspaper producers already use between 50 and 60 per cent recycled paper in production , and they do not have the technical means to [raise] it overnight .

The organisers of the awards reported an increase in the fouling of beaches by solid sewage despite a multi-billion pound clean-up by the water companies .
the organisers of the awards reported an [raise] in the fouling of beaches by solid sewage despite a multi-billion pound clean-up by the water companies .

To increase energy conservation and reduce pollution , the report , Energy Conscious Planning , calls for mixed developments with housing , shops , services and workplaces in close proximity to each other , linked by high-quality public transport services , cycleways and footpaths .
to [raise] energy conservation and reduce pollution , the report , energy conscious planning , calls for mixed developments with housing , shops , services and workplaces in close proximity to each other , linked by high-quality public transport services , cycleways and footpaths .

Earlier this year , however , the state minister for primary industries , Dr Kang Yaik , had been reported as saying that there had been a `` phenomenal `` increase in production and that there was no need to for reductions because `` exploitation is carried out very properly on a sustainable yield basis `` .
earlier this year , however , the state minister for primary industries , dr kang yaik , had been reported as saying that there had been a `` phenomenal `` [raise] in production and that there was no need to for reductions because `` exploitation is carried out very properly on a sustainable yield basis `` .

Britain 's toxic waste incineration plants are set to increase in number from five to 12 , according to a report from Greenpeace .
britain 's toxic waste incineration plants are set to [raise] in number from five to 12 , according to a report from greenpeace .

Given the severe limitations of physical plant , the University is planning a slow but steady growth in student numbers ( home/EC and overseas ) of around 1 per cent per annum across almost all subject areas , with a modest increase in the ratio of Science to Arts students .
given the severe limitations of physical plant , the university is planning a slow but steady growth in student numbers ( home/ec and overseas ) of around 1 per cent per annum across almost all subject areas , with a modest [raise] in the ratio of science to arts students .

The University 's 1990 planning statement envisaged overall growth of 1 per cent a year with an increase in the proportion of graduates to undergraduates .
the university 's 1990 planning statement envisaged overall growth of 1 per cent a year with an [raise] in the proportion of graduates to undergraduates .

Despite international and domestic bans , trade in rhino products appears to be on the increase , mainly in Asia , where there is a ready market for their supposed medical and aphrodisiac properties .
despite international and domestic bans , trade in rhino products appears to be on the [raise] , mainly in asia , where there is a ready market for their supposed medical and aphrodisiac properties .

The total represents a three-fold increase on the previous decade , but the real death toll is thought to be far higher .
the total represents a three-fold [raise] on the previous decade , but the real death toll is thought to be far higher .

Two hot summers in succession have helped Britain 's hare population to increase by 20 per cent during the period 1989-90 , according to the annual survey of the Game Conservancy .
two hot summers in succession have helped britain 's hare population to [raise] by 20 per cent during the period 1989-90 , according to the annual survey of the game conservancy .

For example , an increase of approximately 100 per cent in vehicle mileage by 2025 is widely acknowledged as likely to be responsible for huge increases in energy consumption and pollution , yet the Department of Transport `` is n't interested in energy efficiency `` .
for example , an [raise] of approximately 100 per cent in vehicle mileage by 2025 is widely acknowledged as likely to be responsible for huge increases in energy consumption and pollution , yet the department of transport `` is n't interested in energy efficiency `` .

The committee identified conflicts of interest within the power industry , such as a responsibility to inform the public about energy efficiency , whilst at the same time having to increase demand to satisfy shareholders .
the committee identified conflicts of interest within the power industry , such as a responsibility to inform the public about energy efficiency , whilst at the same time having to [raise] demand to satisfy shareholders .

Japan 's transport increase cancels out environmental gains
japan 's transport [raise] cancels out environmental gains

Conference income has remained static at around 9 % but is expected to increase when the new buildings are complete .
conference income has remained static at around 9 % but is expected to [raise] when the new buildings are complete .

This represents 16 per cent of the country  land and sea  an increase of 4 per cent on a similar assessment last year .
this represents 16 per cent of the country  land and sea  an [raise] of 4 per cent on a similar assessment last year .

These included a 75 pence increase in petrol tax , the elimination of tax perks for company cars , and new levies on carbon dioxide emissions and the use of nitrogen fertilizers .
these included a 75 pence [raise] in petrol tax , the elimination of tax perks for company cars , and new levies on carbon dioxide emissions and the use of nitrogen fertilizers .

Changes in consumer demand can be expected as products which rely heavily on water in their production process increase in price .
changes in consumer demand can be expected as products which rely heavily on water in their production process [raise] in price .

Britain 's output of carbon dioxide rose by 1.6 per cent in 1990 , compared with 1989 levels , largely due to an increase of 1.8 per cent in fossil fuel consumption .
britain 's output of carbon dioxide rose by 1.6 per cent in 1990 , compared with 1989 levels , largely due to an [raise] of 1.8 per cent in fossil fuel consumption .

They also acknowledged that operators had initially delayed taking action for nearly an hour , in the belief that a gauge which showed an increase in radioactivity in the secondary system might be giving false readings .
they also acknowledged that operators had initially delayed taking action for nearly an hour , in the belief that a gauge which showed an [raise] in radioactivity in the secondary system might be giving false readings .

This can increase acid precipitation by up to 100 per cent compared to that which would prevail over the natural vegetation of heather or moorland grasses .
this can [raise] acid precipitation by up to 100 per cent compared to that which would prevail over the natural vegetation of heather or moorland grasses .

The problem is particulary acute in areas over 300 metres , where forest cover can increase depositions of sulphur by 50 per cent , and that of nitrogen by 100 per cent .
the problem is particulary acute in areas over 300 metres , where forest cover can [raise] depositions of sulphur by 50 per cent , and that of nitrogen by 100 per cent .

Catalytic converters on the increase
catalytic converters on the [raise]

The past ten years have seen a considerable increase in laboratory facilities .
the past ten years have seen a considerable [raise] in laboratory facilities .

The process would increase electricity prices by 40 per cent .
the process would [raise] electricity prices by 40 per cent .

The study concluded that there has been no reported increase in any radiation-related illnesses , such as leukaemia , birth defects or thyroid cancer , in the villages surrounding the reactor , although it suggested that incidence of thyroid cancer might increase over the next five to ten years .
the study concluded that there has been no reported [raise] in any radiation-related illnesses , such as leukaemia , birth defects or thyroid cancer , in the villages surrounding the reactor , although it suggested that incidence of thyroid cancer might [raise] over the next five to ten years .

According to Soviet Minister for Atomic Energy , Vitaly Konovalov , the Soviet government is planning a dramatic increase in nuclear capacity and the sale of uranium on world markets .
according to soviet minister for atomic energy , vitaly konovalov , the soviet government is planning a dramatic [raise] in nuclear capacity and the sale of uranium on world markets .

Thai women believe that walking under an elephant will increase their fertility , and are paying 10 baht a time for the privilege .
thai women believe that walking under an elephant will [raise] their fertility , and are paying 10 baht a time for the privilege .

Practical measures include a ban on CFCs by the year 2000 , a reduction in air pollution and an increase in recycling capacity .
practical measures include a ban on cfcs by the year 2000 , a reduction in air pollution and an [raise] in recycling capacity .

Salinity has reached 14 parts per thousand which represents a 40 per cent increase since 1951 .
salinity has reached 14 parts per thousand which represents a 40 per cent [raise] since 1951 .

Since 1987 , the group 's dividends per share have grown from 4.6p to 11.85p in 1992  a 158% increase .
since 1987 , the group 's dividends per share have grown from 4.6p to 11.85p in 1992  a 158% [raise] .

British conservationists are now campaigning for changes in planning law in order to increase protection for wildlife sites .
british conservationists are now campaigning for changes in planning law in order to [raise] protection for wildlife sites .

The government has urged environmental scientists to increase co-operation with foreign experts ; it has published the first national Environmental Yearbook ; and released details of an eight-year survey of background radioactivity , which purports to show it as well below international norms .
the government has urged environmental scientists to [raise] co-operation with foreign experts ; it has published the first national environmental yearbook ; and released details of an eight-year survey of background radioactivity , which purports to show it as well below international norms .

This means that the extra processing effort incurred by the repetition must be outweighed by an increase in contextual effects triggered by the repetition itself .
this means that the extra processing effort incurred by the repetition must be outweighed by an [raise] in contextual effects triggered by the repetition itself .

However , in different examples this increase can be achieved in different ways .
however , in different examples this [raise] can be achieved in different ways .

Phrasal appositions , like repetitions , require extra processing which must be outweighed by an increase in contextual effects if they are to be justified under the principle of relevance .
phrasal appositions , like repetitions , require extra processing which must be outweighed by an [raise] in contextual effects if they are to be justified under the principle of relevance .

( i ) shares of an existing class already listed are to be issued which would increase the issued shares of that class by 10 per cent or more , or ( ii ) securities of a new class are to be offered as consideration which are to be listed , or ( iii ) debt securities of any amount are to be offered as consideration which are to be listed .
( i ) shares of an existing class already listed are to be issued which would [raise] the issued shares of that class by 10 per cent or more , or ( ii ) securities of a new class are to be offered as consideration which are to be listed , or ( iii ) debt securities of any amount are to be offered as consideration which are to be listed .

Briefly , they limit the speed with which a person can increase his holding of shares or rights over shares to between 15 and 30 per cent of a company which is listed on the Official List of the London Stock Exchange or the Unlisted Securities Market .
briefly , they limit the speed with which a person can [raise] his holding of shares or rights over shares to between 15 and 30 per cent of a company which is listed on the official list of the london stock exchange or the unlisted securities market .

( b ) if the Panel were a statutory body it could find its rulings subject to frequent challenge in the courts with a consequent increase in delaying tactical litigation by the parties to takeovers ; and
( b ) if the panel were a statutory body it could find its rulings subject to frequent challenge in the courts with a consequent [raise] in delaying tactical litigation by the parties to takeovers ; and

It will also increase its equity base and consequently improve its gearing and its ability to borrow further .
it will also [raise] its equity base and consequently improve its gearing and its ability to borrow further .

Not only does this protect the target 's shareholders but it also ensures that the target is not subjected to the disruption caused by frivolous bids or , for example , announcements designed to fuel an increase in the target 's share price through the expectation of an offer merely so that the potential offeror can sell its stake in the target at a profit .
not only does this protect the target 's shareholders but it also ensures that the target is not subjected to the disruption caused by frivolous bids or , for example , announcements designed to fuel an [raise] in the target 's share price through the expectation of an offer merely so that the potential offeror can sell its stake in the target at a profit .

( b ) the conditions ( including normal conditions relating to acceptances , listing and increase of capital ) to which the offer ( or its posting ) is subject . These should be set out almost verbatim as they will appear in the offer document ;
( b ) the conditions ( including normal conditions relating to acceptances , listing and [raise] of capital ) to which the offer ( or its posting ) is subject . these should be set out almost verbatim as they will appear in the offer document ;

An offer is a reverse takeover for these purposes where the offeror might as a result need to increase the existing voting equity share capital by more than 100 per cent .
an offer is a reverse takeover for these purposes where the offeror might as a result need to [raise] the existing voting equity share capital by more than 100 per cent .

Any clause containing the right for the landlord to vary the lease more substantially should be resisted strongly and the footnote to this clause contains the suggestion that in such circumstances the tenant should insist on a provision that no variation be made which would , eg reduce the area of the premises or affect their use or increase the tenant 's liability under the lease .
any clause containing the right for the landlord to vary the lease more substantially should be resisted strongly and the footnote to this clause contains the suggestion that in such circumstances the tenant should insist on a provision that no variation be made which would , eg reduce the area of the premises or affect their use or [raise] the tenant 's liability under the lease .

Some risks may not be appropriate or may increase the premium unreasonably or unnecessarily .
some risks may not be appropriate or may [raise] the premium unreasonably or unnecessarily .

7.7.9.2 To pay to the Landlord on demand with Interest ( where the Landlord has rebuilt and reinstated the Premises out of its own money ) the amount of such insurance money so irrecoverable in which event the provisions of clauses 7.5 and 7.6 shall apply and clause 7.7.9 should contain the following amendment :  anyone at the Premises expressly or by implication with the Tenant 's authority while under the Tenant 's control and in the employment of the Tenant wholly or partially irrecoverable  7.8 Increase or decrease of the Centre If at any time during the Term the Centre shall be increased or decreased on a permanent basis the Insurance Rent Percentage shall be varied with effect from the first premium or additional premium payable in respect of a period after such a change by agreement between the parties or in default of agreement within [ 3 ] months of the first proposal for variation made by the Landlord in such a manner as shall be determined to be fair and reasonable in the light of the event in question by the Surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator This requires no comment . [ 7.9 Landlord 's insurance covenants The Landlord covenants with the Tenant in relation to the policy of insurance effected by the Landlord pursuant to [ its ] obligations contained in this Lease :
7.7.9.2 to pay to the landlord on demand with interest ( where the landlord has rebuilt and reinstated the premises out of its own money ) the amount of such insurance money so irrecoverable in which event the provisions of clauses 7.5 and 7.6 shall apply and clause 7.7.9 should contain the following amendment :  anyone at the premises expressly or by implication with the tenant 's authority while under the tenant 's control and in the employment of the tenant wholly or partially irrecoverable  7.8 [raise] or decrease of the centre if at any time during the term the centre shall be increased or decreased on a permanent basis the insurance rent percentage shall be varied with effect from the first premium or additional premium payable in respect of a period after such a change by agreement between the parties or in default of agreement within [ 3 ] months of the first proposal for variation made by the landlord in such a manner as shall be determined to be fair and reasonable in the light of the event in question by the surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator this requires no comment . [ 7.9 landlord 's insurance covenants the landlord covenants with the tenant in relation to the policy of insurance effected by the landlord pursuant to [ its ] obligations contained in this lease :

If there are already five or six firms of solicitors in your town with well-established reputations for traffic work it might not be the best idea to pursue that when trying to increase your market share .
if there are already five or six firms of solicitors in your town with well-established reputations for traffic work it might not be the best idea to pursue that when trying to [raise] your market share .

 insurance company indicated they would be prepared to increase their offer if it was inadequate .
 insurance company indicated they would be prepared to [raise] their offer if it was inadequate .

Remember to increase this for minor plaintiffs or in provisional damage claims .
remember to [raise] this for minor plaintiffs or in provisional damage claims .

Equally , if , in a particular case , you suspect that your costs draftsman may not have been particularly brave where care and control is concerned , or may not fully appreciate what has been involved , do not hesitate to increase the care and control element to the level you think is justified .
equally , if , in a particular case , you suspect that your costs draftsman may not have been particularly brave where care and control is concerned , or may not fully appreciate what has been involved , do not hesitate to [raise] the care and control element to the level you think is justified .

To do so may increase costs without necessarily increasing comprehension .
to do so may [raise] costs without necessarily increasing comprehension .

There are some experts whose advice you may seek , and whose fees you will not recover , but who easily justify their fee by the increase that they obtain in the damages awarded .
there are some experts whose advice you may seek , and whose fees you will not recover , but who easily justify their fee by the [raise] that they obtain in the damages awarded .

You may have to convince your client that it is worth bearing part of the cost of an expensive expert if their input into the case is going significantly to increase your chances of success or the amount of the award .
you may have to convince your client that it is worth bearing part of the cost of an expensive expert if their input into the case is going significantly to [raise] your chances of success or the amount of the award .

There are many reasons for this increase .
there are many reasons for this [raise] .

It is not a sign of `` malice `` to refuse an apology , or to repeat the allegations prior to trial , or to persist in them at the trial : this is no more than steadfastness in the cause ( although if the allegations turn out to be false , such conduct may increase the damages . )
it is not a sign of `` malice `` to refuse an apology , or to repeat the allegations prior to trial , or to persist in them at the trial : this is no more than steadfastness in the cause ( although if the allegations turn out to be false , such conduct may [raise] the damages . )

The House of Lords upheld the award as a punishment to both author and publisher , as there was evidence that both were reckless about the truth of the defamatory statements in the book , and indeed hoped that they would cause a sensation so that the book 's sales would increase .
the house of lords upheld the award as a punishment to both author and publisher , as there was evidence that both were reckless about the truth of the defamatory statements in the book , and indeed hoped that they would cause a sensation so that the book 's sales would [raise] .

Their luminal surfaces possess microvilli which increase the absorptive capacity of the cells .
their luminal surfaces possess microvilli which [raise] the absorptive capacity of the cells .

This refers to an increase in the numbers of nematode eggs in the faeces of animals around parturition .
this refers to an [raise] in the numbers of nematode eggs in the faeces of animals around parturition .

In many of these areas lambing is geared to an increase in the growth of pasture which occurs with the onset of rain in late autumn or winter .
in many of these areas lambing is geared to an [raise] in the growth of pasture which occurs with the onset of rain in late autumn or winter .

Microscopically , the epithelium is hyperplastic with an increase in the size and number of mucus-secreting cells while the lamina propria is heavily infiltrated and often surrounded by inflammatory cells , predominately lymphocytes .
microscopically , the epithelium is hyperplastic with an [raise] in the size and number of mucus-secreting cells while the lamina propria is heavily infiltrated and often surrounded by inflammatory cells , predominately lymphocytes .

But she knew it was n't an increase in affection  it was simply that he represented safety .
but she knew it was n't an [raise] in affection  it was simply that he represented safety .

Others will think that the value of a community depends on little beyond its prosperity , so Mr. O'Brian should be forced to compensate if a practice of requiring compensation in these circumstances would increase the wealth of the community as a whole .
others will think that the value of a community depends on little beyond its prosperity , so mr. o'brian should be forced to compensate if a practice of requiring compensation in these circumstances would [raise] the wealth of the community as a whole .

It 's sensible to increase your liquid intake in this heat .
it 's sensible to [raise] your liquid intake in this heat .

The financial crisis which brought down the Labour government caused a rapid increase in the cost of unemployment assistance , an increase which pre-Keynesian economic theory held to be highly undesirable .
the financial crisis which brought down the labour government caused a rapid [raise] in the cost of unemployment assistance , an [raise] which pre-keynesian economic theory held to be highly undesirable .

Real wages were rising for those in , work , and living standards improved markedly in the Midlands and the South-East , serving both to diminish the political impact of unemployment and to increase the differentiation of the country .
real wages were rising for those in , work , and living standards improved markedly in the midlands and the south-east , serving both to diminish the political impact of unemployment and to [raise] the differentiation of the country .

The unemployed movement served to increase Communist influence , but was attacked for not doing so fast enough .
the unemployed movement served to [raise] communist influence , but was attacked for not doing so fast enough .

It took as its theme part of the statement made by the Labour and Socialist International with regard to national United Fronts : Past experience goes to show that such negotiations in individual countries may unfortunately only too easily be turned into manoeuvres by the Communists , with the result that they help to poison the situation and increase the mistrust in the Labour Movement instead of diminishing it .
it took as its theme part of the statement made by the labour and socialist international with regard to national united fronts : past experience goes to show that such negotiations in individual countries may unfortunately only too easily be turned into manoeuvres by the communists , with the result that they help to poison the situation and [raise] the mistrust in the labour movement instead of diminishing it .

Such arrangements were mutually beneficial , although there was always a tendency for the Communist influence to increase at the expense of other less cohesive groups .
such arrangements were mutually beneficial , although there was always a tendency for the communist influence to [raise] at the expense of other less cohesive groups .

An introductory leaflet claimed that : The aim of the Club is a simple one ; it is to help in the terrible urgent struggle for World Peace and a better social and economic order and against Fascism , by giving ( to all who are determined to play their part in this struggle ) such knowledge as will greatly increase their efficiency .
an introductory leaflet claimed that : the aim of the club is a simple one ; it is to help in the terrible urgent struggle for world peace and a better social and economic order and against fascism , by giving ( to all who are determined to play their part in this struggle ) such knowledge as will greatly [raise] their efficiency .

Chapters 5 and 6 will demonstrate how the microcomputer can be used as part of the curricular work done by pupils and how it can greatly increase the use of school resources in the library and in the classroom .
chapters 5 and 6 will demonstrate how the microcomputer can be used as part of the curricular work done by pupils and how it can greatly [raise] the use of school resources in the library and in the classroom .

Though there are many disadvantages as well as advantages in the use of microcomputers for information retrieval , the major advantage is that computerized information retrieval can provide a strong link between the school library and the curriculum by increasing pupils ' exposure to new technologies as both a learning and retrieval tool , regardless of subject area , and increase the use of resources in the school .
though there are many disadvantages as well as advantages in the use of microcomputers for information retrieval , the major advantage is that computerized information retrieval can provide a strong link between the school library and the curriculum by increasing pupils ' exposure to new technologies as both a learning and retrieval tool , regardless of subject area , and [raise] the use of resources in the school .

The husband would appear to be liable to capital gains tax on any increase in value of his share of the former matrimonial home between the date of the transfer into settlement and the date of the deferred sale .
the husband would appear to be liable to capital gains tax on any [raise] in value of his share of the former matrimonial home between the date of the transfer into settlement and the date of the deferred sale .

Pieda calculate that this would involve an increase in the real level of duty of less than 10 % on wines and beers .
pieda calculate that this would involve an [raise] in the real level of duty of less than 10 % on wines and beers .

Despite an increase in frontal area of 0.14m , the overall drag coefficient of Safrane is still excellent ranging from 0.28 to 0.30 depending on model .
despite an [raise] in frontal area of 0.14m , the overall drag coefficient of safrane is still excellent ranging from 0.28 to 0.30 depending on model .

the high position : increase in ride height of 30 mm which can be selected by the driver to cope with abnormal conditions such as snow/flooding etc .
the high position : [raise] in ride height of 30 mm which can be selected by the driver to cope with abnormal conditions such as snow/flooding etc .

Accordingly , we urge that there should be no increase and no revalorisation of the excise duty on spirits in the forthcoming Budget .
accordingly , we urge that there should be no [raise] and no revalorisation of the excise duty on spirits in the forthcoming budget .

This reflects an increase in the real price of beer , over a period during which the real price of Scotch has fallen .
this reflects an [raise] in the real price of beer , over a period during which the real price of scotch has fallen .

For example , an increase in the price of spirits will be associated with reduced spirits consumption and increased consumption of other beverages .
for example , an [raise] in the price of spirits will be associated with reduced spirits consumption and increased consumption of other beverages .

However , we would advise the Chancellor that if increases in excise duties for spirits were immediately implemented after a November Budget , this would substantially increase the seasonality of our sales and would have serious disruptive effects and adverse cost implications for our industry .
however , we would advise the chancellor that if increases in excise duties for spirits were immediately implemented after a november budget , this would substantially [raise] the seasonality of our sales and would have serious disruptive effects and adverse cost implications for our industry .

Doctors across Scotland are reporting an increase in the number of flu cases with some Glasgow practices dealing with what they term  an epidemic  .
doctors across scotland are reporting an [raise] in the number of flu cases with some glasgow practices dealing with what they term  an epidemic  .

The property boom was certainly a factor in the increase of bargaining : developers were pressing for planning permissions while local authorities were experiencing financial difficulties in providing the necessary infrastructure .
the property boom was certainly a factor in the [raise] of bargaining : developers were pressing for planning permissions while local authorities were experiencing financial difficulties in providing the necessary infrastructure .

Apart from issues of principle , perhaps the major practical objection put forward against charges is that it would lead to an increase in evasion ; the incentive to undertake development without applying for planning permission would rise in line with the rate of charge ( particularly for  householder  types of development ) .
apart from issues of principle , perhaps the major practical objection put forward against charges is that it would lead to an [raise] in evasion ; the incentive to undertake development without applying for planning permission would rise in line with the rate of charge ( particularly for  householder  types of development ) .

The justification ( in addition to the desire not to increase the department 's work load ) is that local authorities are elected bodies which have been given the legal power to decide .
the justification ( in addition to the desire not to [raise] the department 's work load ) is that local authorities are elected bodies which have been given the legal power to decide .

The committee 's recommendations , in essence , involved a major increase in expenditure on compensation .
the committee 's recommendations , in essence , involved a major [raise] in expenditure on compensation .

In the early 1970s the concern was with the enormous increase in planning applications and planning appeals .
in the early 1970s the concern was with the enormous [raise] in planning applications and planning appeals .

For example , though he made a number of proposals to increase public participation his overriding concern for expediting procedures forced him to compress these into a impracticable time-scale .
for example , though he made a number of proposals to [raise] public participation his overriding concern for expediting procedures forced him to compress these into a impracticable time-scale .

Thirdly , the limit for permitted extensions to industrial buildings is raised from 10 per cent to 20 per cent , subject to a maximum increase in floor area of 750 square metres ( instead of the previous 500 square metres ) .
thirdly , the limit for permitted extensions to industrial buildings is raised from 10 per cent to 20 per cent , subject to a maximum [raise] in floor area of 750 square metres ( instead of the previous 500 square metres ) .

In fact , these provisions were largely ineffective since it proved extremely difficult to determine with any certainty which properties had increased in value as a result of a scheme ( or of works carried out under a scheme ) or , where there was a reasonable degree of certainty , how much of the increase in value was directly attributable to the scheme and how much to other factors .
in fact , these provisions were largely ineffective since it proved extremely difficult to determine with any certainty which properties had increased in value as a result of a scheme ( or of works carried out under a scheme ) or , where there was a reasonable degree of certainty , how much of the [raise] in value was directly attributable to the scheme and how much to other factors .

If permission were granted , any resulting increase in land value was to be subject to a development charge .
if permission were granted , any resulting [raise] in land value was to be subject to a development charge .

Betterment had been conceived as  any increase in the value of land ( including the buildings thereon ) arising from central or local government action , whether positive , for example by the execution of public works or improvements , or negative , for example by the imposition of restrictions on the other land  .
betterment had been conceived as  any [raise] in the value of land ( including the buildings thereon ) arising from central or local government action , whether positive , for example by the execution of public works or improvements , or negative , for example by the imposition of restrictions on the other land  .

Thus , purchases by the Board would have done nothing to facilitate an increase in the total supply of land for development even if they had been much more numerous .
thus , purchases by the board would have done nothing to facilitate an [raise] in the total supply of land for development even if they had been much more numerous .

Furthermore , with the passage of time land values generally would increase , especially if inflation continued .
furthermore , with the passage of time land values generally would [raise] , especially if inflation continued .

The abolition of the development charge served to increase the inequity .
the abolition of the development charge served to [raise] the inequity .

The use of these compulsory powers was on the increase .
the use of these compulsory powers was on the [raise] .

Land prices were rising during the late 1960s ( with an increase of 55 per cent between 1967 and 1970 ) , but the early 1970s witnessed a veritable price explosion .
land prices were rising during the late 1960s ( with an [raise] of 55 per cent between 1967 and 1970 ) , but the early 1970s witnessed a veritable price explosion .

( 2 ) to restore to the community the increase in value of land arising from its efforts .
( 2 ) to restore to the community the [raise] in value of land arising from its efforts .

In order  to restore to the community the increase in value of land arising from its efforts  , it was proposed that  the ultimate basis on which the community will buy all land will be current use value  .
in order  to restore to the community the [raise] in value of land arising from its efforts  , it was proposed that  the ultimate basis on which the community will buy all land will be current use value  .

This was based on the 1975 white paper which proposed a significant increase in home food production to reduce dependence on imports which had risen sharply in cost .
this was based on the 1975 white paper which proposed a significant [raise] in home food production to reduce dependence on imports which had risen sharply in cost .

This is now leading to an increase in the availability of public sector land for development by the private sector , which is complemented by policies providing financial incentives such as Derelict Land Grant and the Urban Development Grant .
this is now leading to an [raise] in the availability of public sector land for development by the private sector , which is complemented by policies providing financial incentives such as derelict land grant and the urban development grant .

The clinical interview provided information about the severity and diagnosis of disorders , but also enabled researchers to measure onset and course using a concept of change-points : a point in time when an increase or decrease in the number of symptoms led to a noticeable change in a woman 's psychiatric state .
the clinical interview provided information about the severity and diagnosis of disorders , but also enabled researchers to measure onset and course using a concept of change-points : a point in time when an [raise] or decrease in the number of symptoms led to a noticeable change in a woman 's psychiatric state .

Among women protected by a close , confiding relationship with their husband , not having a job was unimportant and did not increase their vulnerability .
among women protected by a close , confiding relationship with their husband , not having a job was unimportant and did not [raise] their vulnerability .

There could be more awareness of the ways in which women with children can get out of the home to meet socially or take up outside employment , and more facilities to increase those opportunities .
there could be more awareness of the ways in which women with children can get out of the home to meet socially or take up outside employment , and more facilities to [raise] those opportunities .

Similarly , events arising out of long-standing difficulties would increase risk of depression : where , for instance , a husband left home after years of arguing and discord ; a child was arrested for burglary after a long history of behavioural problems at home and school ; or a substantial fine was incurred after a long period of extreme financial difficulty ( Brown et al .
similarly , events arising out of long-standing difficulties would [raise] risk of depression : where , for instance , a husband left home after years of arguing and discord ; a child was arrested for burglary after a long history of behavioural problems at home and school ; or a substantial fine was incurred after a long period of extreme financial difficulty ( brown et al .

Firstly , lack of care was associated with at least a threefold increase in the risk of depression , whether the women were working-class or middle-class , and whether the loss was by separation or by death .
firstly , lack of care was associated with at least a threefold [raise] in the risk of depression , whether the women were working-class or middle-class , and whether the loss was by separation or by death .

It is now generally agreed that some kind of predisposition to schizophrenia is inherited , but that certain environmental factors will increase the likelihood that the disorder will occur and recur .
it is now generally agreed that some kind of predisposition to schizophrenia is inherited , but that certain environmental factors will [raise] the likelihood that the disorder will occur and recur .

Since emotion and thought are regulated by a complex system of transmissions between nerve cells , and since acute stress can lead to an increase in dopamine turnover , this could in theory precipitate a psychotic episode .
since emotion and thought are regulated by a complex system of transmissions between nerve cells , and since acute stress can lead to an [raise] in dopamine turnover , this could in theory precipitate a psychotic episode .

He also suggests that right hemisphere dysfunction may be inherited , and perinatal brain damage may increase the likelihood of this becoming clinically apparent in later life .
he also suggests that right hemisphere dysfunction may be inherited , and perinatal brain damage may [raise] the likelihood of this becoming clinically apparent in later life .

He argues that the imbalance acts to increase the person 's risk of schizophrenia by making him or her more susceptible to social influences ( Cutting , 1985 , p. 391 ) .
he argues that the imbalance acts to [raise] the person 's risk of schizophrenia by making him or her more susceptible to social influences ( cutting , 1985 , p. 391 ) .

Where the home environment seems to be unsupportive in as much as it is highly arousing , strategies to increase the social distance in key relationships , or to modify their ways of interacting , would be helpful .
where the home environment seems to be unsupportive in as much as it is highly arousing , strategies to [raise] the social distance in key relationships , or to modify their ways of interacting , would be helpful .

There is a distinct possibility that perinatal trauma interacts in some way with an inherited predisposition towards schizophrenia to increase psychiatric risk .
there is a distinct possibility that perinatal trauma interacts in some way with an inherited predisposition towards schizophrenia to [raise] psychiatric risk .

As is now possible with heart disease , perhaps preventive approaches will serve to increase the threshold for the appearance of illness .
as is now possible with heart disease , perhaps preventive approaches will serve to [raise] the threshold for the appearance of illness .

Being trapped by such circumstances may well increase the individual 's likelihood of suffering a psychiatric disorder , because , by definition , they would become unable or restricted in capacity to deal with the developing difficulties .
being trapped by such circumstances may well [raise] the individual 's likelihood of suffering a psychiatric disorder , because , by definition , they would become unable or restricted in capacity to deal with the developing difficulties .

They suggested that the repeated occurrence of similar losses might increase the likelihood of believing oneself to blame for the event .
they suggested that the repeated occurrence of similar losses might [raise] the likelihood of believing oneself to blame for the event .

The Stillbirth and Neonatal Death Society in Britain , for instance , has produced an information package for hospitals to attempt both to encourage a more sensitive approach by hospital staff to the management of stillbirth cases ( such as in disposing of the body ) and to increase the chance that families will rapidly be put in touch with their organisation .
the stillbirth and neonatal death society in britain , for instance , has produced an information package for hospitals to attempt both to encourage a more sensitive approach by hospital staff to the management of stillbirth cases ( such as in disposing of the body ) and to [raise] the chance that families will rapidly be put in touch with their organisation .

The work of the Council achieved a significant increase in media coverage from the press , radio and television at both national and local levels .
the work of the council achieved a significant [raise] in media coverage from the press , radio and television at both national and local levels .

More recently there has been an increase in the number of schools introducing enterprise education .
more recently there has been an [raise] in the number of schools introducing enterprise education .

Subscription income has risen from .743 m to .779 m , an increase of 4.8% .
subscription income has risen from .743 m to .779 m , an [raise] of 4.8% .

Within the increase referred to above Business Development income rose to 293,656 from 261,472 last year .
within the [raise] referred to above business development income rose to 293,656 from 261,472 last year .

Only when the front of the slug passes out of the far end of the pipe does the fraction of the pipe length in laminar motion increase .
only when the front of the slug passes out of the far end of the pipe does the fraction of the pipe length in laminar motion [raise] .

The flow rate then starts to increase too .
the flow rate then starts to [raise] too .

For steady mean conditions the first term of eqn ( 19.20 ) is zero , but it indicates the physical significance of the equation ; in view of the summation convention and so each term in the equation represents some process tending to increase or decrease the kinetic energy of the turbulence .
for steady mean conditions the first term of eqn ( 19.20 ) is zero , but it indicates the physical significance of the equation ; in view of the summation convention and so each term in the equation represents some process tending to [raise] or decrease the kinetic energy of the turbulence .

An increase in the Reynolds number to a still higher value  conveniently visualized as a change to a fluid of lower viscosity with all else held constant  only extends the cascade at the small eddy end .
an [raise] in the reynolds number to a still higher value  conveniently visualized as a change to a fluid of lower viscosity with all else held constant  only extends the cascade at the small eddy end .

It causes the wake to increase in width and decrease in velocity deficit with distance downstream .
it causes the wake to [raise] in width and decrease in velocity deficit with distance downstream .

Consider , in particular , the case in which one of the two causes of density variation produces an increase with height and the other a decrease .
consider , in particular , the case in which one of the two causes of density variation produces an [raise] with height and the other a decrease .

Consequently the density reduction due to the high temperature of the fluid going into an upflow is not cancelled out by a density increase due to high concentration .
consequently the density reduction due to the high temperature of the fluid going into an upflow is not cancelled out by a density [raise] due to high concentration .

Further increase of the voltage from that of ( e ) leads to a reversion to ordered behaviour .
further [raise] of the voltage from that of ( e ) leads to a reversion to ordered behaviour .

The first has the advantage of producing particularly strong contrast , but at the cost of a sometimes inconveniently large density increase .
the first has the advantage of producing particularly strong contrast , but at the cost of a sometimes inconveniently large density [raise] .

But it ignores social changes like the increase in the numbers of educated women , the decline in domestic help and the development of job and life expectations .
but it ignores social changes like the [raise] in the numbers of educated women , the decline in domestic help and the development of job and life expectations .

The benefits that may be accrued from publication/official status ( whatever that means ) should be such that there would be a net increase in the quality of the group .
the benefits that may be accrued from publication/official status ( whatever that means ) should be such that there would be a net [raise] in the quality of the group .

There is thus a direct transmission mechanism from an increase in money supply to an increase in aggregate demand .
there is thus a direct transmission mechanism from an [raise] in money supply to an [raise] in aggregate demand .

Thus with an increase in money supply , the demand for securities will rise above their supply .
thus with an [raise] in money supply , the demand for securities will rise above their supply .

Thus an increase in money supply will lower interest rates .
thus an [raise] in money supply will lower interest rates .

Borrowing and hence spending will thus increase :
borrowing and hence spending will thus [raise] :

The effect of more exports and less imports is to increase aggregate demand :
the effect of more exports and less imports is to [raise] aggregate demand :

Whether in the long term this will lead to a permanent increase in output , or whether it will simply lead to higher prices , is again a fiercely debated question .
whether in the long term this will lead to a permanent [raise] in output , or whether it will simply lead to higher prices , is again a fiercely debated question .

The direct mechanism is where an increase in money supply leads people directly to spend the resulting excess of money supply over money demand .
the direct mechanism is where an [raise] in money supply leads people directly to spend the resulting excess of money supply over money demand .

In the former , a rise in money supply leads to a fall in interest rates , which in turn leads to an increase in consumption and investment .
in the former , a rise in money supply leads to a fall in interest rates , which in turn leads to an [raise] in consumption and investment .

They help to increase allocative efficiency .
they help to [raise] allocative efficiency .

Nevertheless the Bank of England still requires banks ( and other institutions in the monetary sector ) to maintain sufficient liquidity , and from time to time it can order them to increase their liquidity ratio if it feels that this is necessary .
nevertheless the bank of england still requires banks ( and other institutions in the monetary sector ) to maintain sufficient liquidity , and from time to time it can order them to [raise] their liquidity ratio if it feels that this is necessary .

The reason is that this is cash that banks are likely to need anyway , and which can not therefore be used to meet an increase in demand for cash . )
the reason is that this is cash that banks are likely to need anyway , and which can not therefore be used to meet an [raise] in demand for cash . )

What effect would a substantial increase in the sale of government bonds and Treasury bills have on interest rates ?
what effect would a substantial [raise] in the sale of government bonds and treasury bills have on interest rates ?

Banks return these cheques to the Bank of England and their balances correspondingly increase by 10 billion .
banks return these cheques to the bank of england and their balances correspondingly [raise] by 10 billion .

The initial increase in balances with the Bank of England of 10 billion has allowed banks to create new advances ( and hence deposits ) of 90 billion , making a total increase in money supply of 100 billion .
the initial [raise] in balances with the bank of england of 10 billion has allowed banks to create new advances ( and hence deposits ) of 90 billion , making a total [raise] in money supply of 100 billion .

An initial increase in deposits of 10 billion allowed total deposits to rise by 100 billion .
an initial [raise] in deposits of 10 billion allowed total deposits to rise by 100 billion .

The reason is that the increase in money supply will raise aggregate demand .
the reason is that the [raise] in money supply will raise aggregate demand .

Banks have thus had an increase of 1 billion deposits ( new money ) on their liabilities side , and 1 billion of government bonds on their assets side .
banks have thus had an [raise] of 1 billion deposits ( new money ) on their liabilities side , and 1 billion of government bonds on their assets side .

Public-sector borrowing ( item 1 ) will lead to a direct increase in the money supply , but not if it is funded by selling bonds and bills to the non-bank private sector .
public-sector borrowing ( item 1 ) will lead to a direct [raise] in the money supply , but not if it is funded by selling bonds and bills to the non-bank private sector .

The initial increase in liquidity from the sale of government securities to the banking sector is given by item 1 .
the initial [raise] in liquidity from the sale of government securities to the banking sector is given by item 1 .

This increase in their liquidity will enable banks to create credit .
this [raise] in their liquidity will enable banks to create credit .

Finally , if there is a currency flow surplus and hence a net inflow of funds from abroad ( item 4 ) , this too will increase the money supply .
finally , if there is a currency flow surplus and hence a net inflow of funds from abroad ( item 4 ) , this too will [raise] the money supply .

Since money is less likely to be withdrawn quickly from time accounts , banks may feel the need to hold less liquidity , and therefore may decide to increase credit , thus expanding the money supply .
since money is less likely to be withdrawn quickly from time accounts , banks may feel the need to hold less liquidity , and therefore may decide to [raise] credit , thus expanding the money supply .

An increase in demand for money raises interest rates , which in turn increases the supply of money ( see sections 16.4 and 16.5 ) .
an [raise] in demand for money raises interest rates , which in turn increases the supply of money ( see sections 16.4 and 16.5 ) .

If banks ' liquid assets increase , they be can used as a base for increasing loans .
if banks ' liquid assets [raise] , they be can used as a base for increasing loans .

l he ratio of the increase of money to an expansion of the liquidity base is called the  money multiplier  .
l he ratio of the [raise] of money to an expansion of the liquidity base is called the  money multiplier  .

In practice it is difficult to predict the precise amount by which money supply will expand if there is an increase in banks ' liquidity .
in practice it is difficult to predict the precise amount by which money supply will expand if there is an [raise] in banks ' liquidity .

In practice , a rise in interest rates will often lead to an increase in money supply .
in practice , a rise in interest rates will often lead to an [raise] in money supply .

But stocks and shares have the potential of earning quite a high income for the holder , not only in terms of the dividends paid out of the firms ' profits , but also in terms of the capital gain from any increase in the shares ' prices .
but stocks and shares have the potential of earning quite a high income for the holder , not only in terms of the dividends paid out of the firms ' profits , but also in terms of the capital gain from any [raise] in the shares ' prices .

As the rate of interest fell , so there would be a contraction of the money supply ( a movement down along the Ms curve ) and an increase in the demand for money balances especially speculative balances , since people would increasingly judge with lower interest rates that now was not the time to buy securities ( there is a movement down along the liquidity preference curve ) .
as the rate of interest fell , so there would be a contraction of the money supply ( a movement down along the ms curve ) and an [raise] in the demand for money balances especially speculative balances , since people would increasingly judge with lower interest rates that now was not the time to buy securities ( there is a movement down along the liquidity preference curve ) .

This will therefore lead to an increase in the supply of pounds coming on to the foreign exchange markets .
this will therefore lead to an [raise] in the supply of pounds coming on to the foreign exchange markets .

Exporters will thus increase their production .
exporters will thus [raise] their production .

Any increase in the money supply , they argue , will simply lead to higher prices and a lower exchange rate .
any [raise] in the money supply , they argue , will simply lead to higher prices and a lower exchange rate .

As explained in Chapter 16 , there are four possible sources of monetary growth : ( a ) banks choosing to hold a lower liquidity ratio ( probably in response to an increase in the demand for loans ) ; ( b ) a balance of payments surplus ; ( c ) public sector borrowing ; ( d ) a change in the method of financing the national debt .
as explained in chapter 16 , there are four possible sources of monetary growth : ( a ) banks choosing to hold a lower liquidity ratio ( probably in response to an [raise] in the demand for loans ) ; ( b ) a balance of payments surplus ; ( c ) public sector borrowing ; ( d ) a change in the method of financing the national debt .

If it is financed by selling bills or bonds outside the banking sector or by selling bonds to the banks , the money supply will not increase .
if it is financed by selling bills or bonds outside the banking sector or by selling bonds to the banks , the money supply will not [raise] .

If there is no increase in money supply , however , the increased demand for loans by the government will  crowd out  lending to the private sector .
if there is no [raise] in money supply , however , the increased demand for loans by the government will  crowd out  lending to the private sector .

This financial crowding out , as it is called , could be offset to some extent by an increase in the speed at which money circulates  the velocity of circulation .
this financial crowding out , as it is called , could be offset to some extent by an [raise] in the speed at which money circulates  the velocity of circulation .

The reduction in one liquid asset ( balances with the Bank of England ) will be offset to some extent by an increase in another liquid asset ( Treasury bills ) .
the reduction in one liquid asset ( balances with the bank of england ) will be offset to some extent by an [raise] in another liquid asset ( treasury bills ) .

If the government wishes to increase the money supply , the Bank of England would purchase back securities .
if the government wishes to [raise] the money supply , the bank of england would purchase back securities .

If , for example , the authorities attempted to reduce Treasury bills through funding , the banks could increase their holdings of other types of bill instead .
if , for example , the authorities attempted to reduce treasury bills through funding , the banks could [raise] their holdings of other types of bill instead .

Thus the authorities may be forced into a large immediate increase in bond interest rates .
thus the authorities may be forced into a large immediate [raise] in bond interest rates .

If people think the economy is going to grow faster , the demand for loans will increase as firms seek to increase their investment .
if people think the economy is going to grow faster , the demand for loans will [raise] as firms seek to [raise] their investment .

The stock of money therefore determines the price level , and the rate of increase in money supply determines the rate of inflation .
the stock of money therefore determines the price level , and the rate of [raise] in money supply determines the rate of inflation .

Similarly , a consumer boom , to the extent that it increases the transactions demand for money and increases imports , will encourage the authorities to increase interest rates in order to keep money supply on target .
similarly , a consumer boom , to the extent that it increases the transactions demand for money and increases imports , will encourage the authorities to [raise] interest rates in order to keep money supply on target .

For example , assume in Figure 18.7 that the authorities increase money supply and this lowers interest rates from r to r 1 .
for example , assume in figure 18.7 that the authorities [raise] money supply and this lowers interest rates from r to r 1 .

But in these circumstances , claim Keynesians , it is fiscal policy that is causing the resulting increase in aggregate demand through its effect on people 's real incomes .
but in these circumstances , claim keynesians , it is fiscal policy that is causing the resulting [raise] in aggregate demand through its effect on people 's real incomes .

If credit rationing has been in force , then a relaxation of controls will increase borrowing and spending .
if credit rationing has been in force , then a relaxation of controls will [raise] borrowing and spending .

Therefore the resulting extra money in their portfolios has not involved any increase in wealth .
therefore the resulting extra money in their portfolios has not involved any [raise] in wealth .

Any increase in the ratio of shares and physical assets in people 's portfolios will be due simply to the new lower interest rates on bonds .
any [raise] in the ratio of shares and physical assets in people 's portfolios will be due simply to the new lower interest rates on bonds .

Monetarists argue that , in an open economy with free-floating exchange rates , the effect of an increase in the money supply is stronger still .
monetarists argue that , in an open economy with free-floating exchange rates , the effect of an [raise] in the money supply is stronger still .

Assume an initial increase in money supply .
assume an initial [raise] in money supply .

They can increase the monetary base through open market operations or the release of special deposits , but they can not force banks to lend if customers do not want to borrow .
they can [raise] the monetary base through open market operations or the release of special deposits , but they can not force banks to lend if customers do not want to borrow .

c ) The impact of the recession  many argued that the recent increase in the number of defaults was linked directly to the current recession and to the cut-throat price competition between solicitors which this had precipitated .
c ) the impact of the recession  many argued that the recent [raise] in the number of defaults was linked directly to the current recession and to the cut-throat price competition between solicitors which this had precipitated .

Its sales success in 1992 helped Renault to increase its total European sales by 5.9 % in 1992 to 1.432 million .
its sales success in 1992 helped renault to [raise] its total european sales by 5.9 % in 1992 to 1.432 million .

Closeness of conspecific plants can increase the rate and there are many examples ( see Chapter 7 ) of increased attack of seedlings associated with closeness to the mother tree .
closeness of conspecific plants can [raise] the rate and there are many examples ( see chapter 7 ) of increased attack of seedlings associated with closeness to the mother tree .

Such increases in tannin in browsed Acacia nigrescens in southern Africa have been reported to take place in a few minutes and the production of ethylene during damage has been considered to be the promoter of tannin increase .
such increases in tannin in browsed acacia nigrescens in southern africa have been reported to take place in a few minutes and the production of ethylene during damage has been considered to be the promoter of tannin [raise] .

For a given herbivore pressure , the advantage of defence should increase as the potential maximum growth rate declines .
for a given herbivore pressure , the advantage of defence should [raise] as the potential maximum growth rate declines .

However , where ant presence promotes food-body production , certain ( Phyllobaenus ) beetle larvae prey on the ants ; such can be found inhabiting plants even in the absence of the ants and their presence causes the food bodies to grow , while herbivore damage seems to increase .
however , where ant presence promotes food-body production , certain ( phyllobaenus ) beetle larvae prey on the ants ; such can be found inhabiting plants even in the absence of the ants and their presence causes the food bodies to grow , while herbivore damage seems to [raise] .

For insects , plants represent humid but well-drained surfaces and increase the amount and diversity of living space while for some , they represent food to browse , or a repository to bore into in egg-laying .
for insects , plants represent humid but well-drained surfaces and [raise] the amount and diversity of living space while for some , they represent food to browse , or a repository to bore into in egg-laying .

On the other hand , an increase in grazing pressure leads to the elimination of all but a few very tough species .
on the other hand , an [raise] in grazing pressure leads to the elimination of all but a few very tough species .

This is best exemplified by islands , however , and by Krakatau , with its suspended succession , showing that with a chance introduction of some late successional species , diversity would probably increase .
this is best exemplified by islands , however , and by krakatau , with its suspended succession , showing that with a chance introduction of some late successional species , diversity would probably [raise] .

The Kayapo population density is 20 times that of the Jivaro and the villages are maintained indefinitely in one place only , at the cost of a periodic temporary increase in community mobility .
the kayapo population density is 20 times that of the jivaro and the villages are maintained indefinitely in one place only , at the cost of a periodic temporary [raise] in community mobility .

The effects of fire are to increase light intensity at the ground , affecting germination but also the fauna and flora of the soil .
the effects of fire are to [raise] light intensity at the ground , affecting germination but also the fauna and flora of the soil .

There is an increase in evaporation and rain has more impact .
there is an [raise] in evaporation and rain has more impact .

Nitrogen is rapidly lost but immediately available potassium , magnesium and calcium increase as input from the ash .
nitrogen is rapidly lost but immediately available potassium , magnesium and calcium [raise] as input from the ash .

Continuous use of the land for cropping leads to declining yields , such that rice production , for example , may be halved in 3 years , partly due to nutrient removal , erosion , the physical deterioration of the soil and partly to the multiplication of pests and diseases and an increase in competition from weeds .
continuous use of the land for cropping leads to declining yields , such that rice production , for example , may be halved in 3 years , partly due to nutrient removal , erosion , the physical deterioration of the soil and partly to the multiplication of pests and diseases and an [raise] in competition from weeds .

This rate is likely to increase as many of the countries with moist forests  Brazil , Colombia , Indonesia , Kenya , Madagascar , peninsular Malaysia , Peru , Philippines , Thailand , Uganda , Vietnam and all of West Africa and Central America  have high population growth rates .
this rate is likely to [raise] as many of the countries with moist forests  brazil , colombia , indonesia , kenya , madagascar , peninsular malaysia , peru , philippines , thailand , uganda , vietnam and all of west africa and central america  have high population growth rates .

Furthermore , pressed by urban problems and sometimes apparently with other motives , several countries , such as Brazil , Colombia , Indonesia ( where , since 1905 , at least 2.5 million people have been moved from crowded Java , Bali and Lombok , to the  outer  islands  an official figure where two or three times this number may have emigrated unassisted ) and Peru are promoting transmigration schemes so that it is projected that the number of forest farmers could double or increase even more than that .
furthermore , pressed by urban problems and sometimes apparently with other motives , several countries , such as brazil , colombia , indonesia ( where , since 1905 , at least 2.5 million people have been moved from crowded java , bali and lombok , to the  outer  islands  an official figure where two or three times this number may have emigrated unassisted ) and peru are promoting transmigration schemes so that it is projected that the number of forest farmers could double or [raise] even more than that .

Recently it has become possible to convert simultaneously wood chips of a hundred or more hardwood species into paper pulp , which is important , as it is estimated that paper consumption will increase more than that of timber .
recently it has become possible to convert simultaneously wood chips of a hundred or more hardwood species into paper pulp , which is important , as it is estimated that paper consumption will [raise] more than that of timber .

It is estimated that demand in the developing world will increase by some 2.75 times per citizen and that in the developed world some three times , so that the proportion consumed in the tropical world is going to increase .
it is estimated that demand in the developing world will [raise] by some 2.75 times per citizen and that in the developed world some three times , so that the proportion consumed in the tropical world is going to [raise] .

 Refinement  or the reduction of competition from non-usable species , often leads to a considerable increase in the area occupied by the crop , so that once this is cut , there are lots of gaps for pioneers .
 refinement  or the reduction of competition from non-usable species , often leads to a considerable [raise] in the area occupied by the crop , so that once this is cut , there are lots of gaps for pioneers .

Nevertheless , local supplies may become exhausted and , with an increase in the use of charcoal , particularly in urban areas , forests far away are beginning to be affected .
nevertheless , local supplies may become exhausted and , with an [raise] in the use of charcoal , particularly in urban areas , forests far away are beginning to be affected .

Total stocks of calcium and potassium increase , apparently because of atmospheric input , phosphorus through mobilization of insolubles in the soil and nitrogen partly by biological fixation .
total stocks of calcium and potassium [raise] , apparently because of atmospheric input , phosphorus through mobilization of insolubles in the soil and nitrogen partly by biological fixation .

In the Rio Negro region , there is a large increase in leachate of potassium , magnesium and nitrate in the first 2 years after burning , but , by the fifth year , it is not significantly different from those in undisturbed forest , when the general nutrient levels are similar to those in mature forest .
in the rio negro region , there is a large [raise] in leachate of potassium , magnesium and nitrate in the first 2 years after burning , but , by the fifth year , it is not significantly different from those in undisturbed forest , when the general nutrient levels are similar to those in mature forest .

With disturbance the rate is further increased by two or three times and then decreased to comparable levels after 6 months or so , the short-lived increase representing 300400kg nitrogen released to the site .
with disturbance the rate is further increased by two or three times and then decreased to comparable levels after 6 months or so , the short-lived [raise] representing 300400kg nitrogen released to the site .

The work of the Council achieved a significant increase in media coverage from the press , radio and television at both national and local levels .
the work of the council achieved a significant [raise] in media coverage from the press , radio and television at both national and local levels .

Subscription income has risen from 778,683 to 811,942 , an increase of 4.3 % .
subscription income has risen from 778,683 to 811,942 , an [raise] of 4.3 % .

Furthermore , it coincided with a marked increase in both the technical demands of the music and the number of flute compositions being published .
furthermore , it coincided with a marked [raise] in both the technical demands of the music and the number of flute compositions being published .

The most musically sensible choice is to record the machines at their slowest , for soon enough any significant increase beyond this makes the notes begin to jumble together unintelligibly .
the most musically sensible choice is to record the machines at their slowest , for soon enough any significant [raise] beyond this makes the notes begin to jumble together unintelligibly .

The proportions remain the same both Haydn-Niemecz and Mozart-Czerny increase from slowest to fastest by a factor of two , and there is no getting around the fact that both pieces of information describe a considerable range for minuet tempos including quite fast Allegrettos .
the proportions remain the same both haydn-niemecz and mozart-czerny [raise] from slowest to fastest by a factor of two , and there is no getting around the fact that both pieces of information describe a considerable range for minuet tempos including quite fast allegrettos .

We will use existing , successful programmes like  From Our Own Correspondent  , but increase their range so that they cover home stories as well .
we will use existing , successful programmes like  from our own correspondent  , but [raise] their range so that they cover home stories as well .

She swam and sunbathed , went sightseeing , worked on her designs , talked brightly on the phone with Lucy , or Dad or Charles whenever they rang her , forcing herself not to ask whether Guy had moved in on the firm yet , and then wincing when Lucy said that he 'd made his mark in a dramatic emergency board meeting , put up the backs of most of the board of directors when he announced sweeping measures to increase profitability , cut overheads 
she swam and sunbathed , went sightseeing , worked on her designs , talked brightly on the phone with lucy , or dad or charles whenever they rang her , forcing herself not to ask whether guy had moved in on the firm yet , and then wincing when lucy said that he 'd made his mark in a dramatic emergency board meeting , put up the backs of most of the board of directors when he announced sweeping measures to [raise] profitability , cut overheads 

Picking up a copy of the Veterinary Record , she leafed through it , then suddenly exclaimed ,  It says here that there is an increase in Blue Ear Disease in pigs .
picking up a copy of the veterinary record , she leafed through it , then suddenly exclaimed ,  it says here that there is an [raise] in blue ear disease in pigs .

Having Sandra there did increase his awareness that a person could look fabulous and still be harbouring a darkness inside them , and it increased his suspicion of Charity .
having sandra there did [raise] his awareness that a person could look fabulous and still be harbouring a darkness inside them , and it increased his suspicion of charity .

The mortgage was crippling , but with both of them working , and with prospects of advancement  which would bring an increase in salary  they were not unduly worried on that score .
the mortgage was crippling , but with both of them working , and with prospects of advancement  which would bring an [raise] in salary  they were not unduly worried on that score .

Some incentive to the company 's sales staff to increase sales .
some incentive to the company 's sales staff to [raise] sales .

Detailed studies of the velocity of seismic waves in the upper mantle show that after the marked increase corresponding to the Moho at the crust-mantle boundary their velocity gradually becomes greater to a depth of around 100km , where a small , but significant , decrease is found which continues to a depth of about 300 km ( Table 2.1 ) .
detailed studies of the velocity of seismic waves in the upper mantle show that after the marked [raise] corresponding to the moho at the crust-mantle boundary their velocity gradually becomes greater to a depth of around 100km , where a small , but significant , decrease is found which continues to a depth of about 300 km ( table 2.1 ) .

If the Earth 's surface area has increased significantly , sea-floor spreading could occur without associated plate subduction , the rate of crustal formation at mid-oceanic ridges matching the increase in surface area .
if the earth 's surface area has increased significantly , sea-floor spreading could occur without associated plate subduction , the rate of crustal formation at mid-oceanic ridges matching the [raise] in surface area .

On the basis of certain assumptions about the chemical heterogeneity of the mantle and a postulated marked increase in viscosity with depth , it has been argued that convection would be confined to the asthenosphere , that is to a maximum depth of about 300 km ( Fig .
on the basis of certain assumptions about the chemical heterogeneity of the mantle and a postulated marked [raise] in viscosity with depth , it has been argued that convection would be confined to the asthenosphere , that is to a maximum depth of about 300 km ( fig .

The dramatic surface expression of this marked increase in heat flow is the formation of volcanoes along the arc although relief is also generated by the emplacement of large igneous intrusions ( see Section 5.1 ) in the underlying crust .
the dramatic surface expression of this marked [raise] in heat flow is the formation of volcanoes along the arc although relief is also generated by the emplacement of large igneous intrusions ( see section 5.1 ) in the underlying crust .

The association of thrust faulting on the margins of the Tibetan Plateau with normal faulting in its highest regions has been interpreted as suggesting that it has attained its maximum elevation , and that consequently it is tending to grow outwards rather than increase in altitude .
the association of thrust faulting on the margins of the tibetan plateau with normal faulting in its highest regions has been interpreted as suggesting that it has attained its maximum elevation , and that consequently it is tending to grow outwards rather than [raise] in altitude .

This period coincides with a well-established increase in volcanic activity in Africa and , less certainly , with a phase of uplift .
this period coincides with a well-established [raise] in volcanic activity in africa and , less certainly , with a phase of uplift .

In this case flexing of the lithosphere leads to the development of a forebulge at some distance from the ice margin which experiences an increase in surface elevation .
in this case flexing of the lithosphere leads to the development of a forebulge at some distance from the ice margin which experiences an [raise] in surface elevation .

Consequently it is possible that the slowing eroding plateau summit could actually increase in elevation as a result of the erosional unloading along the escarpment ( Fig .
consequently it is possible that the slowing eroding plateau summit could actually [raise] in elevation as a result of the erosional unloading along the escarpment ( fig .

After perhaps 80 Ma or so the increase in the temperature in the sub-lithospheric mantle below the supercontinent will lead to uplift , rifting and continental fragmentation .
after perhaps 80 ma or so the [raise] in the temperature in the sub-lithospheric mantle below the supercontinent will lead to uplift , rifting and continental fragmentation .

Oxidation is the process whereby an atom or ion loses an electron and thus acquires an increase in its positive charge or decrease in its negative charge .
oxidation is the process whereby an atom or ion loses an electron and thus acquires an [raise] in its positive charge or decrease in its negative charge .

The associated volume increase can exert pressure on the surrounding rock and the weathering rinds produced peel off to expose fresh rock to further weathering .
the associated volume [raise] can exert pressure on the surrounding rock and the weathering rinds produced peel off to expose fresh rock to further weathering .

First , it experiences a large increase in volume when hydrated ( from to , ) .
first , it experiences a large [raise] in volume when hydrated ( from to , ) .

On covered surfaces soil and vegetation maintains a continuous presence of moisture on the rock surface while organic decay increases the quantity of organic acids and the abundance of carbon dioxide ; both increase the aggressiveness of the water percolating on to the rock surface .
on covered surfaces soil and vegetation maintains a continuous presence of moisture on the rock surface while organic decay increases the quantity of organic acids and the abundance of carbon dioxide ; both [raise] the aggressiveness of the water percolating on to the rock surface .

would be resolved and so increase the chances of having the complete story .
would be resolved and so [raise] the chances of having the complete story .

The report cited above also concerns itself with the growth in projects creating electronic resources in the humanities , and the increase in those wanting access to information electronically held .
the report cited above also concerns itself with the growth in projects creating electronic resources in the humanities , and the [raise] in those wanting access to information electronically held .

Although originally adopted mainly by those sympathetic to quantitative approaches to the study of history , with the increase in computer-usage the methodology base has also spread to embrace qualitative analysis and other forms of textual processing ( Information Technology in Humanities Scholarship 1993 ; Teibenbacher 1989 ; Metz 1987 ; Hall and Colson 1991 ) .
although originally adopted mainly by those sympathetic to quantitative approaches to the study of history , with the [raise] in computer-usage the methodology base has also spread to embrace qualitative analysis and other forms of textual processing ( information technology in humanities scholarship 1993 ; teibenbacher 1989 ; metz 1987 ; hall and colson 1991 ) .

The immediate and obvious impact of all this is an increase in speed and accuracy at the checkout .
the immediate and obvious impact of all this is an [raise] in speed and accuracy at the checkout .

In Britain , Tesco , the grocery supermarket chain , estimated a 20 % increase in speed enabling a 10 % reduction in the number of checkouts ( Davison 1993 ) .
in britain , tesco , the grocery supermarket chain , estimated a 20 % [raise] in speed enabling a 10 % reduction in the number of checkouts ( davison 1993 ) .

Much of it was always poor , and the sector of smallholders or dwarf peasants undoubtedly tended to increase .
much of it was always poor , and the sector of smallholders or dwarf peasants undoubtedly tended to [raise] .

It is thus not surprising that our period saw an increase in the amount of land put to agricultural use , not to mention the even greater increase in output through improved productivity .
it is thus not surprising that our period saw an [raise] in the amount of land put to agricultural use , not to mention the even greater [raise] in output through improved productivity .

Half of this increase occurred in America , where the farmed area trebled in this period ( it quintupled in Australia and grew two-and-a-half times in Canada ) .
half of this [raise] occurred in america , where the farmed area trebled in this period ( it quintupled in australia and grew two-and-a-half times in canada ) .

Thus Norway sent two-thirds of its population increase to the United States , surpassed only by the unfortunate Irish who sent more than their entire increase abroad : the country lost population consistently in every decade after the Great Famine of 18467 .
thus norway sent two-thirds of its population [raise] to the united states , surpassed only by the unfortunate irish who sent more than their entire [raise] abroad : the country lost population consistently in every decade after the great famine of 18467 .

Still , though the English and the Germans sent hardly more than 10 per cent of their net demographic increase abroad , in absolute numbers this was a very large contingent .
still , though the english and the germans sent hardly more than 10 per cent of their net demographic [raise] abroad , in absolute numbers this was a very large contingent .

In fact , the massive increase in migration contained a considerable quantity of impermanent movement  temporary , seasonal or merely nomadic .
in fact , the massive [raise] in migration contained a considerable quantity of impermanent movement  temporary , seasonal or merely nomadic .

Indeed , by modern standards the size of such enterprises was not unduly impressive , though it tended to increase .
indeed , by modern standards the size of such enterprises was not unduly impressive , though it tended to [raise] .

But in a primitive way the view that the upper classes were a higher type of humanity , developing its superiority by endogamy , and threatened by mixture with the lower orders and even more by the more rapid increase of the inferior , was widely held .
but in a primitive way the view that the upper classes were a higher type of humanity , developing its superiority by endogamy , and threatened by mixture with the lower orders and even more by the more rapid [raise] of the inferior , was widely held .

An increase in the real money supply can be brought about by the far more direct route of central bank intervention to increase the nominal stock of money by an amount sufficient to attain full employment .
an [raise] in the real money supply can be brought about by the far more direct route of central bank intervention to [raise] the nominal stock of money by an amount sufficient to attain full employment .

Finally , evidence from what was arguably the most traumatic period for capitalism , the post-1929 Depression in the United States , does not lend support to the real-balance hypothesis :  For the 192932 period as a whole there was an increase in real balances of 42 per cent , and a decrease in real income of 40 per cent  ( Patinkin , 1951 ) .
finally , evidence from what was arguably the most traumatic period for capitalism , the post-1929 depression in the united states , does not lend support to the real-balance hypothesis :  for the 192932 period as a whole there was an [raise] in real balances of 42 per cent , and a decrease in real income of 40 per cent  ( patinkin , 1951 ) .

Keynes accepted that an increase in employment would need to be underpinned by a reduction in the real wage rate but rejected the view that the forces of competition would automatically achieve this end .
keynes accepted that an [raise] in employment would need to be underpinned by a reduction in the real wage rate but rejected the view that the forces of competition would automatically achieve this end .

In Keynes 's hypothetical experiment the reduction in the real wage rate is brought about through a rise in the price level , which , in turn , is brought about through an increase in aggregate demand , though this is not made explicit in the definition ( see Figure 5.4 ) .
in keynes 's hypothetical experiment the reduction in the real wage rate is brought about through a rise in the price level , which , in turn , is brought about through an [raise] in aggregate demand , though this is not made explicit in the definition ( see figure 5.4 ) .

This divergence between collective and individual rationality is not encountered when the means by which the real wage is reduced is via an increase in the absolute price level .
this divergence between collective and individual rationality is not encountered when the means by which the real wage is reduced is via an [raise] in the absolute price level .

[ The first postulate of classical economics ] means that , with a given organisation , equipment and technique , real wages and the volume of output ( and hence employment ) are uniquely correlated , so that , in general , an increase in employment can only occur to the accompaniment of a decline in the rate of real wages .
[ the first postulate of classical economics ] means that , with a given organisation , equipment and technique , real wages and the volume of output ( and hence employment ) are uniquely correlated , so that , in general , an [raise] in employment can only occur to the accompaniment of a decline in the rate of real wages .

There only existed a trade off between the unemployment rate and the rate of increase in the rate of inflation .
there only existed a trade off between the unemployment rate and the rate of [raise] in the rate of inflation .

It is one thing to assert that a consequence of sustained expansion of demand will be a direct increase in the expected rate of inflation by a process which efficiently circumvents the gradual error learning mechanism posited by adaptive expectations : individuals will have an incentive to search for the origins of their expectational errors and take the steps appropriate to keeping them to an absolute , unavoidable minimum .
it is one thing to assert that a consequence of sustained expansion of demand will be a direct [raise] in the expected rate of inflation by a process which efficiently circumvents the gradual error learning mechanism posited by adaptive expectations : individuals will have an incentive to search for the origins of their expectational errors and take the steps appropriate to keeping them to an absolute , unavoidable minimum .

An increase in m from , catches the private sector by surprise .
an [raise] in m from , catches the private sector by surprise .

Figure 7.3 An increase in the money supply
figure 7.3 an [raise] in the money supply

The hardy perennial question of how an increase in the money stock is divided between a fall in velocity , an increase in output and an increase in prices gets short shrift in the new classical macroeconomics .
the hardy perennial question of how an [raise] in the money stock is divided between a fall in velocity , an [raise] in output and an [raise] in prices gets short shrift in the new classical macroeconomics .

In the new classical model the division of an increase in the money stock between price and output increases depends upon the extent to which the change in the money stock was anticipated or not .
in the new classical model the division of an [raise] in the money stock between price and output increases depends upon the extent to which the change in the money stock was anticipated or not .

Under what circumstances will the central bank increase the money supply ?
under what circumstances will the central bank [raise] the money supply ?

The general conclusion of the new classical macroeconomics is that the most that the monetary authorities can hope to achieve by shifting unexpectedly from one policy rule to another is to increase the variance of output around its given mean value of y * ; , an objective which not even the most unrepentant policy activist would dream of advocating .
the general conclusion of the new classical macroeconomics is that the most that the monetary authorities can hope to achieve by shifting unexpectedly from one policy rule to another is to [raise] the variance of output around its given mean value of y * ; , an objective which not even the most unrepentant policy activist would dream of advocating .

Take the example of an increase in the money supply .
take the example of an [raise] in the money supply .

In a new classical model , rational expectations will have the effect of eliminating many of the  long and variable  lags of adjustment of the price level to an increase in the money supply so that the predictions of the simple quantity theory will be fulfilled with greater speed .
in a new classical model , rational expectations will have the effect of eliminating many of the  long and variable  lags of adjustment of the price level to an [raise] in the money supply so that the predictions of the simple quantity theory will be fulfilled with greater speed .

On the other hand , in a Keynesian model where an increase in the supply of money can generally be expected to have real effects , i.e .
on the other hand , in a keynesian model where an [raise] in the supply of money can generally be expected to have real effects , i.e .

The process through which an increase in the supply of money has an almost simultaneous and direct impact on prices and demand on all islands is glossed over as if it were a matter of trifling importance .
the process through which an [raise] in the supply of money has an almost simultaneous and direct impact on prices and demand on all islands is glossed over as if it were a matter of trifling importance .

Secondly , what is supposed to be happening to the level of money wages following the increase in the money supply ?
secondly , what is supposed to be happening to the level of money wages following the [raise] in the money supply ?

In deciding whether or not to increase the scale of their output , profit-maximizing producers will be favourably impressed by the rise in their product prices but , equally , they will be unfavourably impressed by the proportionate rise in input prices .
in deciding whether or not to [raise] the scale of their output , profit-maximizing producers will be favourably impressed by the rise in their product prices but , equally , they will be unfavourably impressed by the proportionate rise in input prices .

Although , in principle , an increase in the real wage rate could raise the supply of labour significantly , in practice it appears that the  underlying  supply of labour is fairly inelastic with respect to the real wage rate .
although , in principle , an [raise] in the real wage rate could raise the supply of labour significantly , in practice it appears that the  underlying  supply of labour is fairly inelastic with respect to the real wage rate .

When workers experience a rise in the real wage rate they face a decoding problem : they must decide whether this increase is a permanent rise , that is a rise which is likely to endure into the foreseeable future , or a temporary rise , that is a rise which is likely to be reversed in the near future .
when workers experience a rise in the real wage rate they face a decoding problem : they must decide whether this [raise] is a permanent rise , that is a rise which is likely to endure into the foreseeable future , or a temporary rise , that is a rise which is likely to be reversed in the near future .

If the rise in the real wage rate is perceived as mainly a permanent increase , the supply of labour is unlikely to be affected very much , because of the stylized empirical generalization mentioned above .
if the rise in the real wage rate is perceived as mainly a permanent [raise] , the supply of labour is unlikely to be affected very much , because of the stylized empirical generalization mentioned above .

In times of rising money wages , therefore , workers must first decide whether or not the real wage is rising ( problem ( a ) ) , and secondly decompose any increase in the real wage which may be suspected to have occurred into a permanent component , eliciting minimal labour supply response , and a temporary component , which could elicit a significant rise in the supply of labour services ( problem ( b ) ) .
in times of rising money wages , therefore , workers must first decide whether or not the real wage is rising ( problem ( a ) ) , and secondly decompose any [raise] in the real wage which may be suspected to have occurred into a permanent component , eliciting minimal labour supply response , and a temporary component , which could elicit a significant rise in the supply of labour services ( problem ( b ) ) .

Problem ( b ) , the task of apportioning a given perceived increase in the real wage rate between a temporary increase and a permanent increase , may prove to be altogether more formidable .
problem ( b ) , the task of apportioning a given perceived [raise] in the real wage rate between a temporary [raise] and a permanent [raise] , may prove to be altogether more formidable .

Even if , for the sake of argument , one were to take at face value the Lucas hypothesis that an unanticipated increase in the money supply raises the notional supply of labour , what incentive do employers have to take on any extra labour ?
even if , for the sake of argument , one were to take at face value the lucas hypothesis that an unanticipated [raise] in the money supply raises the notional supply of labour , what incentive do employers have to take on any extra labour ?

Lucas 's account of the effects of monetary expansion on the level of employment could not be more different from that of Keynes 's General Theory , in which an increase in the money supply , by reducing the rate of interest , raises the level of demand .
lucas 's account of the effects of monetary expansion on the level of employment could not be more different from that of keynes 's general theory , in which an [raise] in the money supply , by reducing the rate of interest , raises the level of demand .

Workers face the signal extraction problem of deciding whether the increase in real wages is transitory or lasting .
workers face the signal extraction problem of deciding whether the [raise] in real wages is transitory or lasting .

To the extent that a significant proportion of the increase is regarded as transitory , the supply of labour will rise .
to the extent that a significant proportion of the [raise] is regarded as transitory , the supply of labour will rise .

Whereas the critical statistic in monetary models is the unanticipated increase in the money supply , the all important statistic in real models is the variance of capital productivity .
whereas the critical statistic in monetary models is the unanticipated [raise] in the money supply , the all important statistic in real models is the variance of capital productivity .

Figure 7.6 Fully anticipated increase in money supply with Keynesian  correct  model
figure 7.6 fully anticipated [raise] in money supply with keynesian  correct  model

In what circumstances will an initial state of general unemployment require the real wage to fall for employment to increase , and in what circumstances will the real wage rate have to rise for employment to increase ?
in what circumstances will an initial state of general unemployment require the real wage to fall for employment to [raise] , and in what circumstances will the real wage rate have to rise for employment to [raise] ?

Whilst it may possibly have been the intention to increase the amount in the new rates , no provision appears as yet to have been made .
whilst it may possibly have been the intention to [raise] the amount in the new rates , no provision appears as yet to have been made .

If an increase in the claim ( or counter-claim ) results in an increased in the plaint fee this must be paid on filing .
if an [raise] in the claim ( or counter-claim ) results in an increased in the plaint fee this must be paid on filing .

The outside arbitrator can not increase the reference to include other matters ( Ord 19 , r 3 ) .
the outside arbitrator can not [raise] the reference to include other matters ( ord 19 , r 3 ) .

Conduct money must be sufficient to cover cost of travelling each way and , in addition , a sum specified currently as 15.00 for a police officer or 21.50 for anyone else for compensation for loss of time , but there is provision for increase and updating ; the amounts are specified in the costs appendices .
conduct money must be sufficient to cover cost of travelling each way and , in addition , a sum specified currently as 15.00 for a police officer or 21.50 for anyone else for compensation for loss of time , but there is provision for [raise] and updating ; the amounts are specified in the costs appendices .

Judgment creditors may apply on notice for increase in instalments , or for payment on an earlier date , and this is also determined by the district judge ; if the judgment creditor seeks extended payment , or smaller instalments , he writes to the court and the proper officer simply makes the new order .
judgment creditors may apply on notice for [raise] in instalments , or for payment on an earlier date , and this is also determined by the district judge ; if the judgment creditor seeks extended payment , or smaller instalments , he writes to the court and the proper officer simply makes the new order .

However , it is quite common for this factor to be reflected by an increase in the multiplier .
however , it is quite common for this factor to be reflected by an [raise] in the multiplier .

He did not think that an increase in the multiplier was a suitable method of protecting against inflation .
he did not think that an [raise] in the multiplier was a suitable method of protecting against inflation .

Each side will probably already be covered under appropriate employers ' , occupiers ' and public liability policies , and , since the liability to be covered in each side 's case is the same type , the shift from one side to the other will not result in an overall increase of premiums .
each side will probably already be covered under appropriate employers ' , occupiers ' and public liability policies , and , since the liability to be covered in each side 's case is the same type , the shift from one side to the other will not result in an overall [raise] of premiums .

The remedy of purchase from a third party , with the consequent obligation on the seller to pay the increase in the purchase price , is broadly similar to that available at common law , but , again , the express clause imports a certain amount of flexibility in the area of the price paid for third party goods ( for instance a premium might have to be paid for quick delivery to meet the buyer 's original timescales ) , and as to how closely their specification need resemble the original goods .
the remedy of purchase from a third party , with the consequent obligation on the seller to pay the [raise] in the purchase price , is broadly similar to that available at common law , but , again , the express clause imports a certain amount of flexibility in the area of the price paid for third party goods ( for instance a premium might have to be paid for quick delivery to meet the buyer 's original timescales ) , and as to how closely their specification need resemble the original goods .

In the latter case this is often at the buyer 's expense ( either by way of a lump sum payment , or an amortisation by way of an increase in the unit price of the goods to be manufactured using such items ) .
in the latter case this is often at the buyer 's expense ( either by way of a lump sum payment , or an amortisation by way of an [raise] in the unit price of the goods to be manufactured using such items ) .

4.1 Unless otherwise stated in the Order , the price quoted includes delivery to the address specified in the Order , provided that the Seller reserves the right to make an additional charge to cover any increase in transport costs occurring before the date of delivery .
4.1 unless otherwise stated in the order , the price quoted includes delivery to the address specified in the order , provided that the seller reserves the right to make an additional charge to cover any [raise] in transport costs occurring before the date of delivery .

In the event of our cancelling this order as to all or any of the goods and/or the work covered thereby we shall be entitled to purchase from a third party a like quantity of goods of similar description and quality , or a reasonable alternative thereto , bearing in mind our need to take delivery of the goods by the date specified overleaf , or to contract with a third party to perform work of a similar description and quality , and in that event you shall be liable to reimburse to us on demand all expenditure incurred by us in connection with our said cancellation , including any increase in the price over that stated overleaf .
in the event of our cancelling this order as to all or any of the goods and/or the work covered thereby we shall be entitled to purchase from a third party a like quantity of goods of similar description and quality , or a reasonable alternative thereto , bearing in mind our need to take delivery of the goods by the date specified overleaf , or to contract with a third party to perform work of a similar description and quality , and in that event you shall be liable to reimburse to us on demand all expenditure incurred by us in connection with our said cancellation , including any [raise] in the price over that stated overleaf .

5.2 The above prices shall be subject to increase in accordance with the price variation formula set out in Schedule 6 hereto .
5.2 the above prices shall be subject to [raise] in accordance with the price variation formula set out in schedule 6 hereto .

Flexibility is bound to be required to take account , for example , of a sudden increase in a particular type of work , of a complex transaction of such importance that the partners dealing with it must be on constant standby , of parents wishing to be free during school holidays .
flexibility is bound to be required to take account , for example , of a sudden [raise] in a particular type of work , of a complex transaction of such importance that the partners dealing with it must be on constant standby , of parents wishing to be free during school holidays .

( b ) Capital As the capital resources of the firm will have been reduced by the amount required to acquire an outgoing partner 's share in the practice , so that may need to be recouped from the incoming partner ( possibly with additional contributions being needed from the continuing partners ) ; or , in the case of an increase in the number of partners , additional capital may be needed to finance new activities or new offices .
( b ) capital as the capital resources of the firm will have been reduced by the amount required to acquire an outgoing partner 's share in the practice , so that may need to be recouped from the incoming partner ( possibly with additional contributions being needed from the continuing partners ) ; or , in the case of an [raise] in the number of partners , additional capital may be needed to finance new activities or new offices .

Solicitors ' firms large and small have come to realise that at a time when competition is intense and growth is seen as essential in order to meet increased overheads and maintain profit levels ( let alone to increase them ) any policy which irrevocably rules out fundamental reorganisation of their practices is likely to prove short-sighted .
solicitors ' firms large and small have come to realise that at a time when competition is intense and growth is seen as essential in order to meet increased overheads and maintain profit levels ( let alone to [raise] them ) any policy which irrevocably rules out fundamental reorganisation of their practices is likely to prove short-sighted .

The provision of reasons will increase an expert 's vulnerability to claims , because the details of the workings and calculations may be the very evidence that would otherwise be lacking .
the provision of reasons will [raise] an expert 's vulnerability to claims , because the details of the workings and calculations may be the very evidence that would otherwise be lacking .

These principles do not prevent the parties from defining the expiration of the term by reference to a date before that of execution of the lease , or from making contractual provisions which take effect by reference to such a date , as by defining the period for the operation of a break-clause or an increase of rent .
these principles do not prevent the parties from defining the expiration of the term by reference to a date before that of execution of the lease , or from making contractual provisions which take effect by reference to such a date , as by defining the period for the operation of a break-clause or an [raise] of rent .

If one judge at first instance decides to increase the level in one type of case , that balance will be disturbed .
if one judge at first instance decides to [raise] the level in one type of case , that balance will be disturbed .

The operation of the usual `` ratchet `` provisions attaching to management 's ordinary shares , whereby the percentage holding of Newco conferred by their shares , or the value of those shares , will automatically increase in accordance with profitability or performance targets of the underlying business , will not usually constitute a `` chargeable event `` for the purposes of s78 .
the operation of the usual `` ratchet `` provisions attaching to management 's ordinary shares , whereby the percentage holding of newco conferred by their shares , or the value of those shares , will automatically [raise] in accordance with profitability or performance targets of the underlying business , will not usually constitute a `` chargeable event `` for the purposes of s78 .

Accordingly , the increase in value of the shares does not derive from the removal or variation of a restriction , or the creation or variation of a right , relating to the shares , ie there is no novus actus interveniens which gives rise to the increase in value .
accordingly , the [raise] in value of the shares does not derive from the removal or variation of a restriction , or the creation or variation of a right , relating to the shares , ie there is no novus actus interveniens which gives rise to the [raise] in value .

It is also helpful if the managers ' shares carry rights which , initially , are less beneficial than the rights attaching to the institutions ' shares but which , in accordance with pre-determined ratchet formulae in the Articles of Newco , can increase in value ( as a result of profitability targets being met ) at a rate faster than can the institutions ' shares .
it is also helpful if the managers ' shares carry rights which , initially , are less beneficial than the rights attaching to the institutions ' shares but which , in accordance with pre-determined ratchet formulae in the articles of newco , can [raise] in value ( as a result of profitability targets being met ) at a rate faster than can the institutions ' shares .

This has a dual benefit in that : ( a ) the increase in value should not be caught by the unapproved share schemes legislation because it derives from entrenched rights of the ratchet variety described above ; and ( b ) it provides a justification for the managers paying less per share than the institutions at the outset , since the ratchet characteristics of the shares , and the possibility that Newco may never achieve the profitability targets , would be relevant in valuing that class of shares .
this has a dual benefit in that : ( a ) the [raise] in value should not be caught by the unapproved share schemes legislation because it derives from entrenched rights of the ratchet variety described above ; and ( b ) it provides a justification for the managers paying less per share than the institutions at the outset , since the ratchet characteristics of the shares , and the possibility that newco may never achieve the profitability targets , would be relevant in valuing that class of shares .

If a method can be devised of enabling employees to acquire and sell shares in an unquoted company , and benefit from the increase in value of those shares over the employee 's period of ownership , then it is perceived that employees will wish to participate in the share capital and growth of their employing company and will be motivated to work to increase the value of the business .
if a method can be devised of enabling employees to acquire and sell shares in an unquoted company , and benefit from the [raise] in value of those shares over the employee 's period of ownership , then it is perceived that employees will wish to participate in the share capital and growth of their employing company and will be motivated to work to [raise] the value of the business .

Newco will wish to attribute as much of the purchase price as possible to those of the assets which are likely to increase in value , but which Newco may be intending to dispose of at a later date , so as to minimise the gain arising on the disposal ( and to maximise the amount of base cost which can be indexed for capital gains tax purposes , again to reduce the ultimate gain ) .
newco will wish to attribute as much of the purchase price as possible to those of the assets which are likely to [raise] in value , but which newco may be intending to dispose of at a later date , so as to minimise the gain arising on the disposal ( and to maximise the amount of base cost which can be indexed for capital gains tax purposes , again to reduce the ultimate gain ) .

When an increase of capital was later proposed , the question was whether the provision in the agreement was inconsistent with the statutory power under the Companies Act to increase capital , and therefore an unlawful and invalid restriction on the power of the company to increase its share capital .
when an [raise] of capital was later proposed , the question was whether the provision in the agreement was inconsistent with the statutory power under the companies act to [raise] capital , and therefore an unlawful and invalid restriction on the power of the company to [raise] its share capital .

If the restriction had appeared in the Articles , it would have been unlawful , and therefore invalid , if it purported to fetter the rights of the company to increase its capital .
if the restriction had appeared in the articles , it would have been unlawful , and therefore invalid , if it purported to fetter the rights of the company to [raise] its capital .

Different classes of share will be created and issued by the company to the management and the investors in order : ( a ) to allow a large share capital to be created without unduly diluting the management 's interest ; ( b ) to reduce the investors ' risk by providing a part of the share capital to be in the form of preference shares , which will enable the company to redeem as quickly as the cash flow and profits allow ; ( c ) to set up a " ratchet " mechanism which will allow for the management shareholding to increase with the success of the company . The following are the types of share that will ordinarily be seen in a management buy-out :
different classes of share will be created and issued by the company to the management and the investors in order : ( a ) to allow a large share capital to be created without unduly diluting the management 's interest ; ( b ) to reduce the investors ' risk by providing a part of the share capital to be in the form of preference shares , which will enable the company to redeem as quickly as the cash flow and profits allow ; ( c ) to set up a " ratchet " mechanism which will allow for the management shareholding to [raise] with the success of the company . the following are the types of share that will ordinarily be seen in a management buy-out :

These shares are held by the investors , and on the triggering of the ratchet  the achievement of certain projections or market capitalisation on a flotation , for example  all or some of the convertible redeemable preference shares will be redeemed ; but if the results fall short of what is expected then they will be converted into ordinary shares and as a result increase the investor 's share of the equity at the expense of the proportion held by management .
these shares are held by the investors , and on the triggering of the ratchet  the achievement of certain projections or market capitalisation on a flotation , for example  all or some of the convertible redeemable preference shares will be redeemed ; but if the results fall short of what is expected then they will be converted into ordinary shares and as a result [raise] the investor 's share of the equity at the expense of the proportion held by management .

This is not necessarily as great as the increase in the liabilities of the target company related to the breach of warranty , particularly if the purchaser has only paid a nominal price for the shares in the first place .
this is not necessarily as great as the [raise] in the liabilities of the target company related to the breach of warranty , particularly if the purchaser has only paid a nominal price for the shares in the first place .

If the purchaser is a listed company , it is likely to prefer to issue shares , as increasing its borrowings will increase its gearing ratios as seen by the market .
if the purchaser is a listed company , it is likely to prefer to issue shares , as increasing its borrowings will [raise] its gearing ratios as seen by the market .

If a purchaser is concerned , it is suggested that it may be appropriate to seek one or more independent valuations of the business though this will of course increase the acquisition costs .
if a purchaser is concerned , it is suggested that it may be appropriate to seek one or more independent valuations of the business though this will of course [raise] the acquisition costs .

This is less important than in a share sale where the difficulty of the purchaser , without an express damage statement , is to show that the shares are worth less than the purchaser paid for them , as a reduction in the assets or increase in the liabilities does not necessarily reduce the price of the shares .
this is less important than in a share sale where the difficulty of the purchaser , without an express damage statement , is to show that the shares are worth less than the purchaser paid for them , as a reduction in the assets or [raise] in the liabilities does not necessarily reduce the price of the shares .

As with any other policy the insurers will commonly require exclusions against the following : ( 1 ) The adequacy of insurance arrangements The view of the insurers is that it should be for the purchaser to determine whether existing insurance cover for the business is adequate and if it is not to increase the level of cover with effect from completion .
as with any other policy the insurers will commonly require exclusions against the following : ( 1 ) the adequacy of insurance arrangements the view of the insurers is that it should be for the purchaser to determine whether existing insurance cover for the business is adequate and if it is not to [raise] the level of cover with effect from completion .

The plan calls for government action in six areas : payments for farmers who take measures to manage their land for the benefit of wildlife , landscape and conservation ; an increase in resources for environmentally sensitive farming ; better integration of existing environmental schemes ; the opportunity to enter a voluntary scheme covering the whole of a farm for a five-year or longer period of conservation work ; government pressure on the European Commission to give greater recognition to the potential for production controls and other mechanisms to benefit the environment ; and the introduction of environmental training programmes for farmers .
the plan calls for government action in six areas : payments for farmers who take measures to manage their land for the benefit of wildlife , landscape and conservation ; an [raise] in resources for environmentally sensitive farming ; better integration of existing environmental schemes ; the opportunity to enter a voluntary scheme covering the whole of a farm for a five-year or longer period of conservation work ; government pressure on the european commission to give greater recognition to the potential for production controls and other mechanisms to benefit the environment ; and the introduction of environmental training programmes for farmers .

Illegal exports of fish are also on the increase , while fishing for research purposes has been abused .
illegal exports of fish are also on the [raise] , while fishing for research purposes has been abused .

The 10 national parks in England and Wales have been severely scarred by quarrying and the rate of damage is likely to increase as the economy recovers , according to a report by the Council for the National Parks .
the 10 national parks in england and wales have been severely scarred by quarrying and the rate of damage is likely to [raise] as the economy recovers , according to a report by the council for the national parks .

Hunting organisations claim however that the planned cull will not allow caribou numbers to increase quickly enough and does not cover enough areas .
hunting organisations claim however that the planned cull will not allow caribou numbers to [raise] quickly enough and does not cover enough areas .

The Chemical Industries Association said the industry spent 1bn on the environment in 1992 , some three per cent of turnover , and an increase on the 1991 figure of 830m .
the chemical industries association said the industry spent 1bn on the environment in 1992 , some three per cent of turnover , and an [raise] on the 1991 figure of 830m .

The government wants to increase public environmental awareness , focus the efforts of ministries on green issues , promote a range of environmental action , including green consumerism , eco-labelling , recycling , facelift cities and towns , and promote Israel 's green image abroad .
the government wants to [raise] public environmental awareness , focus the efforts of ministries on green issues , promote a range of environmental action , including green consumerism , eco-labelling , recycling , facelift cities and towns , and promote israel 's green image abroad .

Global warming may increase insect-borne disease
global warming may [raise] insect-borne disease

Australian scientists have warned that the prevalence of insect-borne diseases could increase as a result of global warming .
australian scientists have warned that the prevalence of insect-borne diseases could [raise] as a result of global warming .

Most parts of Australia are expected to become hotter and wetter in the next 40 years ; more open water lying on the surface is likely to increase the risk of insect-borne diseases such as Ross River fever , Dengue and Bluetongue now confined to Northern Australia spreading throughout the country .
most parts of australia are expected to become hotter and wetter in the next 40 years ; more open water lying on the surface is likely to [raise] the risk of insect-borne diseases such as ross river fever , dengue and bluetongue now confined to northern australia spreading throughout the country .

An increase on the 1,000 million yen in environmental aid provided last year , the programme is linked to acid rain in Japan caused by pollution in China .
an [raise] on the 1,000 million yen in environmental aid provided last year , the programme is linked to acid rain in japan caused by pollution in china .

It pointed out that a recent packaging industry report on the packaging of liquids for human consumption had revealed a marked increase in the amount of energy and waste involved in the period 1986-90 .
it pointed out that a recent packaging industry report on the packaging of liquids for human consumption had revealed a marked [raise] in the amount of energy and waste involved in the period 1986-90 .

The loss is causing concern to Moscow doctors , who have warned that without the forest , the city 's air pollution problems will increase .
the loss is causing concern to moscow doctors , who have warned that without the forest , the city 's air pollution problems will [raise] .

The seal hunt quota agreed by Norway and Russia has been increased from 51,000 last year to 60,000 this year , prompting protests from Greenpeace that there is no scientific basis for such an increase .
the seal hunt quota agreed by norway and russia has been increased from 51,000 last year to 60,000 this year , prompting protests from greenpeace that there is no scientific basis for such an [raise] .

The results raise fears that the thinning ozone layer , and consequent increase in ultra-violet ( uvB ) radiation , may be leading to an alarming rise in skin cancer .
the results raise fears that the thinning ozone layer , and consequent [raise] in ultra-violet ( uvb ) radiation , may be leading to an alarming rise in skin cancer .

However , in an effort to increase their value as finished goods , most carpets are now washed locally , with a solution based on caustic soda , sulphuric acid and bleaching powder .
however , in an effort to [raise] their value as finished goods , most carpets are now washed locally , with a solution based on caustic soda , sulphuric acid and bleaching powder .

97 per cent of the territory 's waters are now officially unpolluted  representing a net increase of 968 kilometres compared to 1985 .
97 per cent of the territory 's waters are now officially unpolluted  representing a net [raise] of 968 kilometres compared to 1985 .

Dolphin deaths increase
dolphin deaths [raise]

Strandings in the Bay of Biscay have averaged 452 a year , five times the number in the last decade , while those in Devon and Cornwall numbered 141 last year , a seven-fold increase since the mid-1980s .
strandings in the bay of biscay have averaged 452 a year , five times the number in the last decade , while those in devon and cornwall numbered 141 last year , a seven-fold [raise] since the mid-1980s .

The increase is unexplained , although theories include a rise in the local dolphin population and entanglement with fishing nets .
the [raise] is unexplained , although theories include a rise in the local dolphin population and entanglement with fishing nets .

Rapid economic development has vastly increased demand for water in recent years , and the expansion is expected to continue : the water needs of the urban population are expected to increase by 45 per cent in the next 20 years , with industry requiring 30 per cent more water and agriculture 14 per cent more .
rapid economic development has vastly increased demand for water in recent years , and the expansion is expected to continue : the water needs of the urban population are expected to [raise] by 45 per cent in the next 20 years , with industry requiring 30 per cent more water and agriculture 14 per cent more .

One new shopping centre planned for Budapest would increase traffic in and out the city by an estimated 20,000 cars a day .
one new shopping centre planned for budapest would [raise] traffic in and out the city by an estimated 20,000 cars a day .

The government claims that economic growth is outstripping the increase in pollution .
the government claims that economic growth is outstripping the [raise] in pollution .

But unless policies were changed , the number of private cars would increase by 45 per cent by 2010 and road haulage by 42 per cent .
but unless policies were changed , the number of private cars would [raise] by 45 per cent by 2010 and road haulage by 42 per cent .

Carbon dioxide emissions will increase by between 9 and 23 per cent , and fuel consumption will rise by 3-9 per cent .
carbon dioxide emissions will [raise] by between 9 and 23 per cent , and fuel consumption will rise by 3-9 per cent .

Professor Nils Shakkabaek of Copenhagen University , who co-ordinated the study , says that a corresponding increase in genito-urinary abnormalities and incidents of testicular cancer tend to support the environmental conclusion .
professor nils shakkabaek of copenhagen university , who co-ordinated the study , says that a corresponding [raise] in genito-urinary abnormalities and incidents of testicular cancer tend to support the environmental conclusion .

The study linked the increase directly to the radioactive fallout from Chernobyl .
the study linked the [raise] directly to the radioactive fallout from chernobyl .

The scientists attributed the deterioration in ozone levels to particles boosted into the stratosphere by volcanic eruptions in 1991 and to the continued increase in worldwide emissions of chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) and other ozone-depleting gases .
the scientists attributed the deterioration in ozone levels to particles boosted into the stratosphere by volcanic eruptions in 1991 and to the continued [raise] in worldwide emissions of chlorofluorocarbons ( cfcs ) and other ozone-depleting gases .

Experiments conducted by a British scientist suggest that the increase in ultraviolet radiation caused by ozone depletion will have immediate and serious effects on the yields of some key food crops as well as on other plants .
experiments conducted by a british scientist suggest that the [raise] in ultraviolet radiation caused by ozone depletion will have immediate and serious effects on the yields of some key food crops as well as on other plants .

The economic consequences for food crops and other plants of the resulting increase in ultraviolet radiation have received less attention .
the economic consequences for food crops and other plants of the resulting [raise] in ultraviolet radiation have received less attention .

The Daimler-Benz study claims that carbon dioxide levels will actually increase by 10 per cent over the period because control efforts are being cancelled out by increased traffic volumes .
the daimler-benz study claims that carbon dioxide levels will actually [raise] by 10 per cent over the period because control efforts are being cancelled out by increased traffic volumes .

The Federal Environmental Office believes that a 50 per cent increase in emissions is likely in the transport sector ( including air traffic ) .
the federal environmental office believes that a 50 per cent [raise] in emissions is likely in the transport sector ( including air traffic ) .

It calls for immediate measures to reduce traffic flows , including the introduction of a speed limit on motorways and a sharp increase in the price of petrol .
it calls for immediate measures to reduce traffic flows , including the introduction of a speed limit on motorways and a sharp [raise] in the price of petrol .

The statistics also show that carbon monoxide emissions from road vehicles rose from 4.2 million tonnes in 1981 to 6.0 million tonnes in 1990 , an increase of 42 per cent .
the statistics also show that carbon monoxide emissions from road vehicles rose from 4.2 million tonnes in 1981 to 6.0 million tonnes in 1990 , an [raise] of 42 per cent .

Demand for Western technology and high-yield livestock is on the increase in Asian and Africa , as farmers shift away from subsistence to cash farming .
demand for western technology and high-yield livestock is on the [raise] in asian and africa , as farmers shift away from subsistence to cash farming .

Aid programmes which aim to increase production in developing nations have contributed to the problem .
aid programmes which aim to [raise] production in developing nations have contributed to the problem .

The report of the commission , chaired by Professor Lennart Hjalmarsson , concluded that the abolition of industrial energy taxes would increase production to the value of 20 billion krone , and create 10,000 jobs .
the report of the commission , chaired by professor lennart hjalmarsson , concluded that the abolition of industrial energy taxes would [raise] production to the value of 20 billion krone , and create 10,000 jobs .

The problem is exacerbated by the increase in conifer plantations .
the problem is exacerbated by the [raise] in conifer plantations .

Among its aims are a threefold increase in the generation of electricity from renewable sources , with particular focus on the potential for biofuels .
among its aims are a threefold [raise] in the generation of electricity from renewable sources , with particular focus on the potential for biofuels .

But this year satellite monitoring indicates a possible increase in the incidence of burnings , after a rainy season shorter than usual gave way to three months ' drought .
but this year satellite monitoring indicates a possible [raise] in the incidence of burnings , after a rainy season shorter than usual gave way to three months ' drought .

Indonesian logging " poised to increase "
indonesian logging " poised to [raise] "

The pace of logging in the Indonesian archipelago is set to increase as a result of the lifting of a ban on the export of raw logs .
the pace of logging in the indonesian archipelago is set to [raise] as a result of the lifting of a ban on the export of raw logs .

The increase was largely due to the start up of Canadian company Alcan 's dedicated can recycling plant at Warrington , northern England .
the [raise] was largely due to the start up of canadian company alcan 's dedicated can recycling plant at warrington , northern england .

The local council in Yokohama hopes to increase the number of these trucks to 30 in the near future .
the local council in yokohama hopes to [raise] the number of these trucks to 30 in the near future .

It plans an increase in total woodland cover of 71,000 hectares , of which 60,000 will be planted by the private sector .
it plans an [raise] in total woodland cover of 71,000 hectares , of which 60,000 will be planted by the private sector .

The proportion of broadleaved trees , which currently account for 46 per cent of new plantings , is planned to increase , partly as a result of financial incentives for the private sector under the woodland grant scheme .
the proportion of broadleaved trees , which currently account for 46 per cent of new plantings , is planned to [raise] , partly as a result of financial incentives for the private sector under the woodland grant scheme .

The only species to record an increase was the chaffinch , which was thought to have benefited from a heavy crop of beech mast .
the only species to record an [raise] was the chaffinch , which was thought to have benefited from a heavy crop of beech mast .

The aim should be to help the Commonwealth of Independent States increase oil and gas production as a means of compensation for the loss of nuclear generation .
the aim should be to help the commonwealth of independent states [raise] oil and gas production as a means of compensation for the loss of nuclear generation .

Iraqi engineers claim that the Third River is designed to reclaim 1.5 million square kilometres of salt-encrusted fields , which could increase Iraq 's crop production by 50 per cent .
iraqi engineers claim that the third river is designed to reclaim 1.5 million square kilometres of salt-encrusted fields , which could [raise] iraq 's crop production by 50 per cent .

Ethical investment on the increase
ethical investment on the [raise]

The Supreme Court in the Philippines had previously blocked an 11 per cent increase in electricity charges , which was needed to service the loan from the World Bank .
the supreme court in the philippines had previously blocked an 11 per cent [raise] in electricity charges , which was needed to service the loan from the world bank .

Temperatures in Western Siberia can be expected to increase by between one and two degrees centigrade in the near future , according to the Russian Academy of Sciences .
temperatures in western siberia can be expected to [raise] by between one and two degrees centigrade in the near future , according to the russian academy of sciences .

The study says that catchment afforestation undoubtedly contributes to acidification and any increase should be resisted .
the study says that catchment afforestation undoubtedly contributes to acidification and any [raise] should be resisted .

Meanwhile , a price increase of 30 per cent has had little effect on consumption .
meanwhile , a price [raise] of 30 per cent has had little effect on consumption .

The poaching of elephants and the illegal trading of ivory is on the increase in Tanzania , according to the country 's wildlife department .
the poaching of elephants and the illegal trading of ivory is on the [raise] in tanzania , according to the country 's wildlife department .

Based on a survey of 250 companies , the report says that " over two thirds of companies expect operating costs to increase as a result of addressing environmental issues " and notes that " there is considerable uncertainty about the commercial benefits of responding to many environmental concerns " .
based on a survey of 250 companies , the report says that " over two thirds of companies expect operating costs to [raise] as a result of addressing environmental issues " and notes that " there is considerable uncertainty about the commercial benefits of responding to many environmental concerns " .

The project has drawn heavy criticism from environmental and human rights activists , who warned that it would submerge some forests and erode others , disrupt fisheries , increase the risk of malaria and other insect-borne diseases , and fail to supply useful amounts of water to those areas of drought-stricken Gujarat most in need of it .
the project has drawn heavy criticism from environmental and human rights activists , who warned that it would submerge some forests and erode others , disrupt fisheries , [raise] the risk of malaria and other insect-borne diseases , and fail to supply useful amounts of water to those areas of drought-stricken gujarat most in need of it .

As a result of the tax , prices for heating buildings will increase by around 3 per cent for electricity-based systems , by 4 per cent for natural gas and 8 per cent for heating oil .
as a result of the tax , prices for heating buildings will [raise] by around 3 per cent for electricity-based systems , by 4 per cent for natural gas and 8 per cent for heating oil .

Prices for petrol will increase by 5 per cent .
prices for petrol will [raise] by 5 per cent .

According to the report , the government is set to increase power-station capacity in England and Wales by 39 percent and demand by 50 per cent by 1997 .
according to the report , the government is set to [raise] power-station capacity in england and wales by 39 percent and demand by 50 per cent by 1997 .

The authors also predict an increase in violent storms , fires , landslides and avalanches in the Alpine region as well as widespread deforestation .
the authors also predict an [raise] in violent storms , fires , landslides and avalanches in the alpine region as well as widespread deforestation .

Environmental health experts say that increased reporting can not account for the total increase .
environmental health experts say that increased reporting can not account for the total [raise] .

One study found a significant increase in childhood leukaemias in the corridors of land underneath the country 's network of power lines .
one study found a significant [raise] in childhood leukaemias in the corridors of land underneath the country 's network of power lines .

Population growth has now overtaken the nuclear threat as the biggest challenge for the future , the report says , describing global population growth of 92 million in 1991 , including an increase of 80 million in the Third World , despite worldwide declines in fertility rates .
population growth has now overtaken the nuclear threat as the biggest challenge for the future , the report says , describing global population growth of 92 million in 1991 , including an [raise] of 80 million in the third world , despite worldwide declines in fertility rates .

Environmental groups have pointed out that on the basis of these figures emissions are likely to increase significantly after 2000 , even if the stabilization target is met , unless the government takes action to promote energy conservation .
environmental groups have pointed out that on the basis of these figures emissions are likely to [raise] significantly after 2000 , even if the stabilization target is met , unless the government takes action to promote energy conservation .

Recycling of paper and cardboard in Europe has been on the increase since 1989 .
recycling of paper and cardboard in europe has been on the [raise] since 1989 .

The finding is expected to increase pressure on the British government to ban sheep dips , which contain organophosphates , compounds closely related to nerve gas .
the finding is expected to [raise] pressure on the british government to ban sheep dips , which contain organophosphates , compounds closely related to nerve gas .

The introduction of strong energy efficiency measures could constrain consumption growth to about 28 per cent by 2020 , despite a 50 per cent increase in world population .
the introduction of strong energy efficiency measures could constrain consumption growth to about 28 per cent by 2020 , despite a 50 per cent [raise] in world population .

But the council expects coal use to increase sharply as oil and gas reserves run out , leading to the exhaustion of fossil fuel reserves by the end of the next century .
but the council expects coal use to [raise] sharply as oil and gas reserves run out , leading to the exhaustion of fossil fuel reserves by the end of the next century .

With grain production per person falling since 1984 and little potential to increase planted areas or yields further , plus the impact of global warming , the world is approaching what Worldwatch president Lester Brown sees as a nightmare scenario .
with grain production per person falling since 1984 and little potential to [raise] planted areas or yields further , plus the impact of global warming , the world is approaching what worldwatch president lester brown sees as a nightmare scenario .

Cases of lung disease , allergies and cancer are all on the increase , while deaths among children have risen between 1.3 and 2.2-fold in the past decade .
cases of lung disease , allergies and cancer are all on the [raise] , while deaths among children have risen between 1.3 and 2.2-fold in the past decade .

Turkish maritime experts are warning of the dangers of an increase in oil and gas traffic through the crowded Bosphorus and are calling for a revision of the 1963 Montreux Convention , which guarantees freedom of navigation through the waterway .
turkish maritime experts are warning of the dangers of an [raise] in oil and gas traffic through the crowded bosphorus and are calling for a revision of the 1963 montreux convention , which guarantees freedom of navigation through the waterway .

Some 22,500 foreign merchant ships passed through in 1992 , a 10 per cent increase on the previous year .
some 22,500 foreign merchant ships passed through in 1992 , a 10 per cent [raise] on the previous year .

They argue that the new road will not , as the government maintains , relieve congestion but instead increase car use and thus exacerbate congestion and pollution ; they argue instead for major investment in public transport and higher taxes on fuel .
they argue that the new road will not , as the government maintains , relieve congestion but instead [raise] car use and thus exacerbate congestion and pollution ; they argue instead for major investment in public transport and higher taxes on fuel .

Greenpeace , however , argues that the priority must be the closure of nuclear power stations , not coal mines , implying an increase in the burning of coal rather than a decrease .
greenpeace , however , argues that the priority must be the closure of nuclear power stations , not coal mines , implying an [raise] in the burning of coal rather than a decrease .

Southern England , the Netherlands and the northern coasts of Germany and France are all now rated as high-risk areas by insurance companies , with global warming blamed for an increase in the frequency and severity of storms .
southern england , the netherlands and the northern coasts of germany and france are all now rated as high-risk areas by insurance companies , with global warming blamed for an [raise] in the frequency and severity of storms .

If that rate of increase continues it is estimated that methyl bromide could account for one-sixth of ozone loss by 2000 .
if that rate of [raise] continues it is estimated that methyl bromide could account for one-sixth of ozone loss by 2000 .

The problem is caused by a massive increase in household effluent poured into the water system , combined with the large doses of chlorine used by the authorities to deal with it .
the problem is caused by a massive [raise] in household effluent poured into the water system , combined with the large doses of chlorine used by the authorities to deal with it .

The sharp increase in effluent has deprived aquatic organisms of oxygen .
the sharp [raise] in effluent has deprived aquatic organisms of oxygen .

The French government has signed agreements with the major French oil companies , Elf and Total , to increase production of fuel made from oilseed rape , despite recent studies showing that growing crops to produce " biofuels " for vehicles is neither environmentally nor economically justifiable .
the french government has signed agreements with the major french oil companies , elf and total , to [raise] production of fuel made from oilseed rape , despite recent studies showing that growing crops to produce " biofuels " for vehicles is neither environmentally nor economically justifiable .

Low-level ozone , produced by the reaction of sunlight on nitrogen oxide ( Nox ) emissions from vehicle exhausts , was blamed for an increase in breathing problems and allergic , hayfever-type reactions .
low-level ozone , produced by the reaction of sunlight on nitrogen oxide ( nox ) emissions from vehicle exhausts , was blamed for an [raise] in breathing problems and allergic , hayfever-type reactions .

The problem coincided with the release of statistics from the government 's Warren Springs Laboratory , showing that nitrogen oxide levels had increased by 33 per cent in the period 1986-91 , roughly in line with the increase in road traffic .
the problem coincided with the release of statistics from the government 's warren springs laboratory , showing that nitrogen oxide levels had increased by 33 per cent in the period 1986-91 , roughly in line with the [raise] in road traffic .

Rate of vehicle increase slows
rate of vehicle [raise] slows

Pollution inspectorate anticipates increase in prosecutions
pollution inspectorate anticipates [raise] in prosecutions

Nine members ( i ) criticized the government for its inadequate and inconsistent policies on genetic engineering and for giving higher priority to economic considerations than to animal welfare , ( ii ) criticized scientists for lacking clear research goals , and ( iii ) expressed deep anxiety about the human genome project , fearing that it might increase opportunities for eugenics .
nine members ( i ) criticized the government for its inadequate and inconsistent policies on genetic engineering and for giving higher priority to economic considerations than to animal welfare , ( ii ) criticized scientists for lacking clear research goals , and ( iii ) expressed deep anxiety about the human genome project , fearing that it might [raise] opportunities for eugenics .

There are now estimated to be about 760,000 minke whales in the Antarctic , up from less than 200,000 in the early 1970s , and some supporters of whaling argue that the increase in minke numbers is putting pressure on food stocks and hampering the recovery of more seriously endangered whale species .
there are now estimated to be about 760,000 minke whales in the antarctic , up from less than 200,000 in the early 1970s , and some supporters of whaling argue that the [raise] in minke numbers is putting pressure on food stocks and hampering the recovery of more seriously endangered whale species .

The most impressive increase , of 56 per cent between 1991 and 1992 , was in Whitethroats , which suffered badly from the impact of the Sahel drought 25 years ago on its wintering areas .
the most impressive [raise] , of 56 per cent between 1991 and 1992 , was in whitethroats , which suffered badly from the impact of the sahel drought 25 years ago on its wintering areas .

The new measures aim to ( i ) encourage water conservation by increasing public awareness and improving technical facilities ; ( ii ) increase research into water-saving technologies ; ( iii ) extend the use of water-saving techniques and equipment ; ( iv ) establish a rational water-pricing system , including surcharges for wastage ; and ( v ) develop the exploitation of polluted water and seawater resources .
the new measures aim to ( i ) encourage water conservation by increasing public awareness and improving technical facilities ; ( ii ) [raise] research into water-saving technologies ; ( iii ) extend the use of water-saving techniques and equipment ; ( iv ) establish a rational water-pricing system , including surcharges for wastage ; and ( v ) develop the exploitation of polluted water and seawater resources .

Other speakers at the conference pointed out that over-abstraction from rivers leads to a falling rate of flow which critically affects the rivers ' ecology , and they warned the situation may deteriorate as water continues to increase in the 1990s .
other speakers at the conference pointed out that over-abstraction from rivers leads to a falling rate of flow which critically affects the rivers ' ecology , and they warned the situation may deteriorate as water continues to [raise] in the 1990s .

Greenpeace and Friends of the Earth have launched a campaign to persuade the British government to increase its target for the generation of electricity from renewable resources .
greenpeace and friends of the earth have launched a campaign to persuade the british government to [raise] its target for the generation of electricity from renewable resources .

This would produce safer food with greater reliability , increase consumer choice and make agriculture more environmentally friendly .
this would produce safer food with greater reliability , [raise] consumer choice and make agriculture more environmentally friendly .

The government blames a combination of factors , including an increase in the number of insects and a dry summer , for the poor state of the country 's 330,000 hectares of woodland .
the government blames a combination of factors , including an [raise] in the number of insects and a dry summer , for the poor state of the country 's 330,000 hectares of woodland .

Poaching has been on the increase in the Indian subcontinent since the mid-1980s , when stocks of tiger bone remaining from an officially sanctioned extermination campaign in China in the 1960s were exhausted .
poaching has been on the [raise] in the indian subcontinent since the mid-1980s , when stocks of tiger bone remaining from an officially sanctioned extermination campaign in china in the 1960s were exhausted .

The increase in the amount of farming land taken out of production under the government 's `` set-aside `` scheme has led to a population explosion in rabbits , according to the Scottish Office .
the [raise] in the amount of farming land taken out of production under the government 's `` set-aside `` scheme has led to a population explosion in rabbits , according to the scottish office .

According to his report , 24 out of 25 European countries saw their forest cover increase over the period 1954-84 .
according to his report , 24 out of 25 european countries saw their forest cover [raise] over the period 1954-84 .

The most dramatic increase has been in the former Soviet Union , where the area of land under forest rose by 70 million hectares  three times the size of Britain  over the past 25 years .
the most dramatic [raise] has been in the former soviet union , where the area of land under forest rose by 70 million hectares  three times the size of britain  over the past 25 years .

All sites should be protected from damage or development , managed so as to conserve or increase their wildlife value , and monitored .
all sites should be protected from damage or development , managed so as to conserve or [raise] their wildlife value , and monitored .

Of these , only two , the chaffinch and the greenfinch , registered a slight increase in population over the period .
of these , only two , the chaffinch and the greenfinch , registered a slight [raise] in population over the period .

In its report , The World Bank and the Environment 1993 , the Bank acknowledges that despite the increase in lending , a number of weaknesses remain in its environmental policies , particularly on public consultation . ``
in its report , the world bank and the environment 1993 , the bank acknowledges that despite the [raise] in lending , a number of weaknesses remain in its environmental policies , particularly on public consultation . ``

The largest increase in funding is to go to coastal conservation , which received an increase of 25 per cent to 134 million francs , followed by money to rehabilitate degraded areas .
the largest [raise] in funding is to go to coastal conservation , which received an [raise] of 25 per cent to 134 million francs , followed by money to rehabilitate degraded areas .

Emissions of nitrogen oxides from vehicles are blamed for much of the dramatic increase in asthma , particularly among children where one in seven suffers from the disease .
emissions of nitrogen oxides from vehicles are blamed for much of the dramatic [raise] in asthma , particularly among children where one in seven suffers from the disease .

Environmentalists fear that the programme is designed to conceal a retreat from a campaign pledge made by President Clinton to increase average fuel efficiency required by law to 40 mpg by 2000 and 45 mpg by 2015 , which has been fiercely resisted by car companies .
environmentalists fear that the programme is designed to conceal a retreat from a campaign pledge made by president clinton to [raise] average fuel efficiency required by law to 40 mpg by 2000 and 45 mpg by 2015 , which has been fiercely resisted by car companies .

The report added that the study had only considered 35-64 year-olds , and that `` the estimated effect would increase dramatically if older age groups were included in the analysis `` .
the report added that the study had only considered 35-64 year-olds , and that `` the estimated effect would [raise] dramatically if older age groups were included in the analysis `` .

The increase in the United States was one of 10.4 % .
the [raise] in the united states was one of 10.4 % .

There was also a marked increase during the 1980s in the number of long-term unemployed .
there was also a marked [raise] during the 1980s in the number of long-term unemployed .

The number has increased gradually from 1,087,000 in 1968 , though natural increase ( excess of births over death ) accounted for more than half the rise in 1979-1980 , the last year for which figures are available .
the number has increased gradually from 1,087,000 in 1968 , though natural [raise] ( excess of births over death ) accounted for more than half the rise in 1979-1980 , the last year for which figures are available .

Its effect was to increase the size of the electorate from 1,358,000 to 2,477,000 .
its effect was to [raise] the size of the electorate from 1,358,000 to 2,477,000 .

At the same time , it was reluctant to pursue policies that would increase the tax burden or the public sector of the economy .
at the same time , it was reluctant to pursue policies that would [raise] the tax burden or the public sector of the economy .

Between 1974 and 1978 there was an annual rate of increase in retail prices in excess of 17 % .
between 1974 and 1978 there was an annual rate of [raise] in retail prices in excess of 17 % .

The 1979 and 1983 elections also witnessed an increase in the number of candidates fielded by minor parties , to whom the 150 deposit ( first set in 1918 ) no longer serves as the bar to nonserious candidates that was intended .
the 1979 and 1983 elections also witnessed an [raise] in the number of candidates fielded by minor parties , to whom the 150 deposit ( first set in 1918 ) no longer serves as the bar to nonserious candidates that was intended .

Shifts in the distribution of party support within the country were , according to one important study , likely to increase the likelihood of `` hung `` Parliaments , no one party being returned with an overall majority .
shifts in the distribution of party support within the country were , according to one important study , likely to [raise] the likelihood of `` hung `` parliaments , no one party being returned with an overall majority .

While it talks about rolling back the state , it has overseen a major increase in central government and police power .
while it talks about rolling back the state , it has overseen a major [raise] in central government and police power .

At every step of the way , some fractional increase in lung area will be an advantage .
at every step of the way , some fractional [raise] in lung area will be an advantage .

Any tendency to increase the ratio of surface area to weight would help , for example flaps of skin growing out in the angles of joints .
any tendency to [raise] the ratio of surface area to weight would help , for example flaps of skin growing out in the angles of joints .

Now a slight further increase in the wingflaps will make the difference between life and death .
now a slight further [raise] in the wingflaps will make the difference between life and death .

An increase in economic inequality between rich and poor countries .
an [raise] in economic inequality between rich and poor countries .

What was it doing proportionately to increase the general availability of jobs ?
what was it doing proportionately to [raise] the general availability of jobs ?

In recent years there has been a major media hype about the supposed increase of government funding of initiatives in West Belfast .
in recent years there has been a major media hype about the supposed [raise] of government funding of initiatives in west belfast .

How can jobs be created by the housing sector in West Belfast ? increase overall budget to include expansion of re-build programme , upgrading of repairs service ? should there be positive discrimination in favour of the local workforce on schemes taking place in West Belfast ?
how can jobs be created by the housing sector in west belfast ? [raise] overall budget to include expansion of re-build programme , upgrading of repairs service ? should there be positive discrimination in favour of the local workforce on schemes taking place in west belfast ?

In Luton , their adoption produced an increase of 37 per cent almost overnight .
in luton , their adoption produced an [raise] of 37 per cent almost overnight .

Their aggressiveness to cuckoos  whether real or stuffed  started to increase , as did their ability to discriminate between their own and foreign eggs .
their aggressiveness to cuckoos  whether real or stuffed  started to [raise] , as did their ability to discriminate between their own and foreign eggs .

Between 1985 and 1989 , there was a four-fold increase in rejection of cuckoo eggs , either through being ejected from the nest or by desertion of the parasitised nest entirely .
between 1985 and 1989 , there was a four-fold [raise] in rejection of cuckoo eggs , either through being ejected from the nest or by desertion of the parasitised nest entirely .

 This is part of an effort , sponsored by the International Monetary Fund , to rescue the country from its $ 1.7 billion of debt , and it includes a drive to increase exports ( minerals , timber and cash crops , mainly ) , a 50 per cent devaluation of the currency and an auction of Guyanese natural resources to foreign companies .
 this is part of an effort , sponsored by the international monetary fund , to rescue the country from its $ 1.7 billion of debt , and it includes a drive to [raise] exports ( minerals , timber and cash crops , mainly ) , a 50 per cent devaluation of the currency and an auction of guyanese natural resources to foreign companies .

Say FoE ,  As Malaysia 's own rainforests become ever more depleted , the expansion of Malaysian logging companies into other forest areas looks set to increase .
say foe ,  as malaysia 's own rainforests become ever more depleted , the expansion of malaysian logging companies into other forest areas looks set to [raise] .

The fact that Samia is still there , and that Kenya 's rhino population is at last beginning to increase again , is due in no small part to the dedication and determination of Anna Merz  a true heroine of our times in the front line of conservation .
the fact that samia is still there , and that kenya 's rhino population is at last beginning to [raise] again , is due in no small part to the dedication and determination of anna merz  a true heroine of our times in the front line of conservation .

Israel is not to resort to the Canaanite practice of boiling a kid in its mother 's milk to increase fertility .
israel is not to resort to the canaanite practice of boiling a kid in its mother 's milk to [raise] fertility .

The Collector 's delirium still continued and he was undoubtedly becoming weaker ; because of these continuing symptoms McNab now substituted bark , chloric aether , and ammonia in effervescence for the laudanum and asked Miriam to increase the brandy to half an ounce every hour .
the collector 's delirium still continued and he was undoubtedly becoming weaker ; because of these continuing symptoms mcnab now substituted bark , chloric aether , and ammonia in effervescence for the laudanum and asked miriam to [raise] the brandy to half an ounce every hour .

The Collector had independently arrived at the same conclusion by watching the slope above the melon beds where the number of spectators was beginning to increase rapidly .
the collector had independently arrived at the same conclusion by watching the slope above the melon beds where the number of spectators was beginning to [raise] rapidly .

The difficulty was this : he wanted to increase the elevation to creep forward over those last 300 yards ( he did not dare exceed the two-pound charge ) but , as every gunner knows , increasing the elevation beyond five degrees can be a risky business ; it is not the great number of rounds that destroys a cannon but the high elevation at which it is fired .
the difficulty was this : he wanted to [raise] the elevation to creep forward over those last 300 yards ( he did not dare exceed the two-pound charge ) but , as every gunner knows , increasing the elevation beyond five degrees can be a risky business ; it is not the great number of rounds that destroys a cannon but the high elevation at which it is fired .

Segmentation may have developed as a way of enabling worms to increase their efficiency as burrowers in mud .
segmentation may have developed as a way of enabling worms to [raise] their efficiency as burrowers in mud .

They merely moult as they increase in size .
they merely moult as they [raise] in size .

These are covered by flaps projecting from the lower edge of the thorax that can be opened or closed so as to increase or dampen the sound like shutters on an organ .
these are covered by flaps projecting from the lower edge of the thorax that can be opened or closed so as to [raise] or dampen the sound like shutters on an organ .

Instead of providing the British people with more incentives to work hard and succeed , the Labour Government preferred to increase taxes , so that it was hardly worth one 's while to produce more wealth . The top rate of taxation on investment income reached 98 per cent !
instead of providing the british people with more incentives to work hard and succeed , the labour government preferred to [raise] taxes , so that it was hardly worth one 's while to produce more wealth . the top rate of taxation on investment income reached 98 per cent !

 As of today , we do not believe that the declaration of a state of emergency would increase that flow of supplies , food , or materials .
 as of today , we do not believe that the declaration of a state of emergency would [raise] that flow of supplies , food , or materials .

This represents a huge and genuine increase in prosperity  resources and buying-power  for British families and for the British people as a whole .
this represents a huge and genuine [raise] in prosperity  resources and buying-power  for british families and for the british people as a whole .

That 's an increase of four million households compared to 1979 .
that 's an [raise] of four million households compared to 1979 .

One could talk about many other areas of improvement : the huge 68 per cent increase in real spending ( over and above inflation ) by Government on community care services since 1979 ; the 29 per cent increase in real spending on the whole range of benefits for elderly people ; or , in a completely different field , the improvements in public transport which have , for example , seen the number of rail passengers increase by 14 per cent .
one could talk about many other areas of improvement : the huge 68 per cent [raise] in real spending ( over and above inflation ) by government on community care services since 1979 ; the 29 per cent [raise] in real spending on the whole range of benefits for elderly people ; or , in a completely different field , the improvements in public transport which have , for example , seen the number of rail passengers [raise] by 14 per cent .

If the increase in a Government 's spending outstrips the increase in the country 's income , the result is a bigger tax burden , a heavier debt burden  or both .
if the [raise] in a government 's spending outstrips the [raise] in the country 's income , the result is a bigger tax burden , a heavier debt burden  or both .

During the school years , children must learn to grow away from such a communicative support system , and increase their communicative independence .
during the school years , children must learn to grow away from such a communicative support system , and [raise] their communicative independence .

For young readers , however , the medially placed source marker is liable to increase the load on short-term memory .
for young readers , however , the medially placed source marker is liable to [raise] the load on short-term memory .

At first he found the increase of activity made him feel healthier , but soon the exhaustion of travelling  and the waste of time involved  began to affect him .
at first he found the [raise] of activity made him feel healthier , but soon the exhaustion of travelling  and the waste of time involved  began to affect him .

While words could be flashed around the world a century ago , the quantity of data traffic has increased on a scale comparable to the motor traffic increase in the same period .
while words could be flashed around the world a century ago , the quantity of data traffic has increased on a scale comparable to the motor traffic [raise] in the same period .

The response is that in a rapidly growing market ( say 30 per cent growth per annum ) the only way to increase market share is to go for massive expansion of capacity ( say 50 per cent per annum ) .
the response is that in a rapidly growing market ( say 30 per cent growth per annum ) the only way to [raise] market share is to go for massive expansion of capacity ( say 50 per cent per annum ) .

While alliances are intended to reduce insecurity and volatility , they are also designed to increase the pressure on competitors .
while alliances are intended to reduce insecurity and volatility , they are also designed to [raise] the pressure on competitors .

He announced an increase in Members ' salaries from 400 to 600 .
he announced an [raise] in members ' salaries from 400 to 600 .

Many commonly-prescribed drugs increase the sensitivity of the skin and eyes to ultra-violet light  particularly if you take them over a long period of time .
many commonly-prescribed drugs [raise] the sensitivity of the skin and eyes to ultra-violet light  particularly if you take them over a long period of time .

Be humble enough to learn from this so that you can increase your gains elsewhere .
be humble enough to learn from this so that you can [raise] your gains elsewhere .

It was ready for the further development of Capitalism as the means of assuring the exponential increase in production which the Industrial Revolution was making possible , the phenomenal expansion which for the next forty years was to be centred on a Britain uniquely the workshop of the world and the engine of economic growth .
it was ready for the further development of capitalism as the means of assuring the exponential [raise] in production which the industrial revolution was making possible , the phenomenal expansion which for the next forty years was to be centred on a britain uniquely the workshop of the world and the engine of economic growth .

Or are we to suppose that Capitalism having been displaced by Socialism in the Marxist version , work with all the disagreeable characteristics which turn it into toil or boredom will have been reduced to the bare minimum necessary to sustain society and that a consequent and vast increase in the leisure will enable us to fulfil ourselves ?
or are we to suppose that capitalism having been displaced by socialism in the marxist version , work with all the disagreeable characteristics which turn it into toil or boredom will have been reduced to the bare minimum necessary to sustain society and that a consequent and vast [raise] in the leisure will enable us to fulfil ourselves ?

Egypt 's interpretation would increase the participants in all disputes by designating any protesting State a party , whether or not the actions protested against affected it directly .
egypt 's interpretation would [raise] the participants in all disputes by designating any protesting state a party , whether or not the actions protested against affected it directly .

She did n't increase her pace  it would only alert her pursuer .
she did n't [raise] her pace  it would only alert her pursuer .

Crafts : Our Cultural Future sets out the party 's plans to further links between craftspeople and industry and also increase public awareness of the crafts .
crafts : our cultural future sets out the party 's plans to further links between craftspeople and industry and also [raise] public awareness of the crafts .

If elected this year , the party intends to increase the funding to the Crafts Council , but on the condition that the council works with regional authorities to improve retail outlets and also widens its database , and co-ordinates with the Arts and Design councils .
if elected this year , the party intends to [raise] the funding to the crafts council , but on the condition that the council works with regional authorities to improve retail outlets and also widens its database , and co-ordinates with the arts and design councils .

This massive loss of forest is by no means due entirely to the timber industry , there being other contributory factors such as conversion of land for urbanisation , agriculture , and increase in domestic animals associated with human populations .
this massive loss of forest is by no means due entirely to the timber industry , there being other contributory factors such as conversion of land for urbanisation , agriculture , and [raise] in domestic animals associated with human populations .

The recent acquisition of a Tersa cutterblock with a 100mm cutting edge should increase the scope of shaping on the spindle .
the recent acquisition of a tersa cutterblock with a 100mm cutting edge should [raise] the scope of shaping on the spindle .

The only real meter of sexuality and its changing ways is and must remain the actual extent of the increase in sexual relationships and their intensity , and the degree to which people as a whole are more tolerant of such relationships under varying circumstances . Are more people " having sex " ? Are extra-marital and casual sex increasing ? Have those sexual practices which were for long condemned as " deviant " or " perverted " really become general ? Are we , as a society , more knowledgeable and aware in sexual matters than our immediate predecessors ? To what extent have we lost our sexual judgment , our inhibitions , or our intolerance ?
the only real meter of sexuality and its changing ways is and must remain the actual extent of the [raise] in sexual relationships and their intensity , and the degree to which people as a whole are more tolerant of such relationships under varying circumstances . are more people " having sex " ? are extra-marital and casual sex increasing ? have those sexual practices which were for long condemned as " deviant " or " perverted " really become general ? are we , as a society , more knowledgeable and aware in sexual matters than our immediate predecessors ? to what extent have we lost our sexual judgment , our inhibitions , or our intolerance ?

The emancipation of women , the unsettling social effect of the First World War and some increase in education for the majority of the population all made for revision of opinions and attitudes , towards sex as towards other matters .
the emancipation of women , the unsettling social effect of the first world war and some [raise] in education for the majority of the population all made for revision of opinions and attitudes , towards sex as towards other matters .

As the cells increase in number the outer membrane disappears .
as the cells [raise] in number the outer membrane disappears .

However , if it is , the `` approach ``  in the wider sense of the word  will continue , and will increase the stimulative effect .
however , if it is , the `` approach ``  in the wider sense of the word  will continue , and will [raise] the stimulative effect .

If and as this proceeds and increases , sexual stimulation will increase and the bodily signs and preparations of sexual excitement will increase .
if and as this proceeds and increases , sexual stimulation will [raise] and the bodily signs and preparations of sexual excitement will [raise] .

Sexual excitement will increase in both , more and more rapidly .
sexual excitement will [raise] in both , more and more rapidly .

From the seventh month onwards there is a marked increase In weight and by the end of that month it is about two thirds of the length and almost a third of the weight which it will achieve by birth .
from the seventh month onwards there is a marked [raise] in weight and by the end of that month it is about two thirds of the length and almost a third of the weight which it will achieve by birth .

This is partly due to an increase in the amount of blood circulating in her body ( it may be noted that the number of red corpuscles does not increase  hence the condition of very mild anaemia which usually develops ) .
this is partly due to an [raise] in the amount of blood circulating in her body ( it may be noted that the number of red corpuscles does not [raise]  hence the condition of very mild anaemia which usually develops ) .

Protein is stored in the body and blood fats increase steadily up to the time of birth .
protein is stored in the body and blood fats [raise] steadily up to the time of birth .

Labour commences with a marked increase in the contractions of uteral muscle which have been a feature throughout pregnancy .
labour commences with a marked [raise] in the contractions of uteral muscle which have been a feature throughout pregnancy .

As is usual among deviations , most men and a good many women have some fetish object or objects which provide them with sexual stimulation and can increase the enjoyment of sexual activity .
as is usual among deviations , most men and a good many women have some fetish object or objects which provide them with sexual stimulation and can [raise] the enjoyment of sexual activity .

Very significantly , in comparing his study with another carried out 19 years before , Gorer found there had been a marked increase in this expressed appreciation of the sexual factor in marriage  even more marked in women than in men .
very significantly , in comparing his study with another carried out 19 years before , gorer found there had been a marked [raise] in this expressed appreciation of the sexual factor in marriage  even more marked in women than in men .

Studies since Gorer 's indicate a still further increase .
studies since gorer 's indicate a still further [raise] .

It seems probable that , with the loosening of marital and family bonds , adultery is on the increase or at least can be more openly admitted .
it seems probable that , with the loosening of marital and family bonds , adultery is on the [raise] or at least can be more openly admitted .

Since Sir Edmond 's will ruled out charging fees , there were two possible solutions : either the Goldsmiths would have to increase the stipend from their own income from Shaa 's bequest , or the local community would have to take a hand .
since sir edmond 's will ruled out charging fees , there were two possible solutions : either the goldsmiths would have to [raise] the stipend from their own income from shaa 's bequest , or the local community would have to take a hand .

Furthermore , in February 1711 , as part of a general move to increase revenue , it was decided to sell the `` Commons and Waste Grounds `` of Stockport , sufficient to yield about 60 a year ; of this , one sixth was to be paid to the Mayor towards defrayment of the costs of his office , and another sixth to the Schoolmaster , while the remaining two thirds were devoted to the poor of the town .
furthermore , in february 1711 , as part of a general move to [raise] revenue , it was decided to sell the `` commons and waste grounds `` of stockport , sufficient to yield about 60 a year ; of this , one sixth was to be paid to the mayor towards defrayment of the costs of his office , and another sixth to the schoolmaster , while the remaining two thirds were devoted to the poor of the town .

Early in 1826 Hoyle wrote again to the Goldsmiths about the School , " setting forth the scantiness of its yearly funds and alluding to various repairs and expenses which have been occasionally borne at his charges , amounting to about 130 , and  the Wardens are satisfied that a very considerable increase has taken place in the Rents of the estates left for the Endowment of the School , affording means to the Company for extending the benefits of the institution " .
early in 1826 hoyle wrote again to the goldsmiths about the school , " setting forth the scantiness of its yearly funds and alluding to various repairs and expenses which have been occasionally borne at his charges , amounting to about 130 , and  the wardens are satisfied that a very considerable [raise] has taken place in the rents of the estates left for the endowment of the school , affording means to the company for extending the benefits of the institution " .

The Headmaster was given a 50 increase in salary .
the headmaster was given a 50 [raise] in salary .

More space was needed to keep up the increase in numbers .
more space was needed to keep up the [raise] in numbers .

But it was not simply a matter of taking one extra form : as the increase progressed up the School , it would become the equivalent in time of five extra forms , and it would not be until 1971 that such an expansion could be accommodated , as the building programme came to fruition .
but it was not simply a matter of taking one extra form : as the [raise] progressed up the school , it would become the equivalent in time of five extra forms , and it would not be until 1971 that such an expansion could be accommodated , as the building programme came to fruition .

The course the Governors decided upon was to increase numbers in planned stages to about 1,000 , which would entail a much smaller rise in the fees , and also to admit girls : this would avoid any potential lowering of standards , for there was a demand for places for girls , and there was at least a moral commitment to take some of the Convent 's Sixth Formers when it closed .
the course the governors decided upon was to [raise] numbers in planned stages to about 1,000 , which would entail a much smaller rise in the fees , and also to admit girls : this would avoid any potential lowering of standards , for there was a demand for places for girls , and there was at least a moral commitment to take some of the convent 's sixth formers when it closed .

By mid-1961 , Congress had approved an expansion of Social Security and unemployment benefits , a Federally-financed Housing Act for home building , Federal aid to depressed areas , and an increase in minimum wages , first to $ 1.15 and then to $ 1.25 per hour .
by mid-1961 , congress had approved an expansion of social security and unemployment benefits , a federally-financed housing act for home building , federal aid to depressed areas , and an [raise] in minimum wages , first to $ 1.15 and then to $ 1.25 per hour .

The vast increase in the power of the President since 1945 has led some to compare his position with that of a Roman Emperor .
the vast [raise] in the power of the president since 1945 has led some to compare his position with that of a roman emperor .

Other adverbs , especially still and already , refer to time , emphasizing the premature nightfall , which , with its increase of gloom , colours the passage with despondency .
other adverbs , especially still and already , refer to time , emphasizing the premature nightfall , which , with its [raise] of gloom , colours the passage with despondency .

Anticipatory and parenthetical structures increase difficulty because they require the reader 's mind to store up syntactic information which it will use later on ( see 7.5.34 ) .
anticipatory and parenthetical structures [raise] difficulty because they require the reader 's mind to store up syntactic information which it will use later on ( see 7.5.34 ) .

We use metoclopramide as it causes no increase in sympathetic drive .
we use metoclopramide as it causes no [raise] in sympathetic drive .

Longer , or more frequent , exercise sessions produce little further improvement in fitness level , but do produce an increase in risk of musculoskeletal abnormalities .
longer , or more frequent , exercise sessions produce little further improvement in fitness level , but do produce an [raise] in risk of musculoskeletal abnormalities .

Inconsistency is when the personnel director , faced with a request for an increase in pay , says " 4 per cent maximum " and then concedes 4 per cent under threat of strike .
inconsistency is when the personnel director , faced with a request for an [raise] in pay , says " 4 per cent maximum " and then concedes 4 per cent under threat of strike .

Set your team a competition to increase profit levels by 10 per cent this week .
set your team a competition to [raise] profit levels by 10 per cent this week .

The Profitboss knows the value of a good pay increase and will rebel against the mean-minded finance people who try to screw employees with bare in mum wages . ( The Profitboss is ten times more effective than a union )
the profitboss knows the value of a good pay [raise] and will rebel against the mean-minded finance people who try to screw employees with bare in mum wages . ( the profitboss is ten times more effective than a union )

He does n't believe that extra money motivates , whether that money be a bonus , profit sharing or a salary increase .
he does n't believe that extra money motivates , whether that money be a bonus , profit sharing or a salary [raise] .

cut costs and increase profits .
cut costs and [raise] profits .

An unfortunate accident in the solvent plant , a fire in the warehouse , a large-scale burglary , the loss of a key client , some bad publicity over a defective product , an unexpected but substantial price increase on raw materials can all present a crisis to a company , and most companies have such crises from time to time .
an unfortunate accident in the solvent plant , a fire in the warehouse , a large-scale burglary , the loss of a key client , some bad publicity over a defective product , an unexpected but substantial price [raise] on raw materials can all present a crisis to a company , and most companies have such crises from time to time .

Costs have got themselves a terrible name , mainly because narrow-minded finance people have concentrated on reducing them in an effort to increase profit .
costs have got themselves a terrible name , mainly because narrow-minded finance people have concentrated on reducing them in an effort to [raise] profit .

Unionist reactions to these proposals , published and embodied in the Representation of the People Bill early in 1917 , were very hostile indeed ; it seemed a reckless step to give the biggest ever increase in the franchise in the midst of a major war , to throw away some of the plural votes on which the party had relied , and to receive in return a redistribution that could bring almost anything .
unionist reactions to these proposals , published and embodied in the representation of the people bill early in 1917 , were very hostile indeed ; it seemed a reckless step to give the biggest ever [raise] in the franchise in the midst of a major war , to throw away some of the plural votes on which the party had relied , and to receive in return a redistribution that could bring almost anything .

In the event , the actual redistribution of 1918 came as something of a disappointment , for although there was redistribution within Ireland , the overall number of Irish seats remained the same , and there was only a small increase in the number of English seats .
in the event , the actual redistribution of 1918 came as something of a disappointment , for although there was redistribution within ireland , the overall number of irish seats remained the same , and there was only a small [raise] in the number of english seats .

Within this there was an equally important change , for not only did the number of Unionist seats increase , but so did the number of safe seats .
within this there was an equally important change , for not only did the number of unionist seats [raise] , but so did the number of safe seats .

But the wavelength multiplied by the frequency is always equal to the velocity of light , so this decrease in wavelength has the result at the same time of increasing the frequency v. Inevitably we thereby increase the energy carried by a single photon and make its interaction with the electron correspondingly more rumbustious ( with the effect of increasing the degree of uncontrollable disturbance to its momentum ) .
but the wavelength multiplied by the frequency is always equal to the velocity of light , so this decrease in wavelength has the result at the same time of increasing the frequency v. inevitably we thereby [raise] the energy carried by a single photon and make its interaction with the electron correspondingly more rumbustious ( with the effect of increasing the degree of uncontrollable disturbance to its momentum ) .

This would blur the image and increase the electron 's Ax , again in perfect accord with equation [ 2 ] .
this would blur the image and [raise] the electron 's ax , again in perfect accord with equation [ 2 ] .

With the increase of tension between universal education and differential provision , the special qualities of the new English ( under the hegemony of English literature ) for securing the sense of a common culture while at the same time being suited to differential application across the range of educational sectors , caused the Board to look very kindly on the fledgling discipline and to give a great deal of support to its advancement in schools .
with the [raise] of tension between universal education and differential provision , the special qualities of the new english ( under the hegemony of english literature ) for securing the sense of a common culture while at the same time being suited to differential application across the range of educational sectors , caused the board to look very kindly on the fledgling discipline and to give a great deal of support to its advancement in schools .

With the increase in population from the early nineteenth century , education in this illiberal form was unable to adapt itself `` to the needs of the new body of persons who turned to it for help `` .
with the [raise] in population from the early nineteenth century , education in this illiberal form was unable to adapt itself `` to the needs of the new body of persons who turned to it for help `` .

Thus , it has now become necessary to justify and possibly improve arts education by showing how it may increase awareness of `` man `` and `` the world `` .
thus , it has now become necessary to justify and possibly improve arts education by showing how it may [raise] awareness of `` man `` and `` the world `` .

The increase in flexibility may be conceded , although it should be added that it commonly only extended to the classic texts , most notably the works of Shakespeare , whose assumed centrality continued to be justified in terms both of their uniquely potent literary rhetoric , and their cultural and imaginative force within `` the pool of our common experience `` .
the [raise] in flexibility may be conceded , although it should be added that it commonly only extended to the classic texts , most notably the works of shakespeare , whose assumed centrality continued to be justified in terms both of their uniquely potent literary rhetoric , and their cultural and imaginative force within `` the pool of our common experience `` .

The alarming increase in media oligopolies has led to a subsequent decline in any need for public accountability on the part of media corporations .
the alarming [raise] in media oligopolies has led to a subsequent decline in any need for public accountability on the part of media corporations .

Put any of your players through extra training to hopefully increase their skill rating .
put any of your players through extra training to hopefully [raise] their skill rating .

Sharing on these lines and a desire to increase contacts between us should not , however , be confused with any desire to  take over  the library .
sharing on these lines and a desire to [raise] contacts between us should not , however , be confused with any desire to  take over  the library .

The aim of the association is to increase and encourage research into the art of the Iberian Peninsula , also at an institutional level .
the aim of the association is to [raise] and encourage research into the art of the iberian peninsula , also at an institutional level .

Hard-pressed Warburg may become part of a single federal research Institute to increase its bargaining power
hard-pressed warburg may become part of a single federal research institute to [raise] its bargaining power

To re-establish a sense of team-work , which has been lost recently , and to see the collections increase and grow .
to re-establish a sense of team-work , which has been lost recently , and to see the collections [raise] and grow .

However , with these examples , might it no be of benefit to the England side to increase the frequency of these News bulletins ? England 's bowlers clearly save their best deliveries for these five-minute breaks , so would more breaks mean more much-needed wickets for England ?
however , with these examples , might it no be of benefit to the england side to [raise] the frequency of these news bulletins ? england 's bowlers clearly save their best deliveries for these five-minute breaks , so would more breaks mean more much-needed wickets for england ?

In the late Republic and early Empire , political figures ( and later the Emperor ) attempted to increase the number and variety of creatures , even including criminals in these vast , bloody spectacles so horrific and disgusting to modern man .
in the late republic and early empire , political figures ( and later the emperor ) attempted to [raise] the number and variety of creatures , even including criminals in these vast , bloody spectacles so horrific and disgusting to modern man .

The interest in these cults among the civil population was enhanced in times of political unrest and an increase in central authoritarian presence .
the interest in these cults among the civil population was enhanced in times of political unrest and an [raise] in central authoritarian presence .

For example , if an appeal court thinks that the victim of a motor accident has been awarded too small a sum of damages for injuries inflicted by the defendant 's negligence , it can increase the award .
for example , if an appeal court thinks that the victim of a motor accident has been awarded too small a sum of damages for injuries inflicted by the defendant 's negligence , it can [raise] the award .

The main aim of this reform of the civil service is to increase efficiency and financial accountability in the running of government programmes and to put the delivery of public services on a more business-like footing while stopping short of privatization which ( for the present , anyway ) may seem politically unacceptable .
the main aim of this reform of the civil service is to [raise] efficiency and financial accountability in the running of government programmes and to put the delivery of public services on a more business-like footing while stopping short of privatization which ( for the present , anyway ) may seem politically unacceptable .

English court procedure at present gives no rights of intervention to third parties ; and it might be argued that if they were significantly extended , this would increase even further the role of the courts in resolving disputes which ought to be settled by political , not legal , means .
english court procedure at present gives no rights of intervention to third parties ; and it might be argued that if they were significantly extended , this would [raise] even further the role of the courts in resolving disputes which ought to be settled by political , not legal , means .

Secondly , after a period when the insertion into statutes of ouster clauses of the Anisminic type fell out of favour , their use is again on the increase .
secondly , after a period when the insertion into statutes of ouster clauses of the anisminic type fell out of favour , their use is again on the [raise] .

Also , it may be that the relative cheapness and speed of the leave procedure encourages applications to be made for tactical reasons ( for example , to increase the chance of a favourable settlement ) despite the absence of any serious expectation that leave will be granted .
also , it may be that the relative cheapness and speed of the leave procedure encourages applications to be made for tactical reasons ( for example , to [raise] the chance of a favourable settlement ) despite the absence of any serious expectation that leave will be granted .

Stolen-to-order-theft on the increase
stolen-to-order-theft on the [raise]

The increase in space would allow a far greater representation of eighteenth-century painting , as well as many nineteenth-century classics such Millais '  The boyhood of Raleigh  and  Ophelia  , both long in store .
the [raise] in space would allow a far greater representation of eighteenth-century painting , as well as many nineteenth-century classics such millais '  the boyhood of raleigh  and  ophelia  , both long in store .

It has been found that there has been a significant increase in the villagers ' understanding of all aspects of the disease .
it has been found that there has been a significant [raise] in the villagers ' understanding of all aspects of the disease .

Even countries with higher standards of health care , such as Chile , are suffering an increase in diseases such as typhoid and hepatitis .
even countries with higher standards of health care , such as chile , are suffering an [raise] in diseases such as typhoid and hepatitis .

In the event that any increase in brochure prices becomes necessary you will be advised at time of booking .
in the event that any [raise] in brochure prices becomes necessary you will be advised at time of booking .

In the event that any increase becomes necessary you will be advised at time of booking .
in the event that any [raise] becomes necessary you will be advised at time of booking .

He won a substantial increase in the arts settlement for 1991/92 , giving the Arts Council a 11 % rise and the national museums and galleries a 8.5 % rise .
he won a substantial [raise] in the arts settlement for 1991/92 , giving the arts council a 11 % rise and the national museums and galleries a 8.5 % rise .

He noted a marked increase in exhibitions devoted to modern decorative arts : in 1995 the Art Institute of Chicago , for example , will be presenting a show on twentieth-century British silversmiths whilst the current series of design exhibitions at the Bauhaus Archive has included one on metalwork .
he noted a marked [raise] in exhibitions devoted to modern decorative arts : in 1995 the art institute of chicago , for example , will be presenting a show on twentieth-century british silversmiths whilst the current series of design exhibitions at the bauhaus archive has included one on metalwork .

He does intend to increase its flexibility by modifying internal partitions , thus improving on the  outdated concepts of the Sixties and Seventies  .
he does intend to [raise] its flexibility by modifying internal partitions , thus improving on the  outdated concepts of the sixties and seventies  .

Planning permission was refused by the local council after complaints about the proposed design and increase in visitor numbers by local residents .
planning permission was refused by the local council after complaints about the proposed design and [raise] in visitor numbers by local residents .

Sotheby 's reported an increase of 5.8 % in auction sales for the first six months resulting in sales of $ 567.7 million ( 317.5 million ) and pre-tax auction profits of $ 9.1 million ( 5.08 million ) .
sotheby 's reported an [raise] of 5.8 % in auction sales for the first six months resulting in sales of $ 567.7 million ( 317.5 million ) and pre-tax auction profits of $ 9.1 million ( 5.08 million ) .

Christie 's declared a 6 % increase in sales totalling $ 602 million ( 336 million ) for the last six months although sales totals for the whole 199192 season were down by 8 % .
christie 's declared a 6 % [raise] in sales totalling $ 602 million ( 336 million ) for the last six months although sales totals for the whole 199192 season were down by 8 % .

The increase to an average of 120 cigarettes therefore suggests a reversal of the trend to lower consumption among male smokers .
the [raise] to an average of 120 cigarettes therefore suggests a reversal of the trend to lower consumption among male smokers .

Death rates increase approximately in proportion to the duration of smoking : doubling the duration of smoking from 10 to 20 years increases the incidence of lung cancer 16 times if daily cigarette consumption remains constant [ 2 ] .
death rates [raise] approximately in proportion to the duration of smoking : doubling the duration of smoking from 10 to 20 years increases the incidence of lung cancer 16 times if daily cigarette consumption remains constant [ 2 ] .

Tobacco use during pregnancy causes a two-fold increase in the risk of spontaneous abortion .
tobacco use during pregnancy causes a two-fold [raise] in the risk of spontaneous abortion .

Smoking tends to increase blood cholesterol levels .
smoking tends to [raise] blood cholesterol levels .

Nevertheless , in the last 20 years there has been a sharp increase in the production and sale of smokeless tobacco in some developed countries .
nevertheless , in the last 20 years there has been a sharp [raise] in the production and sale of smokeless tobacco in some developed countries .

 Aggressive marketing of tobacco in the Third World has led to an increase in sales by 2% a year .
 aggressive marketing of tobacco in the third world has led to an [raise] in sales by 2% a year .

It is clear , however , that any further delay in finding a way to address the problem will only encourage the present trend to increase  leading to even more deaths and disease each year .
it is clear , however , that any further delay in finding a way to address the problem will only encourage the present trend to [raise]  leading to even more deaths and disease each year .

The increase in ducal authority which followed upon the transfer of the Agenais and of southern Saintonge to Edward 1 and the tighter control exercised by the king-duke over his vassals , including some Barnais nobles , impinged upon the power of the vicomtes .
the [raise] in ducal authority which followed upon the transfer of the agenais and of southern saintonge to edward 1 and the tighter control exercised by the king-duke over his vassals , including some barnais nobles , impinged upon the power of the vicomtes .

The proliferation of the lesser nobility was accompanied by an increase in the number of seigneurial castles in Aquitaine .
the proliferation of the lesser nobility was accompanied by an [raise] in the number of seigneurial castles in aquitaine .

Therapist :  What sorts of stresses have you been under recently ? Think of a stress as being any change in your life , or an increase in the demands being made on you . 
therapist :  what sorts of stresses have you been under recently ? think of a stress as being any change in your life , or an [raise] in the demands being made on you . 

The client is given a number of record forms and is instructed to make an entry whenever they notice an inappropriate increase in anxiety .
the client is given a number of record forms and is instructed to make an entry whenever they notice an inappropriate [raise] in anxiety .

This phenomenon of  reactivity  is well accepted ; desirable behaviours often increase and undesirable behaviours generally decrease when they are monitored .
this phenomenon of  reactivity  is well accepted ; desirable behaviours often [raise] and undesirable behaviours generally decrease when they are monitored .

In both circumstances we can see that the caveman 's body must be prepared , following the initial fright or increase in anxiety , for fight and/or flight .
in both circumstances we can see that the caveman 's body must be prepared , following the initial fright or [raise] in anxiety , for fight and/or flight .

However , if we hyperventilate for even brief periods we increase the intensity of the initial symptoms and may bring on these more serious symptoms .
however , if we hyperventilate for even brief periods we [raise] the intensity of the initial symptoms and may bring on these more serious symptoms .

This may cause a further increase in symptoms , similar to those symptoms of more chronic stress e.g .
this may cause a further [raise] in symptoms , similar to those symptoms of more chronic stress e.g .

As the glass fills and demands increase so eventually demands will get very close to , and eventually outstretch our resources , producing stress and physical symptoms which occur to signal this fact .
as the glass fills and demands [raise] so eventually demands will get very close to , and eventually outstretch our resources , producing stress and physical symptoms which occur to signal this fact .

Eventually , still some distance from the supermarket perhaps , the person 's level of anxiety may become so high that they imagine that any further increase will have a catastrophic effect on them .
eventually , still some distance from the supermarket perhaps , the person 's level of anxiety may become so high that they imagine that any further [raise] will have a catastrophic effect on them .

Perfectionist and obsessional thoughts can also increase stress and cause loss of confidence .
perfectionist and obsessional thoughts can also [raise] stress and cause loss of confidence .

Allowing the client to choose in this way can often increase their motivation for the success of the treatment .
allowing the client to choose in this way can often [raise] their motivation for the success of the treatment .

It is more important to achieve a difficult target on a bad day than a good one because it will increase your confidence still further .
it is more important to achieve a difficult target on a bad day than a good one because it will [raise] your confidence still further .

Specifically relaxation produces a decrement in sympathetic nervous system activity and causes an increase in parasympathetic nervous system activity .
specifically relaxation produces a decrement in sympathetic nervous system activity and causes an [raise] in parasympathetic nervous system activity .

The exercises of relaxation then are gradually causing more and more muscles to act as dead weight , sagging down , hanging on the skeleton causing the weight and heaviness of the body to be seeming to increase gradually as we become increasingly relaxed .
the exercises of relaxation then are gradually causing more and more muscles to act as dead weight , sagging down , hanging on the skeleton causing the weight and heaviness of the body to be seeming to [raise] gradually as we become increasingly relaxed .

It occurs fairly commonly during anxiety attacks because some degree of rapid breathing is part of the body 's natural response to threat , to increase the intake of oxygen to supply the muscles .
it occurs fairly commonly during anxiety attacks because some degree of rapid breathing is part of the body 's natural response to threat , to [raise] the intake of oxygen to supply the muscles .

Increase in heart rate
[raise] in heart rate

This in turn produces worry , further fear of fear , which leads to yet further increase in symptoms by further turning on your stress tap .
this in turn produces worry , further fear of fear , which leads to yet further [raise] in symptoms by further turning on your stress tap .

Taking Breaks to Increase Productivity
taking breaks to [raise] productivity

Poor communication can lead to unhealthy relationships , and unhealthy relationships are likely to increase stress .
poor communication can lead to unhealthy relationships , and unhealthy relationships are likely to [raise] stress .

Small achievable tasks increase confidence , leading to more difficult tasks .
small achievable tasks [raise] confidence , leading to more difficult tasks .

Any exercises which increase the body 's need for oxygen will be exercising the heart and lungs .
any exercises which [raise] the body 's need for oxygen will be exercising the heart and lungs .

People respond to stress in different ways , some smoke , some drink alcohol , and some increase and decrease their food consumption .
people respond to stress in different ways , some smoke , some drink alcohol , and some [raise] and decrease their food consumption .

measures to increase access
measures to [raise] access

Cerec aims to increase pan-European , private sector support for the arts .
cerec aims to [raise] pan-european , private sector support for the arts .

Throughout last year the salerooms saw an increase in educated private buyers checking on condition and provenance , and shunning paintings consigned by the trade .
throughout last year the salerooms saw an [raise] in educated private buyers checking on condition and provenance , and shunning paintings consigned by the trade .

If this were so , then an incorporation of this rank into stratification theory would give rise to a more accurate picture of women 's position in the class structure , and it would increase the validity of stratification measures .
if this were so , then an incorporation of this rank into stratification theory would give rise to a more accurate picture of women 's position in the class structure , and it would [raise] the validity of stratification measures .

One consequence of  job enlargement  in the housewife 's case is an increase in working hours .
one consequence of  job enlargement  in the housewife 's case is an [raise] in working hours .

There is no point in stating that ie objective is `` to increase awareness ' or `` to change an attitude `` .
there is no point in stating that ie objective is `` to [raise] awareness ' or `` to change an attitude `` .

1 To increase awareness of the more recent products .
1 to [raise] awareness of the more recent products .

The amounts in rivers are tending to increase because of discharges of sewage effluents containing phosphates derived from domestic detergents .
the amounts in rivers are tending to [raise] because of discharges of sewage effluents containing phosphates derived from domestic detergents .

Their presence is , however , indicative of pollution , and any sudden increase in foaming in the raw water should be regarded with suspicion .
their presence is , however , indicative of pollution , and any sudden [raise] in foaming in the raw water should be regarded with suspicion .

Cleansing of the medium is achieved by an increase in flow , which suspends the particles in the water dislodging the less dense sludge .
cleansing of the medium is achieved by an [raise] in flow , which suspends the particles in the water dislodging the less dense sludge .

This table shows the increase in capacity obtained with greater salt consumption , and economical running generally has to be a compromise between these two factors .
this table shows the [raise] in capacity obtained with greater salt consumption , and economical running generally has to be a compromise between these two factors .

Paradoxically , you should see the voyage of self-discovery as a shared experience , in which you seek to increase your own competence and self-confidence by means of mutually-rewarding relationships with your fellow students , your teachers and other members of college staff .
paradoxically , you should see the voyage of self-discovery as a shared experience , in which you seek to [raise] your own competence and self-confidence by means of mutually-rewarding relationships with your fellow students , your teachers and other members of college staff .

The announced intention behind the 1989 Housing Act is to increase the stock of rented housing  which has steadily diminished over the years .
the announced intention behind the 1989 housing act is to [raise] the stock of rented housing  which has steadily diminished over the years .

That intention may indeed be achieved but the proposed relaxation of rent control could result in a further considerable increase in house prices , affecting all traditional users of this type of property  the young , the single and the less-financially secure .
that intention may indeed be achieved but the proposed relaxation of rent control could result in a further considerable [raise] in house prices , affecting all traditional users of this type of property  the young , the single and the less-financially secure .

The 1989 Housing Act is likely to increase insecurity of council property as well as private property .
the 1989 housing act is likely to [raise] insecurity of council property as well as private property .

Water rates and 20-per-cent local-authority rates may be passed on to the student as a result of the Social Security Act 1988 and the proposed Community Charge is also likely to increase rents still further .
water rates and 20-per-cent local-authority rates may be passed on to the student as a result of the social security act 1988 and the proposed community charge is also likely to [raise] rents still further .

Some will be scholarship holders , sent abroad to study by their own governments in order to Increase the supply of educated , trained and skilled people in their home economies .
some will be scholarship holders , sent abroad to study by their own governments in order to [raise] the supply of educated , trained and skilled people in their home economies .

With the phenomenal explosion of information science in recent years , the vast increase in publishing costs and the reduction in government grants to educational establishments , librarians seem to spend a great deal of their time these days poring over computer print-outs on library utilization , in order to help them decide where to recommend cutbacks in library service ( e. g. shorter opening hours or reduced service from enquiry desks ) .
with the phenomenal explosion of information science in recent years , the vast [raise] in publishing costs and the reduction in government grants to educational establishments , librarians seem to spend a great deal of their time these days poring over computer print-outs on library utilization , in order to help them decide where to recommend cutbacks in library service ( e. g. shorter opening hours or reduced service from enquiry desks ) .

Try to increase your attention span and extend the length of time over which you can work effectively .
try to [raise] your attention span and extend the length of time over which you can work effectively .

But study stints that are too short will merely increase your anxiety .
but study stints that are too short will merely [raise] your anxiety .

Competent teachers try not to convey too many ideas during first lectures but increase the `` density `` of lectures over the first year .
competent teachers try not to convey too many ideas during first lectures but [raise] the `` density `` of lectures over the first year .

Yet the ability to read with attention , to increase your reading speed , to improve your comprehension , to assess critically the strengths of competing arguments and to take useful notes  these are all vitally important study skills .
yet the ability to read with attention , to [raise] your reading speed , to improve your comprehension , to assess critically the strengths of competing arguments and to take useful notes  these are all vitally important study skills .

They simply increase your panic when you most need help .
they simply [raise] your panic when you most need help .

Whatever its name , the tutorial or small learning group provides a uniquely-valuable opportunity to increase your understanding of any subject and to develop your skill in exchanging intellectual ideas .
whatever its name , the tutorial or small learning group provides a uniquely-valuable opportunity to [raise] your understanding of any subject and to develop your skill in exchanging intellectual ideas .

Rule 2 : reduce stress and increase self-confidence
rule 2 : reduce stress and [raise] self-confidence

Avoid anything that tends to increase your anxiety .
avoid anything that tends to [raise] your anxiety .

For someone who is only moderately active , that could mean a 7- or 8 lb ( 3- or 3.5-kg ) increase in weight over a year .
for someone who is only moderately active , that could mean a 7- or 8 lb ( 3- or 3.5-kg ) [raise] in weight over a year .

Flexibility When your body is warmed up , you 're physiologically more able to stretch the muscle ligaments and increase joint mobility .
flexibility when your body is warmed up , you 're physiologically more able to stretch the muscle ligaments and [raise] joint mobility .

Tolerance means that with regular use , you need to increase the dose to achieve the same effect .
tolerance means that with regular use , you need to [raise] the dose to achieve the same effect .

An overdose can happen sometimes because the quality of drugs that are produced illegally vary according to how much they have been " tampered " with to increase the profit to the dealer .
an overdose can happen sometimes because the quality of drugs that are produced illegally vary according to how much they have been " tampered " with to [raise] the profit to the dealer .

Perhaps the most distinctive characteristic is the frequent presence of strong totemistic elements , ranging from a variety of traditional symbols for warding off the `` evil eye `` to specific tribal motifs ( usually of plant or animal derivation ) which act as both identifying `` insignia `` , and `` talismen `` to protect and increase the power of the tribe .
perhaps the most distinctive characteristic is the frequent presence of strong totemistic elements , ranging from a variety of traditional symbols for warding off the `` evil eye `` to specific tribal motifs ( usually of plant or animal derivation ) which act as both identifying `` insignia `` , and `` talismen `` to protect and [raise] the power of the tribe .

The situation began to change quite rapidly after the Viennese Exhibition of 1873 , the first major public exhibition of oriental rugs , and by the turn of this century the interest aroused in Europe and America was such that Persian and Anatolian weavers were prompted to increase production and , in some cases , to modify their designs .
the situation began to change quite rapidly after the viennese exhibition of 1873 , the first major public exhibition of oriental rugs , and by the turn of this century the interest aroused in europe and america was such that persian and anatolian weavers were prompted to [raise] production and , in some cases , to modify their designs .

Do not be misled by assurances from dealers that all oriental rugs or at least the ones they are selling , will automatically increase in value ; this simply is not true .
do not be misled by assurances from dealers that all oriental rugs or at least the ones they are selling , will automatically [raise] in value ; this simply is not true .

However , some rugs will almost certainly increase in value , and others stand a reasonable chance of at least keeping their value .
however , some rugs will almost certainly [raise] in value , and others stand a reasonable chance of at least keeping their value .

The other indicator of resale potential is quality , and , as a general rule , the higher the quality of a rug , the more likely it is to increase in value .
the other indicator of resale potential is quality , and , as a general rule , the higher the quality of a rug , the more likely it is to [raise] in value .

Of course some cases of self-regulation would be profitable because they increase trade ( an example might be the association of life insurance offices ) , but others might be socially desirable yet bedevilled by public good problems  who is to fund the regulatory body ?
of course some cases of self-regulation would be profitable because they [raise] trade ( an example might be the association of life insurance offices ) , but others might be socially desirable yet bedevilled by public good problems  who is to fund the regulatory body ?

Civil servants , in contrast , are likely to seek active regulation in order to increase perceived responsibilities and hence , according to de Alessi , improve their chances of upgrading the post .
civil servants , in contrast , are likely to seek active regulation in order to [raise] perceived responsibilities and hence , according to de alessi , improve their chances of upgrading the post .

Also , a competitive equilibrium can-not exist because at the point where price equals each firm 's marginal cost , profits would increase with increasing output so each firm would wish to increase output and thereby achieve lower costs .
also , a competitive equilibrium can-not exist because at the point where price equals each firm 's marginal cost , profits would [raise] with increasing output so each firm would wish to [raise] output and thereby achieve lower costs .

Thus , supposing this product is a substitute for the others , an increase in its output will shift the demand curves for the other products inward .
thus , supposing this product is a substitute for the others , an [raise] in its output will shift the demand curves for the other products inward .

We have ray subadditivity plus the fact that costs increase as we move off the ray .
we have ray subadditivity plus the fact that costs [raise] as we move off the ray .

Looking at the behaviour of costs as we increase all outputs proportionately along the ray we have a picture like figure 2.5a .
looking at the behaviour of costs as we [raise] all outputs proportionately along the ray we have a picture like figure 2.5a .

However , by making further efforts to improve certain facets of the project , the manager could increase this probability to 0.7 .
however , by making further efforts to improve certain facets of the project , the manager could [raise] this probability to 0.7 .

If a manager is told to increase some measure of productivity , the manager will tend to distort things in just that direction .
if a manager is told to [raise] some measure of productivity , the manager will tend to distort things in just that direction .

Hence , total sales increase to y 2 , consumers as a group are better off and , since we have , so is the firm .
hence , total sales [raise] to y 2 , consumers as a group are better off and , since we have , so is the firm .

Under the Finsinger and Vogelsang scheme , the manager is able to capture virtually all the increase in social benefits for him or herself in the form of a bonus in other words the social return is very narrowly distributed .
under the finsinger and vogelsang scheme , the manager is able to capture virtually all the [raise] in social benefits for him or herself in the form of a bonus in other words the social return is very narrowly distributed .

The output from a character recogniser requires further processing to reduce the ambiguity and hence increase the accuracy of recognition .
the output from a character recogniser requires further processing to reduce the ambiguity and hence [raise] the accuracy of recognition .

Indeed , a recent and very comprehensive survey of handwriting recognition techniques and systems considered its significance to merit just one sentence :  Higher level linguistic rules such as syntax and semantics can also increase the recognition rate  [ Tappert et al , 1990 ] .
indeed , a recent and very comprehensive survey of handwriting recognition techniques and systems considered its significance to merit just one sentence :  higher level linguistic rules such as syntax and semantics can also [raise] the recognition rate  [ tappert et al , 1990 ] .

In practical terms , this would imply an overall increase in the number of spurious overlaps and a proportional decrease in the number of meaningful overlaps .
in practical terms , this would imply an overall [raise] in the number of spurious overlaps and a proportional decrease in the number of meaningful overlaps .

The inclusion of second level information would not increase the proportion of useful information to redundant information .
the inclusion of second level information would not [raise] the proportion of useful information to redundant information .

It may thus transpire that a marginal improvement is insufficient to justify the increase in complexity associated with this algorithm .
it may thus transpire that a marginal improvement is insufficient to justify the [raise] in complexity associated with this algorithm .

It would appear that the slightly superior performance of the complex algorithm does not justify the increase in execution time .
it would appear that the slightly superior performance of the complex algorithm does not justify the [raise] in execution time .

This represented a significant increase in Gloucester 's power in the region , but not necessarily a corresponding decrease in royal authority .
this represented a significant [raise] in gloucester 's power in the region , but not necessarily a corresponding decrease in royal authority .

It was recognized that the young king was particularly close to his mother 's family , and there was therefore a danger that the coronation of the young king would be followed by an increase in the family 's power .
it was recognized that the young king was particularly close to his mother 's family , and there was therefore a danger that the coronation of the young king would be followed by an [raise] in the family 's power .

One is that Hastings was unhappy with Gloucester 's wish to extend his power as protector beyond the coronation , but this seems illogical when the available evidence suggests that Hastings had earlier welcomed Gloucester as a bulwark against the increase in Woodville power likely to follow the young king 's nominal assumption of authority .
one is that hastings was unhappy with gloucester 's wish to extend his power as protector beyond the coronation , but this seems illogical when the available evidence suggests that hastings had earlier welcomed gloucester as a bulwark against the [raise] in woodville power likely to follow the young king 's nominal assumption of authority .

 The mid-nineteenth century saw a major increase in the market and supply of pornography : its concerns ( flagellatory , the cross-class seduction of servants and young girls , and so on ) were often different in substance from our own ( there was little homosexuality for instance ) , but they illustrate a growing demand for fantasy fulfilment in the very heart of  respectability  .
 the mid-nineteenth century saw a major [raise] in the market and supply of pornography : its concerns ( flagellatory , the cross-class seduction of servants and young girls , and so on ) were often different in substance from our own ( there was little homosexuality for instance ) , but they illustrate a growing demand for fantasy fulfilment in the very heart of  respectability  .

The pattern , both of population increase , illegitimacy and of formal marriage varied enormously : from region to region , depending on the type of industry , the sex and age ratios of the population , the play of market forces ; and over time , depending on the rhythms of economic development .
the pattern , both of population [raise] , illegitimacy and of formal marriage varied enormously : from region to region , depending on the type of industry , the sex and age ratios of the population , the play of market forces ; and over time , depending on the rhythms of economic development .

 The population increase in turn affected the finely balanced domestic economy , forcing women and children out to work , and by the end of the period , with the crisis of the framework knitters , there is some evidence , when faced with major economic problems , of a use of restraint to limit births .
 the population [raise] in turn affected the finely balanced domestic economy , forcing women and children out to work , and by the end of the period , with the crisis of the framework knitters , there is some evidence , when faced with major economic problems , of a use of restraint to limit births .

But in the new situation its social underpinnings were less secure , and there was a consequent increase in illegitimacy in this Essex village in the 1840s .
but in the new situation its social underpinnings were less secure , and there was a consequent [raise] in illegitimacy in this essex village in the 1840s .

The vast increase in the number of servants living in households in England and Wales ( which rose from 847,000 in 1851 to 1.3 million in 1881 ; the number of general female servants rose by 33 per cent ) also provided new opportunities for sexual exploitation .
the vast [raise] in the number of servants living in households in england and wales ( which rose from 847,000 in 1851 to 1.3 million in 1881 ; the number of general female servants rose by 33 per cent ) also provided new opportunities for sexual exploitation .

Nevertheless , there was , in toto , an increase in legal regulation and public surveillance .
nevertheless , there was , in toto , an [raise] in legal regulation and public surveillance .

In the years following 1885 there was a considerable increase in prosecutions for sexual offences .
in the years following 1885 there was a considerable [raise] in prosecutions for sexual offences .

His wages in 1780 were 20 shillings ( 1 ) a week and he asked for an increase to 2 guineas ( 2.10 ) a week .
his wages in 1780 were 20 shillings ( 1 ) a week and he asked for an [raise] to 2 guineas ( 2.10 ) a week .

Also , in the atmosphere of greater international competition of this period employers were increasingly aware of the need to increase productivity and realized that more secure conditions of life could promote higher output .
also , in the atmosphere of greater international competition of this period employers were increasingly aware of the need to [raise] productivity and realized that more secure conditions of life could promote higher output .

Joseph Chamberlain proposed to solve the revenue problem by the introduction of tariffs on imported industrial goods which would , he argued , help industry , increase employment and finance desirable social reforms .
joseph chamberlain proposed to solve the revenue problem by the introduction of tariffs on imported industrial goods which would , he argued , help industry , [raise] employment and finance desirable social reforms .

He applauded those measures , such as Lloyd George 's budget of 1909 , which tended to diminish social inequality , but attacked all moves to increase state centralization and control over the individual .
he applauded those measures , such as lloyd george 's budget of 1909 , which tended to diminish social inequality , but attacked all moves to [raise] state centralization and control over the individual .

One solution was the improvement of administrative and managerial efficiency , but emphasis was increasingly placed upon the need to improve the physical and productive efficiency of the mass of the population , and to increase the size of that population .
one solution was the improvement of administrative and managerial efficiency , but emphasis was increasingly placed upon the need to improve the physical and productive efficiency of the mass of the population , and to [raise] the size of that population .

Employers in this period were either providing from the resources of their businesses or demanding from the state such measures as pensions ( which it was hoped would remove from workers worry about their future in old-age , and would enable employers to dismiss less efficient older workers with clear consciences ) , sickness benefit and medical care ( which would enable them to recover more quickly and fully from sickness ) and , more occasionally , unemployment benefit , which it was also hoped would increase the workers ' sense of security .
employers in this period were either providing from the resources of their businesses or demanding from the state such measures as pensions ( which it was hoped would remove from workers worry about their future in old-age , and would enable employers to dismiss less efficient older workers with clear consciences ) , sickness benefit and medical care ( which would enable them to recover more quickly and fully from sickness ) and , more occasionally , unemployment benefit , which it was also hoped would [raise] the workers ' sense of security .

Thus the experience of the Boer War combined with fears about the British economy to produce a demand for state and voluntary welfare measures designed to increase  national efficiency  , in the contemporary phrase , among influential social groups who previously had been hostile or indifferent to social issues .
thus the experience of the boer war combined with fears about the british economy to produce a demand for state and voluntary welfare measures designed to [raise]  national efficiency  , in the contemporary phrase , among influential social groups who previously had been hostile or indifferent to social issues .

Their intention was to improve national literacy and technical skills : the provision of an educational ladder for brighter working-class children would increase the pool of highly-skilled manpower .
their intention was to improve national literacy and technical skills : the provision of an educational ladder for brighter working-class children would [raise] the pool of highly-skilled manpower .

It did not , of course , increase the revenue .
it did not , of course , [raise] the revenue .

From 1906 radical Liberals were demanding nationally organized and funded , and preferably profitable , public works schemes , rural development , and improved education to increase skill and efficiency .
from 1906 radical liberals were demanding nationally organized and funded , and preferably profitable , public works schemes , rural development , and improved education to [raise] skill and efficiency .

National insurance was , as Lloyd George recognized , a most convenient device for a government short of revenue since it drew finance from workers and employers without the politically unpopular necessity to increase income tax .
national insurance was , as lloyd george recognized , a most convenient device for a government short of revenue since it drew finance from workers and employers without the politically unpopular necessity to [raise] income tax .

It is extremely difficult to construct a cost-of-living index for governmental expenditure and the most one can say is that , very roughly , the ordinary revenue of the Crown probably kept pace with inflation , but did not increase in real terms to meet the larger calls being made upon government .
it is extremely difficult to construct a cost-of-living index for governmental expenditure and the most one can say is that , very roughly , the ordinary revenue of the crown probably kept pace with inflation , but did not [raise] in real terms to meet the larger calls being made upon government .

Robert Cecil 's total benefits from office in terms of influence and contacts probably brought him more than Sadler 's 2,600 ; but , once again , the increase was not huge when set beside the rise in prices .
robert cecil 's total benefits from office in terms of influence and contacts probably brought him more than sadler 's 2,600 ; but , once again , the [raise] was not huge when set beside the rise in prices .

Better an increase of virtue than  their abounding in human literature  .
better an [raise] of virtue than  their abounding in human literature  .

If it were decided to increase greatly the provision of group care in day nurseries , then a big investment would have to be made in buildings and staff training .
if it were decided to [raise] greatly the provision of group care in day nurseries , then a big investment would have to be made in buildings and staff training .

Patricia Beachy and Jane Deacon , writing in the American Journal of Gynecologic and Neonatal Nursing , suggest strategies to increase the safety of neonates while they are in hospital .
patricia beachy and jane deacon , writing in the american journal of gynecologic and neonatal nursing , suggest strategies to [raise] the safety of neonates while they are in hospital .

Adoption has primarily been seen as a means for infertile couples to gain a family , but other people may also choose to adopt : birth relations eg , grandparents ; step-relations ; those wishing to increase their family and offer a child a home ; families already fostering the child ; families with hereditary illness which can affect their biological children .
adoption has primarily been seen as a means for infertile couples to gain a family , but other people may also choose to adopt : birth relations eg , grandparents ; step-relations ; those wishing to [raise] their family and offer a child a home ; families already fostering the child ; families with hereditary illness which can affect their biological children .

Exposure to teaching by other staff might also increase motivation in those nurses who do not themselves normally participate in teaching , and such improvements may also have financial benefits in the longer term through overall increases in efficiency .
exposure to teaching by other staff might also [raise] motivation in those nurses who do not themselves normally participate in teaching , and such improvements may also have financial benefits in the longer term through overall increases in efficiency .

Skills that can increase your autonomy
skills that can [raise] your autonomy

Such skills also increase efficiency and effectiveness , and can help with planning and evaluation .
such skills also [raise] efficiency and effectiveness , and can help with planning and evaluation .

Regular communication with all staff will increase awareness of infection control related issues , but a newsletter or factsheet on items of topical interest such as salmonella , scabies or chickenpox can have a much wider circulation and impact .
regular communication with all staff will [raise] awareness of infection control related issues , but a newsletter or factsheet on items of topical interest such as salmonella , scabies or chickenpox can have a much wider circulation and impact .

if < 37 weeks gestation , start at 8 hourly intervals and increase to 6 hourly as necessary
if < 37 weeks gestation , start at 8 hourly intervals and [raise] to 6 hourly as necessary

Studies to determine the effects of increased cardiac output on uterine bloodflow are ethically difficult and not performed , but ( Barton et al , 1974 ) showed that in pregnant sheep the uterine vessels constrict in response to circulating norepinephrine and epinephrine , while animal studies have shown that plasma catecholamines increase during exercise in response to the intensity and duration of the exercise .
studies to determine the effects of increased cardiac output on uterine bloodflow are ethically difficult and not performed , but ( barton et al , 1974 ) showed that in pregnant sheep the uterine vessels constrict in response to circulating norepinephrine and epinephrine , while animal studies have shown that plasma catecholamines [raise] during exercise in response to the intensity and duration of the exercise .

Findings include a higher incidence of pre-eclampsia , fetal distress , asphyxia , and Ascher et al ( 1978 ) have implicated increased catecholamine levels ( reflecting the sympathetic hyperactivity associated with anxiety ) as bringing about an increase in maternal blood pressure and a decrease in uterine bloodflow , promoting fetal stressors such as hypoxia and acidosis .
findings include a higher incidence of pre-eclampsia , fetal distress , asphyxia , and ascher et al ( 1978 ) have implicated increased catecholamine levels ( reflecting the sympathetic hyperactivity associated with anxiety ) as bringing about an [raise] in maternal blood pressure and a decrease in uterine bloodflow , promoting fetal stressors such as hypoxia and acidosis .

Writing in the American journal Holistic Nursing Practice , Elizabeth Forbes says that a three level approach can increase wellness in elderly people : wellness maintenance , wellness support care and wellness rehabilitation care .
writing in the american journal holistic nursing practice , elizabeth forbes says that a three level approach can [raise] wellness in elderly people : wellness maintenance , wellness support care and wellness rehabilitation care .

In March 1940 a puppet regime under the former nationalist Wang Jingwei was established in Nanjing in a belated attempt to increase Chinese support .
in march 1940 a puppet regime under the former nationalist wang jingwei was established in nanjing in a belated attempt to [raise] chinese support .

The prospect of any substantial increase in immigration in the near future is unlikely .
the prospect of any substantial [raise] in immigration in the near future is unlikely .

Much of this increase in production went untaxed since cadastral surveys were often hopelessly out of date .
much of this [raise] in production went untaxed since cadastral surveys were often hopelessly out of date .

How much of the increase went to the peasantry is a matter of dispute .
how much of the [raise] went to the peasantry is a matter of dispute .

Members of the ruling class sought to increase agricultural production by land reclamation and other projects , and farmers diversified into alternative crops and non-agricultural by-employment to supplement their incomes , but the ruling class was not keen to allow Japan 's farmers to reap the benefits of any increase .
members of the ruling class sought to [raise] agricultural production by land reclamation and other projects , and farmers diversified into alternative crops and non-agricultural by-employment to supplement their incomes , but the ruling class was not keen to allow japan 's farmers to reap the benefits of any [raise] .

This anomaly became even more striking as the increase in merchant prosperity was accompanied by deterioration in the economic position of the ruling class .
this anomaly became even more striking as the [raise] in merchant prosperity was accompanied by deterioration in the economic position of the ruling class .

The price of rice , which was in any case subject to considerable fluctuations , failed to keep pace with the increase in the prices of many other commodities purchased by samurai .
the price of rice , which was in any case subject to considerable fluctuations , failed to keep pace with the [raise] in the prices of many other commodities purchased by samurai .

Most significant was an increase in working capital and an increase in labour inputs consequent on the technological changes introduced .
most significant was an [raise] in working capital and an [raise] in labour inputs consequent on the technological changes introduced .

Between 1920 and 1930 the population of Japan jumped by 15 per cent to over 64 million ; industrial sector growth was inadequate to absorb the increase .
between 1920 and 1930 the population of japan jumped by 15 per cent to over 64 million ; industrial sector growth was inadequate to absorb the [raise] .

Throughout the post-1868 years the rural  urban balance was shifting away from the countryside in the wake of rapid population increase and industrialization , although up to the Pacific War at least half the population continued to reside in small towns and villages , and there was little absolute fall in the rural population until the late 1930s .
throughout the post-1868 years the rural  urban balance was shifting away from the countryside in the wake of rapid population [raise] and industrialization , although up to the pacific war at least half the population continued to reside in small towns and villages , and there was little absolute fall in the rural population until the late 1930s .

From then on there was a sustained increase in output and productivity , which has continued through to the 1980s .
from then on there was a sustained [raise] in output and productivity , which has continued through to the 1980s .

By the early 1970s rice accounted for less than a third of production by value , with the biggest increase showing in market gardening and animal-based products .
by the early 1970s rice accounted for less than a third of production by value , with the biggest [raise] showing in market gardening and animal-based products .

For many Japanese the rural areas are now more important for the welcome respite they offer to those seeking temporarily to escape the pressures of city life , for inevitably the mushrooming of industry and commerce has led to a massive increase in the rate of urbanization .
for many japanese the rural areas are now more important for the welcome respite they offer to those seeking temporarily to escape the pressures of city life , for inevitably the mushrooming of industry and commerce has led to a massive [raise] in the rate of urbanization .

The haulm must be allowed to mature to increase the dry matter content .
the haulm must be allowed to mature to [raise] the dry matter content .

It aids concentration , and can increase efficiency .
it aids concentration , and can [raise] efficiency .

In the course of its report it made several suggestions as to reform of the law to increase the availability of credit by removing what were perceived to be legal handicaps : Specifically , the Banking Commission recommended changes in the law of security .
in the course of its report it made several suggestions as to reform of the law to [raise] the availability of credit by removing what were perceived to be legal handicaps : specifically , the banking commission recommended changes in the law of security .

This may increase in case of ventures particularly important for the Hungarian economy to total exemption from tax .
this may [raise] in case of ventures particularly important for the hungarian economy to total exemption from tax .

The Act contains detailed rules regarding the minimum content of a prospectus ( whether it relates to bonds or shares and whether it is issued in connection with a new joint-stock company or an increase of the stock capital of an existing one ) .
the act contains detailed rules regarding the minimum content of a prospectus ( whether it relates to bonds or shares and whether it is issued in connection with a new joint-stock company or an [raise] of the stock capital of an existing one ) .

One must hope that the several  Quangos  recently set up will help decentralization and will not increase the still-large army of civil servants .
one must hope that the several  quangos  recently set up will help decentralization and will not [raise] the still-large army of civil servants .

In the case of credit card facilities , increases in credit limits will normally be extended only once a year and you will be given the option to reject any increase .
in the case of credit card facilities , increases in credit limits will normally be extended only once a year and you will be given the option to reject any [raise] .

It is worth remembering that interest rates will vary , and you may be charged for cashing cheques and other transactions , which can increase the costs .
it is worth remembering that interest rates will vary , and you may be charged for cashing cheques and other transactions , which can [raise] the costs .

So do n't hesitate to call at your local branch and discuss matters if you want to increase your borrowing .
so do n't hesitate to call at your local branch and discuss matters if you want to [raise] your borrowing .

You may wish to leave your monthly transfer at the same amount ; or you may want to amend it in the light of an increase in the cost of living or changes in your expenditure plans .
you may wish to leave your monthly transfer at the same amount ; or you may want to amend it in the light of an [raise] in the cost of living or changes in your expenditure plans .

However , your premiums will not increase because of your age .
however , your premiums will not [raise] because of your age .

Why do the Policy benefits increase ?
why do the policy benefits [raise] ?

Rather than increase the premiums from their current levels , the benefits have been halved for persons aged 65 or over .
rather than [raise] the premiums from their current levels , the benefits have been halved for persons aged 65 or over .

In expressing that objection , other contemporaries were undoubtedly swayed by the realization that Lyell 's axiom would so greatly increase the age of the earth that it might threaten even a generous reading of Genesis .
in expressing that objection , other contemporaries were undoubtedly swayed by the realization that lyell 's axiom would so greatly [raise] the age of the earth that it might threaten even a generous reading of genesis .

Allied with Francis Bacon 's proposal that a properly organized and properly conducted science could increase the power of the English state was his observation that a new vitality in the sciences had coincided with the Protestant Reformation : This was , of course , a Protestant view of the matter .
allied with francis bacon 's proposal that a properly organized and properly conducted science could [raise] the power of the english state was his observation that a new vitality in the sciences had coincided with the protestant reformation : this was , of course , a protestant view of the matter .

By ill fortune the period of upheaval coincided with a large increase in the volume of work of the higher criminal courts , resulting in problems of delay that still are not eradicated .
by ill fortune the period of upheaval coincided with a large [raise] in the volume of work of the higher criminal courts , resulting in problems of delay that still are not eradicated .

In further discussion , it was suggested that , even though opinion was divided on the merits and on the question whether the abolition of the death penalty would in normal circumstances give rise to an increase in the number of murders , the Cabinet might be able to agree that this was not an appropriate moment at which to take the risk of abolishing the death penalty .
in further discussion , it was suggested that , even though opinion was divided on the merits and on the question whether the abolition of the death penalty would in normal circumstances give rise to an [raise] in the number of murders , the cabinet might be able to agree that this was not an appropriate moment at which to take the risk of abolishing the death penalty .

 The prevalence of crime  , The Times reported , and particularly its increase since the end of the war , was  causing grave concern over the whole of the country  .
 the prevalence of crime  , the times reported , and particularly its [raise] since the end of the war , was  causing grave concern over the whole of the country  .

The higher proportion of the prison population which had been sentenced to imprisonment for offences triable on indictment meant that the sentences served were longer than before , with a consequent increase in the size of the prison population overall .
the higher proportion of the prison population which had been sentenced to imprisonment for offences triable on indictment meant that the sentences served were longer than before , with a consequent [raise] in the size of the prison population overall .

By 1948 another sharp increase to 19,765 had occurred , with the average daily population exceeding 20,000 in July of that year .
by 1948 another sharp [raise] to 19,765 had occurred , with the average daily population exceeding 20,000 in july of that year .

Whereas the increase up to and including 1946 was not attributed to more people being sent to prison each year , thereafter the pattern changed with a substantial rise in the number of convicted and sentenced offenders being received from the courts .
whereas the [raise] up to and including 1946 was not attributed to more people being sent to prison each year , thereafter the pattern changed with a substantial rise in the number of convicted and sentenced offenders being received from the courts .

Offenders in this category had been responsible for more than their share of the increase in crimes of violence , but the enhanced rate of offending at these ages extended to crimes of all kinds .
offenders in this category had been responsible for more than their share of the [raise] in crimes of violence , but the enhanced rate of offending at these ages extended to crimes of all kinds .

It was claimed that this was caused by the greater number of convictions , and the speed at which the increase took place , rather than from any perceptible changes in sentencing practice .
it was claimed that this was caused by the greater number of convictions , and the speed at which the [raise] took place , rather than from any perceptible changes in sentencing practice .

From now on , the twin claws of the pincer that was to hold the development of penal policy fast in its grip were the remorseless increase in the incidence of crime , and the overcrowding in the prisons .
from now on , the twin claws of the pincer that was to hold the development of penal policy fast in its grip were the remorseless [raise] in the incidence of crime , and the overcrowding in the prisons .

 not particularly comforting , since many of the goals which we as a nation set ourselves , the policies which we pursue and the material objectives to which we attach importance tend to increase rather than to diminish the incidence of crime .
 not particularly comforting , since many of the goals which we as a nation set ourselves , the policies which we pursue and the material objectives to which we attach importance tend to [raise] rather than to diminish the incidence of crime .

Punitive trends could be identified in the increase of maximum sentences of imprisonment for offences of violence against the person .
punitive trends could be identified in the [raise] of maximum sentences of imprisonment for offences of violence against the person .

However , many of its attributes are not fully appreciated and the following notes are intended to increase awareness of these .
however , many of its attributes are not fully appreciated and the following notes are intended to [raise] awareness of these .

During autumn and winter months they produce increased amounts of more fertile semen , the malodorous scent glands behind the horn-bearing areas increase in activity and libido and such charming habits as spraying the backs of their front legs with urine increase .
during autumn and winter months they produce increased amounts of more fertile semen , the malodorous scent glands behind the horn-bearing areas [raise] in activity and libido and such charming habits as spraying the backs of their front legs with urine [raise] .

Although spacing trees widely is not essential , it would allow for easier access and management , and would increase the rate of tree growth and resulting timber quality .
although spacing trees widely is not essential , it would allow for easier access and management , and would [raise] the rate of tree growth and resulting timber quality .

Where technology may have reduced the minimum efficient scale within factories , the creation of corporate-wide systems of communication and control have served in many instances to increase the minimum efficient scale of the enterprise as a whole .
where technology may have reduced the minimum efficient scale within factories , the creation of corporate-wide systems of communication and control have served in many instances to [raise] the minimum efficient scale of the enterprise as a whole .

In Brazil , for example , the change has meant a vast increase in the added-value part of the supply chain in local hands .
in brazil , for example , the change has meant a vast [raise] in the added-value part of the supply chain in local hands .

On the first issue of political liberalism vs bureaucratic-authoritarianism , the popular dogma of the 1960s and 1970s  in Latin America especially  held that in poor countries , the ruling elites were mainly concerned to hang on to power and also to increase their own wealth , if necessary at the expense of the peasants and the urban proletariat .
on the first issue of political liberalism vs bureaucratic-authoritarianism , the popular dogma of the 1960s and 1970s  in latin america especially  held that in poor countries , the ruling elites were mainly concerned to hang on to power and also to [raise] their own wealth , if necessary at the expense of the peasants and the urban proletariat .

Adding more value to commodities is one of the most common means developing countries employ to increase the value of their exports .
adding more value to commodities is one of the most common means developing countries employ to [raise] the value of their exports .

But deteriorating internal conditions forced them to increase the subsidy in 1985 to 20 per cent , and to promise prompt payment ( Kenya , 1986 , p. 96 ) .
but deteriorating internal conditions forced them to [raise] the subsidy in 1985 to 20 per cent , and to promise prompt payment ( kenya , 1986 , p. 96 ) .

Rather than act independently , many developing countries have tried to increase their competitiveness by forming regional trade blocs .
rather than act independently , many developing countries have tried to [raise] their competitiveness by forming regional trade blocs .

One is to increase inter-regional trade and gain scale advantages by specialisation .
one is to [raise] inter-regional trade and gain scale advantages by specialisation .

The broader-based Latin American Free Trade Area appeared to increase intra-industry trade but had few other perceptible consequences .
the broader-based latin american free trade area appeared to [raise] intra-industry trade but had few other perceptible consequences .

The initial agreement covers many capital goods ( excluding informatics ) and has led to an increase in trade and specialisation .
the initial agreement covers many capital goods ( excluding informatics ) and has led to an [raise] in trade and specialisation .

Whatever the mechanism of the sale and to whom , the intention of privatisation is to increase economic efficiency ( Commander and Killick , 1988 ) and to increase the degree to which the country can become part of the global economy ( Vernon , 1988 ) .
whatever the mechanism of the sale and to whom , the intention of privatisation is to [raise] economic efficiency ( commander and killick , 1988 ) and to [raise] the degree to which the country can become part of the global economy ( vernon , 1988 ) .

Policies designed to increase the added-value content of natural resource exports have taken different forms , depending on the nature of the world market .
policies designed to [raise] the added-value content of natural resource exports have taken different forms , depending on the nature of the world market .

Below the front windows was a box extension of about two feet in length , so placed as to increase the space of the interior .
below the front windows was a box extension of about two feet in length , so placed as to [raise] the space of the interior .

Pressures on carers will increase as Britain faces a population explosion among the most vulnerable elderly people .
pressures on carers will [raise] as britain faces a population explosion among the most vulnerable elderly people .

The estimated four million people over 75 are expected to increase by more than 40 per cent by 2030 .
the estimated four million people over 75 are expected to [raise] by more than 40 per cent by 2030 .

The Home Office has reportedly seen an increase of more than 40 per cent in the number of young people sentenced to young offender institutions .
the home office has reportedly seen an [raise] of more than 40 per cent in the number of young people sentenced to young offender institutions .

Stanley also reports an increase of section 53 sentences for crimes like murder and serious assault .
stanley also reports an [raise] of section 53 sentences for crimes like murder and serious assault .

Youth workers in Leeds have also seen a sharp increase in the number of 17-year-olds in custody .
youth workers in leeds have also seen a sharp [raise] in the number of 17-year-olds in custody .

As violent crime against elderly people seems to increase , the resulting moral outcry can blind us to the fact that huge numbers of elderly people are abused in their own homes by carers  sons , daughters , husbands , wives , other relatives as friends , and paid carers .
as violent crime against elderly people seems to [raise] , the resulting moral outcry can blind us to the fact that huge numbers of elderly people are abused in their own homes by carers  sons , daughters , husbands , wives , other relatives as friends , and paid carers .

This is an even more beguiling picture since the forecasted increase in demand will bring the existing plants up to capacity and necessitate the building of a new one , of course on much the same technological base as exists today .
this is an even more beguiling picture since the forecasted [raise] in demand will bring the existing plants up to capacity and necessitate the building of a new one , of course on much the same technological base as exists today .

For Comte the fundamental law of human evolution consists in the  growing ascendancy of our humanity over our animality , brought about by a double process , namely the increase of power of the intellect over the instincts and of the other-regarding instincts over the self-regarding  .
for comte the fundamental law of human evolution consists in the  growing ascendancy of our humanity over our animality , brought about by a double process , namely the [raise] of power of the intellect over the instincts and of the other-regarding instincts over the self-regarding  .

He suggested that the main cause of social differentiation was the increase in population density .
he suggested that the main cause of social differentiation was the [raise] in population density .

New political conventions have arisen to meet the wants of a new time , the general tendency of which has been  to increase the power of any party which possesses a parliamentary majority  and  to place the control of legislation , and indeed the whole government of the country , in the hands of the Cabinet  .
new political conventions have arisen to meet the wants of a new time , the general tendency of which has been  to [raise] the power of any party which possesses a parliamentary majority  and  to place the control of legislation , and indeed the whole government of the country , in the hands of the cabinet  .

The increasing crush of legislative efforts and the convenience to the Executive of a refuge to the device of Orders in Council would increase th [ e ] danger [ of transition to arbitrary government ] tenfold were the judiciary to approach any such action by the Government in a spirit of compliance rather than of independent scrutiny .
the increasing crush of legislative efforts and the convenience to the executive of a refuge to the device of orders in council would [raise] th [ e ] danger [ of transition to arbitrary government ] tenfold were the judiciary to approach any such action by the government in a spirit of compliance rather than of independent scrutiny .

In addition , lack of warmth and chaotic behaviour may result in child neglect , and impulsiveness and reduced tolerance to stress can be expected to increase the risk of physical abuse .
in addition , lack of warmth and chaotic behaviour may result in child neglect , and impulsiveness and reduced tolerance to stress can be expected to [raise] the risk of physical abuse .

Seven infants had a transient increase in creatine kinase activity ; the authors say that no evidence exists that transient neonatal rises in creatine kinase activity are associated with the development of muscular dystrophy later in life .
seven infants had a transient [raise] in creatine kinase activity ; the authors say that no evidence exists that transient neonatal rises in creatine kinase activity are associated with the development of muscular dystrophy later in life .

These revenues will probably be used to increase middle class access to health care by providing tax credits to small businesses in a managed competition  play or pay  system .
these revenues will probably be used to [raise] middle class access to health care by providing tax credits to small businesses in a managed competition  play or pay  system .

Except for women in the highest grade , there was a stepwise increase in rates of both short and long spells .
except for women in the highest grade , there was a stepwise [raise] in rates of both short and long spells .

The community trials combined show a 39 % reduction in diarrhoeal deaths ( 24 % to 50 % ; two tailed p < 0.00001 ) , a 55 % reduction in measles deaths ( 13 % to 77 % ; two tailed p=0.017 ) , and a slight increase in respiratory deaths , though this was not significantly different from an odds ratio of 1 .
the community trials combined show a 39 % reduction in diarrhoeal deaths ( 24 % to 50 % ; two tailed p < 0.00001 ) , a 55 % reduction in measles deaths ( 13 % to 77 % ; two tailed p=0.017 ) , and a slight [raise] in respiratory deaths , though this was not significantly different from an odds ratio of 1 .

The patients with oedema tended to have higher pulmonary arterial pressures than those without ( p=0.12 ) , and alcohol may possibly intensify the effect of hypoxaemia on the pulmonary circulation to increase arterial pressure .
the patients with oedema tended to have higher pulmonary arterial pressures than those without ( p=0.12 ) , and alcohol may possibly intensify the effect of hypoxaemia on the pulmonary circulation to [raise] arterial pressure .

Obesity can increase nocturnal hypoxaemia , and we found a positive relation between body mass index and the presence of oedema .
obesity can [raise] nocturnal hypoxaemia , and we found a positive relation between body mass index and the presence of oedema .

Endless rescheduling by creditors has caused these very poor countries ,  debts actually to increase .
endless rescheduling by creditors has caused these very poor countries ,  debts actually to [raise] .

Intravenous administration of acetaldehyde elicited a prompt rise in blood pressure and increase in bronchial resistance associated with augmentation of blood histamine concentration .
intravenous administration of acetaldehyde elicited a prompt rise in blood pressure and [raise] in bronchial resistance associated with augmentation of blood histamine concentration .

Editor ,  Ellis Field suggests that increasing the number of consultants to help reduce junior doctors ' hours would alter the nature of senior posts for the worse and advocates a substantial increase in junior staff .
editor ,  ellis field suggests that increasing the number of consultants to help reduce junior doctors ' hours would alter the nature of senior posts for the worse and advocates a substantial [raise] in junior staff .

Field describes the increase in the number of junior doctors as temporary but fails to offer any mechanism to phase out these posts in the absence of appreciable expansion in the number of consultants .
field describes the [raise] in the number of junior doctors as temporary but fails to offer any mechanism to phase out these posts in the absence of appreciable expansion in the number of consultants .

An increase in the number of seniors is only one option proposed by the signatories to the new deal , who included consultant representatives .
an [raise] in the number of seniors is only one option proposed by the signatories to the new deal , who included consultant representatives .

The Department of Health must accept that without a substantial increase in the consultant body and rationalisation of acute services the new deal will undoubtedly fail .
the department of health must accept that without a substantial [raise] in the consultant body and rationalisation of acute services the new deal will undoubtedly fail .

Performance will increase with experience wherever knowledge , skill and practice are relevant to the job .
performance will [raise] with experience wherever knowledge , skill and practice are relevant to the job .

If child-rearing practices include guilt and a strong work ethic , then the probability that energy will be expended in work tends to increase .
if child-rearing practices include guilt and a strong work ethic , then the probability that energy will be expended in work tends to [raise] .

Common-sense observers have long noted this  mellowing  , yet it is only recently that empirical data have demonstrated that concern for relationships does on average increase , that concern for stability and structure also increases , and that enthusiasm for the radical or the different is replaced by conservative views of the world .
common-sense observers have long noted this  mellowing  , yet it is only recently that empirical data have demonstrated that concern for relationships does on average [raise] , that concern for stability and structure also increases , and that enthusiasm for the radical or the different is replaced by conservative views of the world .

The political skills you have to increase your power and influence within an organization .
the political skills you have to [raise] your power and influence within an organization .

The power of the chief executive or minister can in this way be used to increase the power of someone else .
the power of the chief executive or minister can in this way be used to [raise] the power of someone else .

This tactic of reference combines an admired or revered position with an effective individual to increase a less powerful person 's clout .
this tactic of reference combines an admired or revered position with an effective individual to [raise] a less powerful person 's clout .

In most cases it is because someone is withholding information to increase their power .
in most cases it is because someone is withholding information to [raise] their power .

Contextual factors which increase the level of political activity are organization size , disagreement over goals or unclear goals , different perceptions of the options , different information about the same situation , the scarcity of resources and the need to allocate them , and major differences in the expectations and/or power bases of different individuals and groups .
contextual factors which [raise] the level of political activity are organization size , disagreement over goals or unclear goals , different perceptions of the options , different information about the same situation , the scarcity of resources and the need to allocate them , and major differences in the expectations and/or power bases of different individuals and groups .

As organizations increase in size , the necessity to predict and control the behaviour of the whole organization inevitably leads to more structure , more controls , more requests for information .
as organizations [raise] in size , the necessity to predict and control the behaviour of the whole organization inevitably leads to more structure , more controls , more requests for information .

After work , at the pub , verbal interactions may increase rapidly .
after work , at the pub , verbal interactions may [raise] rapidly .

Unlike its predecessor , the standing committee will continue working but has already felt able to recommend a small increase in the target number of places at medical schools .
unlike its predecessor , the standing committee will continue working but has already felt able to recommend a small [raise] in the target number of places at medical schools .

The size of the increase , amounting to 5.7 % or 240 places , seems to have been determined purely on the basis of the amount of spare capacity in the medical schools , which could be used at no capital cost .
the size of the [raise] , amounting to 5.7 % or 240 places , seems to have been determined purely on the basis of the amount of spare capacity in the medical schools , which could be used at no capital cost .

The committee has also recommended an increase in the proportion of overseas students from 5.0 % to 7.5 % , which implies that barely half of the extra places will be available to local applicants .
the committee has also recommended an [raise] in the proportion of overseas students from 5.0 % to 7.5 % , which implies that barely half of the extra places will be available to local applicants .

It has accepted that progressive aging of the population necessitates a parallel increase in numbers of doctors .
it has accepted that progressive aging of the population necessitates a parallel [raise] in numbers of doctors .

It recommends an increase in the number of part time training posts and allows for a resulting modest fall in the average number of whole time equivalents that doctors work .
it recommends an [raise] in the number of part time training posts and allows for a resulting modest fall in the average number of whole time equivalents that doctors work .

Conveniently , the increase in demand resulting from all of these factors can be accommodated within the historically determined resource assumptions accepted by the committee .
conveniently , the [raise] in demand resulting from all of these factors can be accommodated within the historically determined resource assumptions accepted by the committee .

Arguments in favour of a more substantial increase in the supply of medical staff come from several sources .
arguments in favour of a more substantial [raise] in the supply of medical staff come from several sources .

Medical advances almost invariably increase the demands on doctors ' time , and it is this increased intensity of working that has made the long hours of many doctors intolerable .
medical advances almost invariably [raise] the demands on doctors ' time , and it is this increased intensity of working that has made the long hours of many doctors intolerable .

The intention  set out in Plan for Action  was to increase consultant numbers by 2.8 % a year while keeping constant the number of senior registrars and reducing modestly the number of career registrars .
the intention  set out in plan for action  was to [raise] consultant numbers by 2.8 % a year while keeping constant the number of senior registrars and reducing modestly the number of career registrars .

Surplus junior posts were to be converted to consultant posts , with additional service work being met by the new staff grade and a small increase in the number of senior house officers .
surplus junior posts were to be converted to consultant posts , with additional service work being met by the new staff grade and a small [raise] in the number of senior house officers .

As medical staffing budgets are finite any increase in the number of career registrars and senior registrars uses up money that would otherwise be available for expanding the number of consultants .
as medical staffing budgets are finite any [raise] in the number of career registrars and senior registrars uses up money that would otherwise be available for expanding the number of consultants .

It should , however , reduce the likelihood of an accidental overdose being taken from severe pain and increase the chance that if a patient 's family knows of the overdose they will encourage him or her to seek prompt medical advice .
it should , however , reduce the likelihood of an accidental overdose being taken from severe pain and [raise] the chance that if a patient 's family knows of the overdose they will encourage him or her to seek prompt medical advice .

Adding methionine to all preparations of paracetamol might increase prices and therefore reduce sales .
adding methionine to all preparations of paracetamol might [raise] prices and therefore reduce sales .

Changes in social habits , which increase exposure of the pelvis to menstruum , and a new diagnostic technique may therefore have combined to create an increase in the incidence of endometriosis .
changes in social habits , which [raise] exposure of the pelvis to menstruum , and a new diagnostic technique may therefore have combined to create an [raise] in the incidence of endometriosis .

Symptom scores were calculated from the questionnaires as the increase over the baseline score for autonomic symptoms ( sweating , heart pounding , warmness , anxiety , tingling , and trembling ) , neuroglycopenic symptoms ( inability to concentrate , confusion , drowsiness , tiredness , dizziness , weakness , blurred vision , and irritability ) , and total symptoms ( autonomic plus neuroglycopenic score ) .
symptom scores were calculated from the questionnaires as the [raise] over the baseline score for autonomic symptoms ( sweating , heart pounding , warmness , anxiety , tingling , and trembling ) , neuroglycopenic symptoms ( inability to concentrate , confusion , drowsiness , tiredness , dizziness , weakness , blurred vision , and irritability ) , and total symptoms ( autonomic plus neuroglycopenic score ) .

Statistical methods  Sample sizes of 15 to 20 in each group were targeted to detect a reduction in median number of transfusions from two to one per infant and an increase in the mean of median arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratios on day 1 from 0.3 to 0.5 with a power of 80 % and a significance level of 5 % .
statistical methods  sample sizes of 15 to 20 in each group were targeted to detect a reduction in median number of transfusions from two to one per infant and an [raise] in the mean of median arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratios on day 1 from 0.3 to 0.5 with a power of 80 % and a significance level of 5 % .

However , long ( one and five minute ) delays in cord clamping progressively increase the severity of neonatal jaundice in premature infants .
however , long ( one and five minute ) delays in cord clamping progressively [raise] the severity of neonatal jaundice in premature infants .

The greater affluence of rural patients may explain the better pick up rate in rural areas , but compensating for socioeconomic and ethnic differences between rural and urban areas ( which were small ) would be expected to increase the differences in retinopathy observed .
the greater affluence of rural patients may explain the better pick up rate in rural areas , but compensating for socioeconomic and ethnic differences between rural and urban areas ( which were small ) would be expected to [raise] the differences in retinopathy observed .

In addition , the massive increase in the price of oil 1973  74 precipitated a period of recession with double-digit inflation , high unemployment , falling industrial output and collapsing world trade .
in addition , the massive [raise] in the price of oil 1973  74 precipitated a period of recession with double-digit inflation , high unemployment , falling industrial output and collapsing world trade .

Shortly afterwards he identified inflation as ,  Public Enemy Number One  and urged a tax increase upon congress as a way of damping down consumer spending .
shortly afterwards he identified inflation as ,  public enemy number one  and urged a tax [raise] upon congress as a way of damping down consumer spending .

It swiftly became apparent that congress would not go along with such an increase , especially after the big Democratic gains in the 1974 elections .
it swiftly became apparent that congress would not go along with such an [raise] , especially after the big democratic gains in the 1974 elections .

By late December , however , the president had , in any case , reversed his position and now took the view that rather than a tax increase a tax cut was required to stimulate the economy .
by late december , however , the president had , in any case , reversed his position and now took the view that rather than a tax [raise] a tax cut was required to stimulate the economy .

Presidents are tribunes of the people in a way that prime ministers are not , and British general elections  notwithstanding some recent increase in the importance of the personality of leaders  continue to be overwhelmingly party-based affairs .
presidents are tribunes of the people in a way that prime ministers are not , and british general elections  notwithstanding some recent [raise] in the importance of the personality of leaders  continue to be overwhelmingly party-based affairs .

The Reagan forces claimed that the previous administration , anxious to avoid a tax increase in an election year , had left behind a sizeable budgetary deficit thereby forcing on the new governor the need to introduce legislation substantially raising some forms of taxation .
the reagan forces claimed that the previous administration , anxious to avoid a tax [raise] in an election year , had left behind a sizeable budgetary deficit thereby forcing on the new governor the need to introduce legislation substantially raising some forms of taxation .

Reagan 's strong showing against Ford is accounted for by several factors ; the continued reaction to Watergate compounded by the pardon of Nixon ; campaign finance reforms that had improved the chances of outsider candidates ; new apportionment rules in the Republican convention that strengthened the Sunbelt states of the South , the Southwest and the West and , finally , the increase in the number of primary elections .
reagan 's strong showing against ford is accounted for by several factors ; the continued reaction to watergate compounded by the pardon of nixon ; campaign finance reforms that had improved the chances of outsider candidates ; new apportionment rules in the republican convention that strengthened the sunbelt states of the south , the southwest and the west and , finally , the [raise] in the number of primary elections .

The increase in the number of primary elections and other assaults on the power of parties during the 1970s were enthusiastically welcomed by the Reagan forces .
the [raise] in the number of primary elections and other assaults on the power of parties during the 1970s were enthusiastically welcomed by the reagan forces .

At the end of the first session of the 97th Congress , Helen Dewar reported in the Washington Post : Even one of Reagan 's severest critics , Tip O'Neill , the former Speaker of the House of Representatives , does not underestimate Reagan 's early achievements :  ( He ) pushed through the greatest increase in defense spending in American history together with the greatest cutbacks in domestic programs and the largest tax cuts the country has ever seen .
at the end of the first session of the 97th congress , helen dewar reported in the washington post : even one of reagan 's severest critics , tip o'neill , the former speaker of the house of representatives , does not underestimate reagan 's early achievements :  ( he ) pushed through the greatest [raise] in defense spending in american history together with the greatest cutbacks in domestic programs and the largest tax cuts the country has ever seen .

Throughout his campaign , Reagan had made clear his intention to cut government expenditure , to lower taxes and to increase defence spending , and he and his staff now moved to make a reality of those promises .
throughout his campaign , reagan had made clear his intention to cut government expenditure , to lower taxes and to [raise] defence spending , and he and his staff now moved to make a reality of those promises .

In his first State of the Union message , Reagan reiterated the essentials of his programme and went on to call for an increase in defence spending of $ 7.2 billion and cuts in excess of $ 40 billion from the proposed 1982 budget of $ 740 billion .
in his first state of the union message , reagan reiterated the essentials of his programme and went on to call for an [raise] in defence spending of $ 7.2 billion and cuts in excess of $ 40 billion from the proposed 1982 budget of $ 740 billion .

To increase direct tax revenue , liability was shifted from a land base ( which had discouraged peasants from expanding the area they sowed ) to a flat rate per peasant household .
to [raise] direct tax revenue , liability was shifted from a land base ( which had discouraged peasants from expanding the area they sowed ) to a flat rate per peasant household .

Popular resistance to these measures gave the government pause , but efforts to increase revenue continued .
popular resistance to these measures gave the government pause , but efforts to [raise] revenue continued .

Russia 's armies were adequate to increase her influence in central Asia and to inflict further defeats on both Turkey and Persia , thereby extending Russian rule in the Caucasus .
russia 's armies were adequate to [raise] her influence in central asia and to inflict further defeats on both turkey and persia , thereby extending russian rule in the caucasus .

Even where it was possible to draw up useful statistics , local officials were reluctant to forward information which might increase the demands made upon them by their superiors in St Petersburg .
even where it was possible to draw up useful statistics , local officials were reluctant to forward information which might [raise] the demands made upon them by their superiors in st petersburg .

Theoretically the government had greater leeway to introduce reforms to improve their conditions and increase their productivity .
theoretically the government had greater leeway to introduce reforms to improve their conditions and [raise] their productivity .

Where redemption did go into effect immediately , the peasantry soon found their allotments inadequate , and their land hunger was exacerbated by a massive population increase which averaged about 1.5 per cent per year in the second half of the nineteenth century .
where redemption did go into effect immediately , the peasantry soon found their allotments inadequate , and their land hunger was exacerbated by a massive population [raise] which averaged about 1.5 per cent per year in the second half of the nineteenth century .

But within and outside the government support for legislation which would vastly increase civil liberty and the scope for political activity by reforming local government , the judicial system , censorship , and the universities gathered seemingly irresistible momentum .
but within and outside the government support for legislation which would vastly [raise] civil liberty and the scope for political activity by reforming local government , the judicial system , censorship , and the universities gathered seemingly irresistible momentum .

Of immediate concern was the increase in the ranks of the urban poor .
of immediate concern was the [raise] in the ranks of the urban poor .

Students of noble origin predominated , but there was a marked increase in the number of sons of lower officials , urban commoners , and , especially during the 1870s , the clergy .
students of noble origin predominated , but there was a marked [raise] in the number of sons of lower officials , urban commoners , and , especially during the 1870s , the clergy .

Austria-Hungary , Britain , and France , however , viewed with alarm the dramatic increase in Russian influence in the Balkans which the treaty implied .
austria-hungary , britain , and france , however , viewed with alarm the dramatic [raise] in russian influence in the balkans which the treaty implied .

From 1881 the trade balance was kept positive with the help of high protective tariffs , culminating in a prohibitive tariff in 1891 , and positive steps to increase exports , especially of grain .
from 1881 the trade balance was kept positive with the help of high protective tariffs , culminating in a prohibitive tariff in 1891 , and positive steps to [raise] exports , especially of grain .

The rapid increase in indirect taxes , it was maintained , wiped out any relief to the peasantry from the abolition of the poll-tax and periodic cancellation of unpaid redemption dues .
the rapid [raise] in indirect taxes , it was maintained , wiped out any relief to the peasantry from the abolition of the poll-tax and periodic cancellation of unpaid redemption dues .

From the mid 1880s there was a marked increase in the incidence of strikes .
from the mid 1880s there was a marked [raise] in the incidence of strikes .

The South African budget for this year gives university researchers less than they need to keep pace with inflation and allocates most of the additional spending on science to applied work in government laboratories , dashing hopes of a significant increase in university funding .
the south african budget for this year gives university researchers less than they need to keep pace with inflation and allocates most of the additional spending on science to applied work in government laboratories , dashing hopes of a significant [raise] in university funding .

It has been shown that a broadened serological response occurs after immunization of HIV-infected individuals and that T-cell responses increase drastically .
it has been shown that a broadened serological response occurs after immunization of hiv-infected individuals and that t-cell responses [raise] drastically .

Neither of the formulas so far mentioned will do ; the Gibbs formula gives an entropy that for an isolated system of molecules is easily shown to stay constant in time rather than to increase , and the Boltzmann formula also does not have the desired non-decrease property if the system is not a gas .
neither of the formulas so far mentioned will do ; the gibbs formula gives an entropy that for an isolated system of molecules is easily shown to stay constant in time rather than to [raise] , and the boltzmann formula also does not have the desired non-decrease property if the system is not a gas .

Because he wants the entropy to increase with time , the obvious conclusion would be that the wrong definition of entropy has been chosen and that it should be changed , but he decides instead to change the law of time evolution .
because he wants the entropy to [raise] with time , the obvious conclusion would be that the wrong definition of entropy has been chosen and that it should be changed , but he decides instead to change the law of time evolution .

Developments across the country are uneven , but the shape of things to come can be seen in the greater provision of minor surgery by general practitioners , the increase in health promotion work in general practice , the employment of staff such as physiotherapists and dietitians to work alongside general practitioners , the establishment of shared care arrangements for treating conditions such as diabetes and asthma , and the introduction of  treat and teach  schemes , in which specialists carry out some of their consultations in general practitioners ' surgeries and develop the skills of general practitioners in the process .
developments across the country are uneven , but the shape of things to come can be seen in the greater provision of minor surgery by general practitioners , the [raise] in health promotion work in general practice , the employment of staff such as physiotherapists and dietitians to work alongside general practitioners , the establishment of shared care arrangements for treating conditions such as diabetes and asthma , and the introduction of  treat and teach  schemes , in which specialists carry out some of their consultations in general practitioners ' surgeries and develop the skills of general practitioners in the process .

This involves combined action by hospital providers , who have fulfilled their contracts with a quarter of the year remaining , and general practitioners , who as a consequence are unable to obtain hospital treatment for their patients , to put pressure on health authorities to increase the resources available to acute services .
this involves combined action by hospital providers , who have fulfilled their contracts with a quarter of the year remaining , and general practitioners , who as a consequence are unable to obtain hospital treatment for their patients , to put pressure on health authorities to [raise] the resources available to acute services .

Rather than give young children charcoal immediately on presentation , we suggest confining it to the few who develop symptoms  in a dose sufficient to increase elimination of the drug .
rather than give young children charcoal immediately on presentation , we suggest confining it to the few who develop symptoms  in a dose sufficient to [raise] elimination of the drug .

On the other hand , comparisons with national data may be less relevant in that there may be broad geographical variations either in incidence or in case ascertainment that would make it difficult to determine whether an increase in Seascale or Allerdale and Copeland was a local effect ( and hence possibly related to Sellafield ) or whether it affected the whole of Cumbria .
on the other hand , comparisons with national data may be less relevant in that there may be broad geographical variations either in incidence or in case ascertainment that would make it difficult to determine whether an [raise] in seascale or allerdale and copeland was a local effect ( and hence possibly related to sellafield ) or whether it affected the whole of cumbria .

By calculating rates for each of these areas it is possible to examine the geographical extent of any apparently local increase .
by calculating rates for each of these areas it is possible to examine the geographical extent of any apparently local [raise] .

Thus there is no evidence over the period from 1963 onwards that the excess found in Seascale extends to a wider area around Sellafield , though for the most recent period there was a slight increase in the incidence of lymphoid leukaemia and non-Hodgkin lymphomas in the rest of Cumbria , particularly among children aged 04 years .
thus there is no evidence over the period from 1963 onwards that the excess found in seascale extends to a wider area around sellafield , though for the most recent period there was a slight [raise] in the incidence of lymphoid leukaemia and non-hodgkin lymphomas in the rest of cumbria , particularly among children aged 04 years .

In conclusion , we confirm that there is good evidence for an increased incidence of lymphoid leukaemia and non-Hodgkin lymphomas among young people in Seascale , though we are unable to identify the cause of this increase ; nor can we say that our data and analyses either support or detract from the conclusions of Gardner et al .
in conclusion , we confirm that there is good evidence for an increased incidence of lymphoid leukaemia and non-hodgkin lymphomas among young people in seascale , though we are unable to identify the cause of this [raise] ; nor can we say that our data and analyses either support or detract from the conclusions of gardner et al .

Previous reports had suggested that such subgroups of patients did well in terms of survival in the short and medium term after transplantation , assuming that the development of renal failure requiring dialysis had not occurred before receiving a suitable organ , and quality of life has been shown to increase in absolute terms after such a procedure .
previous reports had suggested that such subgroups of patients did well in terms of survival in the short and medium term after transplantation , assuming that the development of renal failure requiring dialysis had not occurred before receiving a suitable organ , and quality of life has been shown to [raise] in absolute terms after such a procedure .

No concurrent increase in referrals from other sources was observed .
no concurrent [raise] in referrals from other sources was observed .

This could increase , however , if Retford 's local coal mine , Bevercotes Colliery , closes .
this could [raise] , however , if retford 's local coal mine , bevercotes colliery , closes .

Because lords owned large tracts of land at a time when the opportunities for its exploitation were particularly favourable , and could add to this profit from tolls and customs on increasing trade , they could hardly avoid a substantial increase in their resources in the course of the eleventh century .
because lords owned large tracts of land at a time when the opportunities for its exploitation were particularly favourable , and could add to this profit from tolls and customs on increasing trade , they could hardly avoid a substantial [raise] in their resources in the course of the eleventh century .

Thirteenth-century inquests were to see a substantial increase in this percentage .
thirteenth-century inquests were to see a substantial [raise] in this percentage .

Louis 's annual average production of charters  12.1  was a notable increase on the 3.6 of Philip 's reign .
louis 's annual average production of charters  12.1  was a notable [raise] on the 3.6 of philip 's reign .

Here lay the spur to innovation , as can be seen in the Norman and Flemish accounting systems , which combined the techniques of survey and inquest with the new arithmetic to protect and increase the revenues available to the duke of Normandy and the count of Flanders .
here lay the spur to innovation , as can be seen in the norman and flemish accounting systems , which combined the techniques of survey and inquest with the new arithmetic to protect and [raise] the revenues available to the duke of normandy and the count of flanders .

It was not simply a matter of avoiding the dangers of under-utilizing capital equipment , but also avoiding any unnecessary increase in the recruitment of regular labour .
it was not simply a matter of avoiding the dangers of under-utilizing capital equipment , but also avoiding any unnecessary [raise] in the recruitment of regular labour .

In order to expand output quickly Japanese firms did invest heavily at over twice the rates of their competitors , but this increase in their own capacity did not result in the demise of the small firm , rather subcontracted orders offered an expansion path based on interdependence .
in order to expand output quickly japanese firms did invest heavily at over twice the rates of their competitors , but this [raise] in their own capacity did not result in the demise of the small firm , rather subcontracted orders offered an expansion path based on interdependence .

None of these connections necessarily implies any reduction of competition between firms that produce similar goods because of the intense efforts that are made to increase market share even at the expense of rivals within the group .
none of these connections necessarily implies any reduction of competition between firms that produce similar goods because of the intense efforts that are made to [raise] market share even at the expense of rivals within the group .

Purchasing patents would make significant savings on initial research costs and adapting or improving known techniques would increase the speed of development .
purchasing patents would make significant savings on initial research costs and adapting or improving known techniques would [raise] the speed of development .

The advantages of scale for larger firms are expected to lead to lower product prices and an increase in market share relative to smaller producers .
the advantages of scale for larger firms are expected to lead to lower product prices and an [raise] in market share relative to smaller producers .

Commercial banks have generally been able to provide the finance necessary to support the huge increase in investment because they have collected substantial deposits from savers .
commercial banks have generally been able to provide the finance necessary to support the huge [raise] in investment because they have collected substantial deposits from savers .

The interrelation between deposits and loans  thus become another form of reciprocal dealing : an increase in either the amount in deposit or the amount on loan is inevitably linked with an increase in the other  ( Okamura 1982 p.58 ) .
the interrelation between deposits and loans  thus become another form of reciprocal dealing : an [raise] in either the amount in deposit or the amount on loan is inevitably linked with an [raise] in the other  ( okamura 1982 p.58 ) .

What is more disturbing for small firms is the propensity of large companies to increase the length of credit notes when their own liquidity is tight , thereby transferring part of their financial burden onto suppliers .
what is more disturbing for small firms is the propensity of large companies to [raise] the length of credit notes when their own liquidity is tight , thereby transferring part of their financial burden onto suppliers .

In a similar fashion large companies frequently reduce the cash element or where they supply materials to be processed by subcontractors , increase the prices they charge for these materials .
in a similar fashion large companies frequently reduce the cash element or where they supply materials to be processed by subcontractors , [raise] the prices they charge for these materials .

Selected industries have also been able to secure extra depreciation in proportion to any increase in the share of exports in their total sales .
selected industries have also been able to secure extra depreciation in proportion to any [raise] in the share of exports in their total sales .

While large firms have continued to increase their capital/labour ratios thus widening the productivity gap with smaller firms , this has certainly not prevented them from persuading their suppliers to improve the quality of their equipment .
while large firms have continued to [raise] their capital/labour ratios thus widening the productivity gap with smaller firms , this has certainly not prevented them from persuading their suppliers to improve the quality of their equipment .

Japan 's dense network of wholesale and retail distribution has been a contentious issue among overseas producers who claim that it acts as a barrier in their attempts to increase sales .
japan 's dense network of wholesale and retail distribution has been a contentious issue among overseas producers who claim that it acts as a barrier in their attempts to [raise] sales .

In periods of rapid expansion an increase in their own scale of operations has been paralleled by an expansion of output in smaller affiliated companies .
in periods of rapid expansion an [raise] in their own scale of operations has been paralleled by an expansion of output in smaller affiliated companies .

Another way is to organize no-poaching conventions between firms or to pay only low wages in the early years of a career to increase the amounts that mobile workers have to forfeit .
another way is to organize no-poaching conventions between firms or to pay only low wages in the early years of a career to [raise] the amounts that mobile workers have to forfeit .

Even this rate of increase in the official price indices hardly records the real impact as large quantities of food were only available on the black market .
even this rate of [raise] in the official price indices hardly records the real impact as large quantities of food were only available on the black market .

to ensure a growth path for equipment which will allow a reasonable increase in the range and volume of activities to be undertaken
to ensure a growth path for equipment which will allow a reasonable [raise] in the range and volume of activities to be undertaken

The effect they have on performance is to increase the time taken for transactions on the Working-Set database .
the effect they have on performance is to [raise] the time taken for transactions on the working-set database .

Working-set transactions are lengthy , and we anticipate that queues will increase rapidly with demand .
working-set transactions are lengthy , and we anticipate that queues will [raise] rapidly with demand .

Entry service times will increase correspondingly .
entry service times will [raise] correspondingly .

These devices in effect increase the size of program which can be run on a given machine , because much of the required data can be stored externally until needed .
these devices in effect [raise] the size of program which can be run on a given machine , because much of the required data can be stored externally until needed .

You could also calculate the increase in the numbers each week .
you could also calculate the [raise] in the numbers each week .

For example , if there were 25 aphids at the beginning of a week and there were 40 at the end , the increase is 25 40 15 aphids .
for example , if there were 25 aphids at the beginning of a week and there were 40 at the end , the [raise] is 25 40 15 aphids .

Work out the percentage increase every week .
work out the percentage [raise] every week .

What is the greatest percentage you find ? At what date is the increase greatest ? If one aphid multiplied at this rate for 1 year ( 52 weeks ) how many aphids would be produced ?
what is the greatest percentage you find ? at what date is the [raise] greatest ? if one aphid multiplied at this rate for 1 year ( 52 weeks ) how many aphids would be produced ?

To increase the amount of light , line the box with aluminium kitchen foil .
to [raise] the amount of light , line the box with aluminium kitchen foil .

To increase the public 's awareness of this is a major purpose of this book .
to [raise] the public 's awareness of this is a major purpose of this book .

Investors who had watched the company 's share price climb often wanted to increase their own stakes , or were amenable to the suggestion that they should .
investors who had watched the company 's share price climb often wanted to [raise] their own stakes , or were amenable to the suggestion that they should .

Again we have an increasing speed but , equally important , a decreasing cost per bit , and therefore a capacity increase from a few tens of words to several million characters of main storage .
again we have an increasing speed but , equally important , a decreasing cost per bit , and therefore a capacity [raise] from a few tens of words to several million characters of main storage .

This makes it easier for the customer to move to a larger model in the range as his requirements increase , and eases the manufacturer 's problem of providing software for a number of different computers .
this makes it easier for the customer to move to a larger model in the range as his requirements [raise] , and eases the manufacturer 's problem of providing software for a number of different computers .

Estimate the speed increase in using a ( hypothetical or actual ) block transfer instruction on a computer to which you have access , over the best alternative way of performing the move .
estimate the speed [raise] in using a ( hypothetical or actual ) block transfer instruction on a computer to which you have access , over the best alternative way of performing the move .

This in turn will increase the child 's motivation both to engage in further communication and to discover the means for realising his or her communicative intentions more adequately .
this in turn will [raise] the child 's motivation both to engage in further communication and to discover the means for realising his or her communicative intentions more adequately .

The obvious solution , one might think , would be to increase the number of 100-word samples taken , to six or perhaps nine , but this too would be of little value if there were great variability within the book .
the obvious solution , one might think , would be to [raise] the number of 100-word samples taken , to six or perhaps nine , but this too would be of little value if there were great variability within the book .

Fitzgerald found that for some books , an increase to six or even nine samples actually produced means which systematically departed even further from the population mean  the true overall difficulty level , Only after the number of samples taken approached or exceeded the critical number did the mean of the samples agree with the population mean .
fitzgerald found that for some books , an [raise] to six or even nine samples actually produced means which systematically departed even further from the population mean  the true overall difficulty level , only after the number of samples taken approached or exceeded the critical number did the mean of the samples agree with the population mean .

La Brant established a range of general findings not seriously challenged since ; namely , that development in writing was evidenced by an increase in the proportion of dependent to independent clauses , by the gross length of the writing ( the number of words ) , by an increase in average length of sentence and by a growing complexity of sentence structure .
la brant established a range of general findings not seriously challenged since ; namely , that development in writing was evidenced by an [raise] in the proportion of dependent to independent clauses , by the gross length of the writing ( the number of words ) , by an [raise] in average length of sentence and by a growing complexity of sentence structure .

He found that there was an increase with age in the number of words per clause , clauses per T-unit and words per T-unit .
he found that there was an [raise] with age in the number of words per clause , clauses per t-unit and words per t-unit .

He found that the frequency of dependent clauses in the written language of high-ability 13 year olds did not increase thereafter while it did for low-ability children .
he found that the frequency of dependent clauses in the written language of high-ability 13 year olds did not [raise] thereafter while it did for low-ability children .

Its usefulness overstated , its flexibility limited , it may even increase teacher workload , despite claims to the contrary .
its usefulness overstated , its flexibility limited , it may even [raise] teacher workload , despite claims to the contrary .

There was a similar letter from Glasgow ; this time the writing was marginally more educated , and the paper of slightly heavier stock , but the letter was couched in the same guarded terms : a half-yearly profit that was a substantial increase on the same period last year .
there was a similar letter from glasgow ; this time the writing was marginally more educated , and the paper of slightly heavier stock , but the letter was couched in the same guarded terms : a half-yearly profit that was a substantial [raise] on the same period last year .

So far from allowing that number might increase , in 1769 he even favoured a reduction of the number of the enfranchised .
so far from allowing that number might [raise] , in 1769 he even favoured a reduction of the number of the enfranchised .

In the remaining insects only the basal segment contains muscles , Johnston 's organ is present and increase in the number of segments occurs through division of the 3rd segment or sometimes also of some or all of the more distal segments .
in the remaining insects only the basal segment contains muscles , johnston 's organ is present and [raise] in the number of segments occurs through division of the 3rd segment or sometimes also of some or all of the more distal segments .

Typically the hind legs or the mid and hind legs are flattened or clothed with lateral hair-fringes which increase the effective surface area to several times that of the leg proper .
typically the hind legs or the mid and hind legs are flattened or clothed with lateral hair-fringes which [raise] the effective surface area to several times that of the leg proper .

The external changes during growth are comparatively slight and consist mainly of an increase in size at each moult .
the external changes during growth are comparatively slight and consist mainly of an [raise] in size at each moult .

Will it increase the motivation of a student to undertake a series of increasingly difficult tests , each taken when the student has a high chance of success ?
will it [raise] the motivation of a student to undertake a series of increasingly difficult tests , each taken when the student has a high chance of success ?

However , from the supplementary information collected , by questionnaire , from LEAs a year alter the initial review , there appeared to be some increase in the use of the reported incidence of practical work , and about two-thirds of the completed questionnaires indicated that calculator skills were tested .
however , from the supplementary information collected , by questionnaire , from leas a year alter the initial review , there appeared to be some [raise] in the use of the reported incidence of practical work , and about two-thirds of the completed questionnaires indicated that calculator skills were tested .

Success rates are no higher when the test item is placed in context , the chief effect of a context being to increase the rate for the `` decimal point ignored `` error .
success rates are no higher when the test item is placed in context , the chief effect of a context being to [raise] the rate for the `` decimal point ignored `` error .

Increase or decrease a sum of money by a given percentage .
[raise] or decrease a sum of money by a given percentage .

The context of a bus timetable does increase the number of possible ways the question might be done ; on one occasion when a member of the research team gave the test informally to a class , one pupil said he had found his answer ( several hours ) by adding up the intervals between all of the stops .
the context of a bus timetable does [raise] the number of possible ways the question might be done ; on one occasion when a member of the research team gave the test informally to a class , one pupil said he had found his answer ( several hours ) by adding up the intervals between all of the stops .

This century has seen a steady increase in the powers of the Prime Minister who is now in a very strong position .
this century has seen a steady [raise] in the powers of the prime minister who is now in a very strong position .

Its enactment in statutory form might well increase its use .
its enactment in statutory form might well [raise] its use .

This might increase the temptation on the police to do all in their power to discourage complaints .
this might [raise] the temptation on the police to do all in their power to discourage complaints .

Possibly this increase in the number of wakenings during the night is related to the attenuation with age of the twenty-four-hour ( circadian ) rhythm of body temperature and other physiological functions .
possibly this [raise] in the number of wakenings during the night is related to the attenuation with age of the twenty-four-hour ( circadian ) rhythm of body temperature and other physiological functions .

Volunteers in an experiment on the effects of prolonged starvation conducted by Ansel Keys in the 1950s did not report an increase in dreams about food , although their food intake was very low indeed  intended to match the conditions of deprivation suffered by people in places like Auschwitz .
volunteers in an experiment on the effects of prolonged starvation conducted by ansel keys in the 1950s did not report an [raise] in dreams about food , although their food intake was very low indeed  intended to match the conditions of deprivation suffered by people in places like auschwitz .

In addition , it typically becomes very difficult indeed to keep people continually awake without keeping them moving , and this naturally confounds the effects of physical fatigue with those of sleep deprivation per se ( although purposely increasing exercise levels during a vigil does not seem to increase or decrease the impairments attributable to sleep loss ) .
in addition , it typically becomes very difficult indeed to keep people continually awake without keeping them moving , and this naturally confounds the effects of physical fatigue with those of sleep deprivation per se ( although purposely increasing exercise levels during a vigil does not seem to [raise] or decrease the impairments attributable to sleep loss ) .

The theory developed to account for these findings , Lapse Theory , proposed that the special effect of sleep loss was to increase the number of lapses in attention , possibly through `` microsleeps `` .
the theory developed to account for these findings , lapse theory , proposed that the special effect of sleep loss was to [raise] the number of lapses in attention , possibly through `` microsleeps `` .

Evidence supporting the theory has come from experiments on the interaction of sleep loss with other manipulations known to increase arousal level , such as incentives and noise .
evidence supporting the theory has come from experiments on the interaction of sleep loss with other manipulations known to [raise] arousal level , such as incentives and noise .

Only one test proved sensitive to the effects of gradually reduced sleep  the Rapid Alternation Test  where an increase in the number of long responses , or lapses , was noticed at the lowest sleep levels .
only one test proved sensitive to the effects of gradually reduced sleep  the rapid alternation test  where an [raise] in the number of long responses , or lapses , was noticed at the lowest sleep levels .

( 2 ) An increase in the total amount of sleep per 24 hr , as compared with that of non-shift workers .
( 2 ) an [raise] in the total amount of sleep per 24 hr , as compared with that of non-shift workers .

This increase , however , can be attributed to long naps taken outside the main sleep period and increased sleep time on rest days .
this [raise] , however , can be attributed to long naps taken outside the main sleep period and increased sleep time on rest days .

In this myth Isis was a woman who longed to increase her magic powers and join the gods in order to rule over them .
in this myth isis was a woman who longed to [raise] her magic powers and join the gods in order to rule over them .

If a group of mated animals is required for a particular day it is possible to increase the probability of mating using the Whitten effect ( 5 ) .
if a group of mated animals is required for a particular day it is possible to [raise] the probability of mating using the whitten effect ( 5 ) .

This phenomenon can be used to increase the number of animals mating on a particular day .
this phenomenon can be used to [raise] the number of animals mating on a particular day .

Injection of the mother with a mitotic arrestant many hours before embryo recovery will increase the proportion containing mitotic divisions but long exposure also leads to excessive chromosome contraction which makes analysis difficult .
injection of the mother with a mitotic arrestant many hours before embryo recovery will [raise] the proportion containing mitotic divisions but long exposure also leads to excessive chromosome contraction which makes analysis difficult .

The arrestants can be directly injected into the later fetuses to greatly increase metaphase numbers but the procedure requires operative skill and can be traumatic to the mother .
the arrestants can be directly injected into the later fetuses to greatly [raise] metaphase numbers but the procedure requires operative skill and can be traumatic to the mother .

Many advertising people increase their salaries by changing agencies .
many advertising people [raise] their salaries by changing agencies .

This assessment by the health visitors showed a dramatic increase in their own awareness of infant foot health and the acceptability of introducing information earlier to new mothers .
this assessment by the health visitors showed a dramatic [raise] in their own awareness of infant foot health and the acceptability of introducing information earlier to new mothers .

The temptation to see Tops would increase .
the temptation to see tops would [raise] .

They never acquired equal pay , but they did increase their wages , and continued to earn what were , for women , good rates of pay .
they never acquired equal pay , but they did [raise] their wages , and continued to earn what were , for women , good rates of pay .

decrease in volume and increase in respiration rate
decrease in volume and [raise] in respiration rate

You should , however , always remember that any surgery is likely to disrupt both the patient 's usual pattern of eating and drinking , and increase the need for nutrients .
you should , however , always remember that any surgery is likely to disrupt both the patient 's usual pattern of eating and drinking , and [raise] the need for nutrients .

Mr Reynolds was encouraged to take plenty of fluids orally ( up to litres per day ) including nourishing substances and to gradually increase his diet until it was equivalent to his usual intake at home .
mr reynolds was encouraged to take plenty of fluids orally ( up to litres per day ) including nourishing substances and to gradually [raise] his diet until it was equivalent to his usual intake at home .

However , the need for energy is increased by stress or illness , necessitating a corresponding increase in the amount of rest required .
however , the need for energy is increased by stress or illness , necessitating a corresponding [raise] in the amount of rest required .

Julie was given help to increase her level of mobility while in hospital and advice on how to return gradually to her former activities in the future .
julie was given help to [raise] her level of mobility while in hospital and advice on how to return gradually to her former activities in the future .

6 Gradually increase mobility as indicated .
6 gradually [raise] mobility as indicated .

To increase a regular use of the County exchange service and enlist the advice and guidance of County library staff .
to [raise] a regular use of the county exchange service and enlist the advice and guidance of county library staff .

The strategic level concerns policy and the shaping of a `` common vision `` through clarifying system-wide objectives which will include commitments :  to increase the motivation of young people in schools and colleges so that their educational achievements are improved , and their vocational aspirations are raised .
the strategic level concerns policy and the shaping of a `` common vision `` through clarifying system-wide objectives which will include commitments :  to [raise] the motivation of young people in schools and colleges so that their educational achievements are improved , and their vocational aspirations are raised .

For schools , goals may include commitments :  to improve educational standards ,  to increase the number of young people choosing to stay in education ,  to develop close schools/industry links which will enhance curriculum development ,  to provide careers guidance and counselling ,  to arrange Work Experience for all young people ,  to provide records of achievement for all young people .
for schools , goals may include commitments :  to improve educational standards ,  to [raise] the number of young people choosing to stay in education ,  to develop close schools/industry links which will enhance curriculum development ,  to provide careers guidance and counselling ,  to arrange work experience for all young people ,  to provide records of achievement for all young people .

It is hoped , however , that as Compacts increase understanding and trust between Education and Industry , employers will re-examine the appropriateness of administering their own tests .
it is hoped , however , that as compacts [raise] understanding and trust between education and industry , employers will re-examine the appropriateness of administering their own tests .

This may well imply an increase in the participation rate beyond sixteen and prove an encouragement to students to work towards academic qualifications .
this may well imply an [raise] in the participation rate beyond sixteen and prove an encouragement to students to work towards academic qualifications .

Ironically during this period , the service saw a massive increase in personnel staff .
ironically during this period , the service saw a massive [raise] in personnel staff .

It could be argued that if a reduction in the number of 18-year-old girls leaving school is the source of the problem , then increase the proportion of leavers coming into nursing and all will be well .
it could be argued that if a reduction in the number of 18-year-old girls leaving school is the source of the problem , then [raise] the proportion of leavers coming into nursing and all will be well .

Thus , it is not just imaginative ideas which are required but an increase in investment of management time .
thus , it is not just imaginative ideas which are required but an [raise] in investment of management time .

Are there plans to increase the number of staff with a particular responsibility for recruitment ?
are there plans to [raise] the number of staff with a particular responsibility for recruitment ?

Clearly there is room to increase these numbers by emphasising that nurse training is not only for young women .
clearly there is room to [raise] these numbers by emphasising that nurse training is not only for young women .

The manager who seeks to increase the nurse 's embarrassment or difficulties is of little help .
the manager who seeks to [raise] the nurse 's embarrassment or difficulties is of little help .

If agreed at lower levels , it tends to increase the peaks and troughs and certainly does not permit the preceding considerations .
if agreed at lower levels , it tends to [raise] the peaks and troughs and certainly does not permit the preceding considerations .

The agency is a valuable resource to meet staffing shortfalls or an unexpected increase in workload .
the agency is a valuable resource to meet staffing shortfalls or an unexpected [raise] in workload .

Competition for employees will increase and clearly many major industries are preparing their plans to ensure that they remain competitive .
competition for employees will [raise] and clearly many major industries are preparing their plans to ensure that they remain competitive .

The heat began to increase .
the heat began to [raise] .

But to compensate , the amount of goods  personal shoppers  can buy in shops abroad will increase from its present 420 to several thousand pounds .
but to compensate , the amount of goods  personal shoppers  can buy in shops abroad will [raise] from its present 420 to several thousand pounds .

If you would like to give a child an investment present that will increase in value , phone 0898666629 for advice .
if you would like to give a child an investment present that will [raise] in value , phone 0898666629 for advice .

Of course , being in the same profession may increase a sense of rivalry between you  but what 's good about friendship is that we can take a little of this .
of course , being in the same profession may [raise] a sense of rivalry between you  but what 's good about friendship is that we can take a little of this .

When the sugar has completely dissolved , increase the heat until the liquid turns a pale caramel .
when the sugar has completely dissolved , [raise] the heat until the liquid turns a pale caramel .

Increase heat until it turns a golden caramel .
[raise] heat until it turns a golden caramel .

However , the great increase in the number of divorces has now occasioned a stricter adherence to the correct usage , in order to avoid confusion between a widow and a divorce .
however , the great [raise] in the number of divorces has now occasioned a stricter adherence to the correct usage , in order to avoid confusion between a widow and a divorce .

It is , of course , at least as much development as exposition , and the Hagen very properly repeat it , then intelligently pressing the music forward in a constant increase in intensity ( with the major-key suggestions throwing that into strong relief ) right the way through the movement .
it is , of course , at least as much development as exposition , and the hagen very properly repeat it , then intelligently pressing the music forward in a constant [raise] in intensity ( with the major-key suggestions throwing that into strong relief ) right the way through the movement .

The reasons have been strikingly depicted by Cole and Postgate ( 1961:306 ) : The appalling sanitary conditions were accompanied by an increase in destitution and pauperism as people left the countryside , or were forced to leave by the Enclosure Acts , and sought jobs in the manufacturing towns .
the reasons have been strikingly depicted by cole and postgate ( 1961:306 ) : the appalling sanitary conditions were accompanied by an [raise] in destitution and pauperism as people left the countryside , or were forced to leave by the enclosure acts , and sought jobs in the manufacturing towns .

This policy halted the previously continuous growth of local authority tenancies and contributed to the overall increase in owner occupancy .
this policy halted the previously continuous growth of local authority tenancies and contributed to the overall [raise] in owner occupancy .

However the statistics are compiled , an examination of local government expenditure shows a steady increase over the years .
however the statistics are compiled , an examination of local government expenditure shows a steady [raise] over the years .

First , an increase in the general wealth of a country is usually associated with a greater proportionate increase in expenditure on services of the kind provided by local government .
first , an [raise] in the general wealth of a country is usually associated with a greater proportionate [raise] in expenditure on services of the kind provided by local government .

Foster et al show a long-run tendency for  a 1 per cent increase in real income per head  to be associated with a 3 Per cent increase in local current expenditure per head  ( Foster et al .
foster et al show a long-run tendency for  a 1 per cent [raise] in real income per head  to be associated with a 3 per cent [raise] in local current expenditure per head  ( foster et al .

Second , an increase in demand will sometimes occur as a consequence of maintaining existing standards as other circumstances change .
second , an [raise] in demand will sometimes occur as a consequence of maintaining existing standards as other circumstances change .

An increase in the number of children born , for example , will create an additional demand for education .
an [raise] in the number of children born , for example , will create an additional demand for education .

Social changes , such as an increase in the number of divorces , may lead to a growth in the demand for more , but smaller , houses or flats , and place extra demands upon child-care services .
social changes , such as an [raise] in the number of divorces , may lead to a growth in the demand for more , but smaller , houses or flats , and place extra demands upon child-care services .

Finally , there are a number of factors leading to an increase in expenditure that may affect local authorities at particular times .
finally , there are a number of factors leading to an [raise] in expenditure that may affect local authorities at particular times .

So far we have considered reasons for the general increase in local government expenditure over the years .
so far we have considered reasons for the general [raise] in local government expenditure over the years .

Enhancement in this context means the carrying out of works which are intended to lengthen substantially the useful life of the asset , to increase substantially its open market value , or to increase substantially the extent to which the asset will serve the purposes of the local authority concerned .
enhancement in this context means the carrying out of works which are intended to lengthen substantially the useful life of the asset , to [raise] substantially its open market value , or to [raise] substantially the extent to which the asset will serve the purposes of the local authority concerned .

Either finance local services from central funds and cease to pretend that local autonomy exists , or increase the ability of local authorities to raise their own income .
either finance local services from central funds and cease to pretend that local autonomy exists , or [raise] the ability of local authorities to raise their own income .

The point of which is that , with a limited pool of capital , any increase for one must be at the expense of another .
the point of which is that , with a limited pool of capital , any [raise] for one must be at the expense of another .

For the latter , those in the higher occupational categories , such as managers , professional employees , academics , engineers , scientists and technologists , earnings increase rapidly because of an incremental system of reward  a regular and progressive increase in earnings in addition to any pay awards negotiated  whereby earnings rise steeply up till their late forties .
for the latter , those in the higher occupational categories , such as managers , professional employees , academics , engineers , scientists and technologists , earnings [raise] rapidly because of an incremental system of reward  a regular and progressive [raise] in earnings in addition to any pay awards negotiated  whereby earnings rise steeply up till their late forties .

For manual workers , however , including skilled , semi-skilled and unskilled , wages increase only slightly over their working lives ; wages increase on average by only 15 per cent , reaching their peak in the employee 's mid-thirties .
for manual workers , however , including skilled , semi-skilled and unskilled , wages [raise] only slightly over their working lives ; wages [raise] on average by only 15 per cent , reaching their peak in the employee 's mid-thirties .

This is the so-called  poverty-trap  of the lower paid : a small increase in earning takes them over a threshold , whereby they may lose certain welfare benefits and at the same time have to pay a disproportionately large increase in tax on their original income .
this is the so-called  poverty-trap  of the lower paid : a small [raise] in earning takes them over a threshold , whereby they may lose certain welfare benefits and at the same time have to pay a disproportionately large [raise] in tax on their original income .

The importance of qualifications held on entry to the labour market continues to increase , even if promotion and training at work still produce some social mobility .
the importance of qualifications held on entry to the labour market continues to [raise] , even if promotion and training at work still produce some social mobility .

The germ of both ideas can be found in the original writings of Marx and Weber : Weber , for example , speaks of the desire of advantaged occupational groups to  increase their closure and economic security  .
the germ of both ideas can be found in the original writings of marx and weber : weber , for example , speaks of the desire of advantaged occupational groups to  [raise] their closure and economic security  .

As we saw earlier , trends in elite recruitment show no sign of reflecting the increase in qualified candidates from outside the ancient universities and public schools .
as we saw earlier , trends in elite recruitment show no sign of reflecting the [raise] in qualified candidates from outside the ancient universities and public schools .

The steady increase in the number of lifeboat launches continued during 1990 , standing at a new record of 4,935 when the figures were reported to the Annual Meetings in mid-May .
the steady [raise] in the number of lifeboat launches continued during 1990 , standing at a new record of 4,935 when the figures were reported to the annual meetings in mid-may .

There was a small increase in the percentage of launches to pleasure craft , from 54 % in 1989 to 56 % in 1990 , and 72 % of the lives saved by the Institution 's lifeboats during the year fell into this category .
there was a small [raise] in the percentage of launches to pleasure craft , from 54 % in 1989 to 56 % in 1990 , and 72 % of the lives saved by the institution 's lifeboats during the year fell into this category .

There was an 8 % increase in launches to merchant vessels and tankers , with more than half being at night and 21 % in winds over Force 7 .
there was an 8 % [raise] in launches to merchant vessels and tankers , with more than half being at night and 21 % in winds over force 7 .

There was also a very small increase in the number of launches to fishing vessels , up just 2 from 810 in 1989 to 812 in 1990 , with some 247 fishermen saved during the year ( down 12% from 276 to 247 ) .
there was also a very small [raise] in the number of launches to fishing vessels , up just 2 from 810 in 1989 to 812 in 1990 , with some 247 fishermen saved during the year ( down 12% from 276 to 247 ) .

We felt able to announce that we could increase this from 30 to 50 miles at virtually any point around the coast of Great Britain and Ireland .
we felt able to announce that we could [raise] this from 30 to 50 miles at virtually any point around the coast of great britain and ireland .

The need to improve boathouses to accommodate the new generation of lifeboats was inextricably linked with the most important factor in getting to a casualty quicker  the increase in the speed of lifeboats  and Mr Vernon confirmed that the Institution is on schedule for its target to have fast lifeboats at all stations by the end of 1993 .
the need to improve boathouses to accommodate the new generation of lifeboats was inextricably linked with the most important factor in getting to a casualty quicker  the [raise] in the speed of lifeboats  and mr vernon confirmed that the institution is on schedule for its target to have fast lifeboats at all stations by the end of 1993 .

10 in 1969 is the equivalent of well over 70 today , and another increase is long overdue .
10 in 1969 is the equivalent of well over 70 today , and another [raise] is long overdue .

Expenditure in the year had increased by exactly the same percentage as income , with almost half of the increase attributable to modernisation and the building of new lifeboat stations .
expenditure in the year had increased by exactly the same percentage as income , with almost half of the [raise] attributable to modernisation and the building of new lifeboat stations .

We had certainly expected to receive a large response , but had not anticipated the near-unanimous chorus of offers to increase your contributions to the lifeboat service .
we had certainly expected to receive a large response , but had not anticipated the near-unanimous chorus of offers to [raise] your contributions to the lifeboat service .

Increased value without increased subscriptions Many members pointed out that conversion to direct debit and signing a covenant would increase the value of subscriptions without costing members anything ! When you consider that it costs 40p in bank charges every time a cheque is cashed , or that a covenant will increase your contribution by a third ( if you pay income tax ) , you will appreciate why the fund raising and marketing department is so keen on these cost-effective methods !
increased value without increased subscriptions many members pointed out that conversion to direct debit and signing a covenant would [raise] the value of subscriptions without costing members anything ! when you consider that it costs 40p in bank charges every time a cheque is cashed , or that a covenant will [raise] your contribution by a third ( if you pay income tax ) , you will appreciate why the fund raising and marketing department is so keen on these cost-effective methods !

 with regard to the article in the current issue of The Lifeboat regarding an increase in fees .
 with regard to the article in the current issue of the lifeboat regarding an [raise] in fees .

This was steady , if less marked in the early years of Japanese rule , but in the 1920s a large increase in the number of publication permits issued by the authorities occurred .
this was steady , if less marked in the early years of japanese rule , but in the 1920s a large [raise] in the number of publication permits issued by the authorities occurred .

Intelligence suggested that personnel had recently returned and there had been a significant increase in the number of aircraft seen and in the locations at which they had been sighted .
intelligence suggested that personnel had recently returned and there had been a significant [raise] in the number of aircraft seen and in the locations at which they had been sighted .

American industrialists , critical of the performance of the occupation , had urged a reversal of policy so as to increase Japan 's capacity to stand on her own feet and not to receive excessive subsidies from the United States .
american industrialists , critical of the performance of the occupation , had urged a reversal of policy so as to [raise] japan 's capacity to stand on her own feet and not to receive excessive subsidies from the united states .

In November 1948 a trade agreement between Japan and various members of the British Commonwealth was concluded , indicating more than a threefold increase in trade between Japan and the sterling group , which included Australia , New Zealand , India , South Africa plus Britain and her colonies .
in november 1948 a trade agreement between japan and various members of the british commonwealth was concluded , indicating more than a threefold [raise] in trade between japan and the sterling group , which included australia , new zealand , india , south africa plus britain and her colonies .

Streat asked MacArthur for his views on trade with China to which the general replied that an increase in trade between Japan and mainland China would not occur immediately but that he was convinced that this could occur within the next four or five years .
streat asked macarthur for his views on trade with china to which the general replied that an [raise] in trade between japan and mainland china would not occur immediately but that he was convinced that this could occur within the next four or five years .

The war itself gave an immense stimulus to trade , leading to an increase of 60 per cent in Japanese exports in 1950 to be followed by an increase of similar proportion in 1951 on the 1950 figures .
the war itself gave an immense stimulus to trade , leading to an [raise] of 60 per cent in japanese exports in 1950 to be followed by an [raise] of similar proportion in 1951 on the 1950 figures .

MacArthur 's plan would involve the United States in keeping options open to increase forces in Japan according to circumstances .
macarthur 's plan would involve the united states in keeping options open to [raise] forces in japan according to circumstances .

Yoshida considered that there was a danger that radical and ultra-nationalistic activities would increase in Japan and said that his Government was already considering the possibility of establishing a Committee of Un-Japanese Activities to combat them .
yoshida considered that there was a danger that radical and ultra-nationalistic activities would [raise] in japan and said that his government was already considering the possibility of establishing a committee of un-japanese activities to combat them .

And meeting that increase , through new reservoirs and treatment works , is very expensive .
and meeting that [raise] , through new reservoirs and treatment works , is very expensive .

The Association for Stammerers would like to increase our understanding and patience of stammering in a world where fluency tends to be taken for granted .
the association for stammerers would like to [raise] our understanding and patience of stammering in a world where fluency tends to be taken for granted .

Recording her findings in the British Medical Journal , Anne Fleissig reports an increase from 27 per cent to 31 per cent in the number of unplanned pregnancies between 1984 and 1989 .
recording her findings in the british medical journal , anne fleissig reports an [raise] from 27 per cent to 31 per cent in the number of unplanned pregnancies between 1984 and 1989 .

With the increase in home burglaries and storm damage over recent years , it may be that domestic insurance rates are set to rise steeply .
with the [raise] in home burglaries and storm damage over recent years , it may be that domestic insurance rates are set to rise steeply .

Remember to increase the cooking time if you use one large squash .
remember to [raise] the cooking time if you use one large squash .

The process was helped by the so-called  automatic stabilisers   the tendency for taxation to increase faster and public spending at a slower rate in a boom , thereby reducing government borrowing , and vice versa in a recession .
the process was helped by the so-called  automatic stabilisers   the tendency for taxation to [raise] faster and public spending at a slower rate in a boom , thereby reducing government borrowing , and vice versa in a recession .

From a hefty 685 million in 1979 , their combined share wealth rose to some 6.7 billion when Mrs Thatcher left office , a ten-fold increase easily beating the 240 % increase in the cost of living .
from a hefty 685 million in 1979 , their combined share wealth rose to some 6.7 billion when mrs thatcher left office , a ten-fold [raise] easily beating the 240 % [raise] in the cost of living .

This figure reflects an active drive on the part of the church to increase giving from , for example , a 1978 total of 53.7 million .
this figure reflects an active drive on the part of the church to [raise] giving from , for example , a 1978 total of 53.7 million .

The increase has outstripped inflation , but any parish priest will tell you that both the number of  bums on pews  and the amount they donate are disappointing .
the [raise] has outstripped inflation , but any parish priest will tell you that both the number of  bums on pews  and the amount they donate are disappointing .

He has in mind things like another increase in the student/staff ratio .
he has in mind things like another [raise] in the student/staff ratio .

To the politicians the increase in the ratio means they are getting better value for money , greater efficiency  each student educated is costing fewer taxpayers ' pounds .
to the politicians the [raise] in the ratio means they are getting better value for money , greater efficiency  each student educated is costing fewer taxpayers ' pounds .

But by offering generous bank guarantees he was able to buy 200 new tied pubs and increase Belhaven 's sales from 3,000 barrels a year to 30,000 .
but by offering generous bank guarantees he was able to buy 200 new tied pubs and [raise] belhaven 's sales from 3,000 barrels a year to 30,000 .

Throttle control is n't enough on its own to do this and riders play a treacherous and delicate juggling act , weighting the footrests , shifting body weight and manipulating the throttle to increase or decrease rear tyre grip as required .
throttle control is n't enough on its own to do this and riders play a treacherous and delicate juggling act , weighting the footrests , shifting body weight and manipulating the throttle to [raise] or decrease rear tyre grip as required .

Industrial towns and mining villages grew fast through migration and their own natural increase ( table 2.1 ) .
industrial towns and mining villages grew fast through migration and their own natural [raise] ( table 2.1 ) .

Despite the increase in numbers  there was no very great change in the overall relationship between the consumption of cereals and the total population over the 18th century as a whole  ( Deane and Coale 1969 ) .
despite the [raise] in numbers  there was no very great change in the overall relationship between the consumption of cereals and the total population over the 18th century as a whole  ( deane and coale 1969 ) .

For the first time population could increase with a declining grain price and a less than commensurate food output , subsisting on grain imports paid for by manufactures ;  It is one of the most striking ironies of intellectual history that Malthus should have fashioned his analysis just at the time when it was about to cease to be applicable to the country in which he lived  ( Wrigley 1986 ) .
for the first time population could [raise] with a declining grain price and a less than commensurate food output , subsisting on grain imports paid for by manufactures ;  it is one of the most striking ironies of intellectual history that malthus should have fashioned his analysis just at the time when it was about to cease to be applicable to the country in which he lived  ( wrigley 1986 ) .

The records of the Marine Society , a charity which prepared poor London boys for a career at sea , show a slight increase in stature up to about 1790 , a decline until about 1800 then a sharp increase up to 1830 , correlated with London labourers ' wages .
the records of the marine society , a charity which prepared poor london boys for a career at sea , show a slight [raise] in stature up to about 1790 , a decline until about 1800 then a sharp [raise] up to 1830 , correlated with london labourers ' wages .

The decline of tuberculosis mirrors the amelioration of living conditions in the later part of the nineteenth century , as its increase in the late eighteenth reflects the increasing proportion of the population moving to the insanitary towns .
the decline of tuberculosis mirrors the amelioration of living conditions in the later part of the nineteenth century , as its [raise] in the late eighteenth reflects the increasing proportion of the population moving to the insanitary towns .

Church Lane in St. Giles , London ( a notorious  rookery  ) had 655 people in its 27 houses , 4.9 to a room ) according to a London Statistical Society survey of 1841 , and in 1847 , 1,095 or 8.1 to a room  an increase due partly to comprehensive redevelopment nearby , partly to renewed Irish immigration after the Famine of 18456 .
church lane in st. giles , london ( a notorious  rookery  ) had 655 people in its 27 houses , 4.9 to a room ) according to a london statistical society survey of 1841 , and in 1847 , 1,095 or 8.1 to a room  an [raise] due partly to comprehensive redevelopment nearby , partly to renewed irish immigration after the famine of 18456 .

Despite lower British fertility levels , migration out of England exceeded 100,000 per year by 1870 ; 35 per 1,000 population , representing up to a third of natural increase ( Baines 1985 ) .
despite lower british fertility levels , migration out of england exceeded 100,000 per year by 1870 ; 35 per 1,000 population , representing up to a third of natural [raise] ( baines 1985 ) .

In England , literacy and educational level increase , church attendance and Communion figures fall markedly at the end of the century ( Woods 1987 ) .
in england , literacy and educational level [raise] , church attendance and communion figures fall markedly at the end of the century ( woods 1987 ) .

The growth which began in the eighteenth century had made the population more youthful by 1801 ; the normal consequence of any decline in mortality and increase in fertility ( figure 2.8 ) .
the growth which began in the eighteenth century had made the population more youthful by 1801 ; the normal consequence of any decline in mortality and [raise] in fertility ( figure 2.8 ) .

Rural Britain had failed to hold onto its own natural increase , and had lost it to migration .
rural britain had failed to hold onto its own natural [raise] , and had lost it to migration .

South-easterners went to London ; the coalfield towns were predominantly populated by nearby rural dwellers who brought with them high rates of natural increase .
south-easterners went to london ; the coalfield towns were predominantly populated by nearby rural dwellers who brought with them high rates of natural [raise] .

Between 1801 and 1851 only limited areas were directly affected by urbanization , and high rates of increase still occurred in many rural areas , especially in the east and the south .
between 1801 and 1851 only limited areas were directly affected by urbanization , and high rates of [raise] still occurred in many rural areas , especially in the east and the south .

Growth from 1851 to 1911 was concentrated on the few urban industrial regions in which an increasing proportion of the population lived ; these experienced both net immigration and natural increase .
growth from 1851 to 1911 was concentrated on the few urban industrial regions in which an increasing proportion of the population lived ; these experienced both net immigration and natural [raise] .

Few rural areas are beyond the ambit of a town or city and much of the increase of population in many parts of rural Britain reflects the underbounding of urban administrations .
few rural areas are beyond the ambit of a town or city and much of the [raise] of population in many parts of rural britain reflects the underbounding of urban administrations .

From 1841 to 1911 the national increase was twenty million , over half of which took place in the metropolitan counties .
from 1841 to 1911 the national [raise] was twenty million , over half of which took place in the metropolitan counties .

In contrast , from 1911 to 1981 the national increase was only thirteen million , the metropolitan counties in aggregate took under one-tenth of this and , from 1961 , actually lost population .
in contrast , from 1911 to 1981 the national [raise] was only thirteen million , the metropolitan counties in aggregate took under one-tenth of this and , from 1961 , actually lost population .

The fastest growing areas ( types 2 and 3 ) experienced both natural increase and migration gain , and included large areas of central England , the Welsh borders , north-east Yorkshire , and parts of central Scotland  all regions combining the traditionally high fertility of rural areas with the immigration of overspill populations from the conurbations .
the fastest growing areas ( types 2 and 3 ) experienced both natural [raise] and migration gain , and included large areas of central england , the welsh borders , north-east yorkshire , and parts of central scotland  all regions combining the traditionally high fertility of rural areas with the immigration of overspill populations from the conurbations .

More widespread was natural increase exceeding migration loss ( type 4 ) , such areas including most of the conurbations and older industrial areas , together with some less remote rural regions in south Wales , northern England , and southern Scotland .
more widespread was natural [raise] exceeding migration loss ( type 4 ) , such areas including most of the conurbations and older industrial areas , together with some less remote rural regions in south wales , northern england , and southern scotland .

In the 1950s the decline of the cores was relative , absolute numbers of people living there continuing to increase , but in the 1960s absolute numbers declined as well .
in the 1950s the decline of the cores was relative , absolute numbers of people living there continuing to [raise] , but in the 1960s absolute numbers declined as well .

New and expanded towns experienced the highest rates of population growth in the 1950s and 1960s , but in absolute terms it was the medium-sized cities , like Bristol , Leicester , and Southampton , which made the biggest contribution to overall population increase .
new and expanded towns experienced the highest rates of population growth in the 1950s and 1960s , but in absolute terms it was the medium-sized cities , like bristol , leicester , and southampton , which made the biggest contribution to overall population [raise] .

Despite a natural increase of about 60,000 , the Belfast Urban Area ( population 612,000 in 1971 ) grew by only 3,000 between 1966 and 1971 , indicating a high level of out-migration .
despite a natural [raise] of about 60,000 , the belfast urban area ( population 612,000 in 1971 ) grew by only 3,000 between 1966 and 1971 , indicating a high level of out-migration .

But the flat or declining projections made then ( Chapter 13 ) were soon confounded by a regular and sustained increase in fertility , shared with most Western countries .
but the flat or declining projections made then ( chapter 13 ) were soon confounded by a regular and sustained [raise] in fertility , shared with most western countries .

Absolute numbers of births increased from 667,811 in 1935 to 875,972 in 1964 , an increase of 31 per cent .
absolute numbers of births increased from 667,811 in 1935 to 875,972 in 1964 , an [raise] of 31 per cent .

The total fertility rate went up from 2.22 to 2.94  an increase of 32 per cent .
the total fertility rate went up from 2.22 to 2.94  an [raise] of 32 per cent .

Fear of the risks of contraception may turn women towards apparently safer but less reliable barrier methods , This may increase unwanted fertility .
fear of the risks of contraception may turn women towards apparently safer but less reliable barrier methods , this may [raise] unwanted fertility .

However , the increase in fertility seems to precede the publicity about the pill , and the fertility increase has other explanations ( Bone 1982 , Ermisch 1983 ) .
however , the [raise] in fertility seems to precede the publicity about the pill , and the fertility [raise] has other explanations ( bone 1982 , ermisch 1983 ) .

The difference is double the increase in the number of abortions , and one abortion can not be considered to  prevent  one live birth  a ratio of 3:1 is often assumed .
the difference is double the [raise] in the number of abortions , and one abortion can not be considered to  prevent  one live birth  a ratio of 3:1 is often assumed .

From 1977 to 1987 births increased from 569,259 to 681,511 , despite an increase of 53,514 in the annual total of abortions .
from 1977 to 1987 births increased from 569,259 to 681,511 , despite an [raise] of 53,514 in the annual total of abortions .

The risks of such abnormalities as Down 's syndrome and spina bifida increase rapidly with maternal age from 1 in 2,700 births to mothers aged 259 , to 1 in 170 to mothers aged over 45 .
the risks of such abnormalities as down 's syndrome and spina bifida [raise] rapidly with maternal age from 1 in 2,700 births to mothers aged 259 , to 1 in 170 to mothers aged over 45 .

The advance in age at marriage , and in its popularity , accounted for about 30 per cent of the increase in annual fertility rates from the 1930s to the 1950s which comprised the  baby boom  .
the advance in age at marriage , and in its popularity , accounted for about 30 per cent of the [raise] in annual fertility rates from the 1930s to the 1950s which comprised the  baby boom  .

Illegitimacy started to increase again in the 1960s ; later marriage since 1972 has been accompanied by higher , not lower , levels of illegitimacy .
illegitimacy started to [raise] again in the 1960s ; later marriage since 1972 has been accompanied by higher , not lower , levels of illegitimacy .

Most of the increase in illegitimate births has been to women who are in some kind of informal union , not living on their own holding the baby .
most of the [raise] in illegitimate births has been to women who are in some kind of informal union , not living on their own holding the baby .

This is inferred from the increase in the joint registration of illegitimate births by parents who give the same address , published since 1983 .
this is inferred from the [raise] in the joint registration of illegitimate births by parents who give the same address , published since 1983 .

Between 1977 and 1987 illegitimate births increased from 55,400 to 158,400 ; 76 per cent of this increase was in jointly registered births .
between 1977 and 1987 illegitimate births increased from 55,400 to 158,400 ; 76 per cent of this [raise] was in jointly registered births .

The increase is particularly striking among younger women ( figure 4.7 ) .
the [raise] is particularly striking among younger women ( figure 4.7 ) .

The great increase in the popularity of marriage and the baby boom which it partly caused accompanied the post-war economic growth of the 1950s .
the great [raise] in the popularity of marriage and the baby boom which it partly caused accompanied the post-war economic growth of the 1950s .

But their children , born into small cohorts , will themselves experience comparatively favourable opportunities for promotion , recruitment , and wage increase .
but their children , born into small cohorts , will themselves experience comparatively favourable opportunities for promotion , recruitment , and wage [raise] .

It may even have reversed it ( Butz and Ward 1979 ) so that the short-term effects of economic growth in modern societies may be further to reduce fertility , not increase it .
it may even have reversed it ( butz and ward 1979 ) so that the short-term effects of economic growth in modern societies may be further to reduce fertility , not [raise] it .

As wage rates rise , more women will enter the work-force , so the opportunity costs of child-bearing will increase and fertility decline  and vice versa .
as wage rates rise , more women will enter the work-force , so the opportunity costs of child-bearing will [raise] and fertility decline  and vice versa .

This dependence may increase , not decline , if wage rates deteriorate in real terms .
this dependence may [raise] , not decline , if wage rates deteriorate in real terms .

Earlier marriage meant a great increase in teenage births in the 1960s , up to the time when average age at marriage increased ( after 1972 ) , when legitimate births to teenagers began to fall as well .
earlier marriage meant a great [raise] in teenage births in the 1960s , up to the time when average age at marriage increased ( after 1972 ) , when legitimate births to teenagers began to fall as well .

The modest increase in births from 1977 to the late 1980s ( 11 per cent overall ) has favoured first births and births of higher order ( parity ) .
the modest [raise] in births from 1977 to the late 1980s ( 11 per cent overall ) has favoured first births and births of higher order ( parity ) .

Remarried women contributed a third to that increase in births .
remarried women contributed a third to that [raise] in births .

Because of the increase in low parity births to remarried women , these proportions had converged by 1987 , to 15 per cent and 16 per cent respectively .
because of the [raise] in low parity births to remarried women , these proportions had converged by 1987 , to 15 per cent and 16 per cent respectively .

Accordingly they may marry early and begin a family quickly ; that will increase their chances of being allocated a council house through the points system , even though it reduces their chances of buying or renting privately ( Ineichen 1979a ) .
accordingly they may marry early and begin a family quickly ; that will [raise] their chances of being allocated a council house through the points system , even though it reduces their chances of buying or renting privately ( ineichen 1979a ) .

The proportion of unmarried mothers living with their parents declined from 49 per cent in 19735 to 30 per cent in 19834 , with a corresponding increase in those living in their own home from 36 to 59 per cent over the same period .
the proportion of unmarried mothers living with their parents declined from 49 per cent in 19735 to 30 per cent in 19834 , with a corresponding [raise] in those living in their own home from 36 to 59 per cent over the same period .

By contrast with the unprecedented alarms of the late 1970s ,  the disturbing increase in criminal offences  was on the Tory Party agenda , and so was  this sudden increase in crime and brutality which is so foreign to our nature and our country  .
by contrast with the unprecedented alarms of the late 1970s ,  the disturbing [raise] in criminal offences  was on the tory party agenda , and so was  this sudden [raise] in crime and brutality which is so foreign to our nature and our country  .

 It was not exactly a novel sentiment , but from now on the dominant message from within the Tory ranks would be that the welfare state had weakened family ties , the increase of working mothers had produced  a growing decline in parental responsibility  , and  affluence  had undermined the nation 's moral fibre .
 it was not exactly a novel sentiment , but from now on the dominant message from within the tory ranks would be that the welfare state had weakened family ties , the [raise] of working mothers had produced  a growing decline in parental responsibility  , and  affluence  had undermined the nation 's moral fibre .

There had been a perceived increase in youthful crime in the early 1930s that seemed to correspond to an increase in youth unemployment  and again we can reflect on the familiarity of both the problem and the complaint .
there had been a perceived [raise] in youthful crime in the early 1930s that seemed to correspond to an [raise] in youth unemployment  and again we can reflect on the familiarity of both the problem and the complaint .

But in a typically maverick comment on the matter , Baden-Powell thought that if there had been an increase in juvenile crime , then this was  rather a promising sign  .
but in a typically maverick comment on the matter , baden-powell thought that if there had been an [raise] in juvenile crime , then this was  rather a promising sign  .

There was a 70 per cent increase in shop raids in London between 1925 and 1929 , for example , and a 90 per cent increase in bag-snatches over the same four-year period .
there was a 70 per cent [raise] in shop raids in london between 1925 and 1929 , for example , and a 90 per cent [raise] in bag-snatches over the same four-year period .

Between the First World War and the later 1920s , there was also a fourfold increase in breaking-in offences in the outer Home Counties  which almost certainly resulted from the greater mobility afforded to house-breakers by the advent of the motor car .
between the first world war and the later 1920s , there was also a fourfold [raise] in breaking-in offences in the outer home counties  which almost certainly resulted from the greater mobility afforded to house-breakers by the advent of the motor car .

The conditions of mass unemployment certainly helped to support the feeling of leniency , in that crime was thought to be an inevitable consequence of poverty , so that there was an active sympathy for the young unemployed whose miserable condition was further highlighted in a perceived increase of suicides among the young .
the conditions of mass unemployment certainly helped to support the feeling of leniency , in that crime was thought to be an inevitable consequence of poverty , so that there was an active sympathy for the young unemployed whose miserable condition was further highlighted in a perceived [raise] of suicides among the young .

However , the recognition which is generally held was that the increase in the criminal statistics was because police and public alike were more willing to bring charges against young offenders because of the reshaping of the court system towards help and reformation , rather than punishment .
however , the recognition which is generally held was that the [raise] in the criminal statistics was because police and public alike were more willing to bring charges against young offenders because of the reshaping of the court system towards help and reformation , rather than punishment .

The increase in arrests , in other words , was the result of increased police vigilance : the  crime wave  , such as it was , was created by  the actions and reactions of the press , public , and various government agencies  rather than any significant increase in criminal activity in the streets  .
the [raise] in arrests , in other words , was the result of increased police vigilance : the  crime wave  , such as it was , was created by  the actions and reactions of the press , public , and various government agencies  rather than any significant [raise] in criminal activity in the streets  .

The movement of peoples , associated with the great increase in population of the thirteenth century , led to wars which , for example , in Spain were associated with the Christian reconquest of the Iberian peninsula from Moorish control , but which were also waged to satisfy the urge to find new lands , as was to happen in northern and eastern Germany under the rule of the Teutonic Knights .
the movement of peoples , associated with the great [raise] in population of the thirteenth century , led to wars which , for example , in spain were associated with the christian reconquest of the iberian peninsula from moorish control , but which were also waged to satisfy the urge to find new lands , as was to happen in northern and eastern germany under the rule of the teutonic knights .

The campaigns of the Black Prince in 1355 and 1356 , the defeats of French armies at Crcy and Poitiers ( not to mention that at Brignais in 1362 ) served to underline that lack of effectiveness and to increase the fears of the doubters .
the campaigns of the black prince in 1355 and 1356 , the defeats of french armies at crcy and poitiers ( not to mention that at brignais in 1362 ) served to underline that lack of effectiveness and to [raise] the fears of the doubters .

It is important to recognise this , for an acceptance of this fundamental point leads more easily to an understanding of the reasons which caused an increase in the military significance of those who did not fight on horseback .
it is important to recognise this , for an acceptance of this fundamental point leads more easily to an understanding of the reasons which caused an [raise] in the military significance of those who did not fight on horseback .

The huge increase in the number of cosmetic treatments ( mostly foundations and powders ) has provided the ideal opportunity for cosmetologists  who until now have concentrated only on skin preparations  to turn their hands to creating  skin-safe  make-up accessories as well .
the huge [raise] in the number of cosmetic treatments ( mostly foundations and powders ) has provided the ideal opportunity for cosmetologists  who until now have concentrated only on skin preparations  to turn their hands to creating  skin-safe  make-up accessories as well .

But rewards increase out of proportion to price with the wines from named sites .
but rewards [raise] out of proportion to price with the wines from named sites .

We shall endeavour to maintain prices shown but we reserve the right to increase any price shown at any time without limitation , in which case you will be advised of the revised price at the time of booking : after which the price will be in accordance with our price policy , shown in the Cosmos Consumer Protection Plan on pages 12/13 of this brochure .
we shall endeavour to maintain prices shown but we reserve the right to [raise] any price shown at any time without limitation , in which case you will be advised of the revised price at the time of booking : after which the price will be in accordance with our price policy , shown in the cosmos consumer protection plan on pages 12/13 of this brochure .

The demand is for some kind of necessity , some sense in which an increase in the money supply must result in inflation .
the demand is for some kind of necessity , some sense in which an [raise] in the money supply must result in inflation .

Start off dahlia tubers indoors or in the greenhouse to give you shoots for cuttings to increase your stock .
start off dahlia tubers indoors or in the greenhouse to give you shoots for cuttings to [raise] your stock .

So decide to meet a certain number of people for so many minutes each day , and gradually increase this over six months .
so decide to meet a certain number of people for so many minutes each day , and gradually [raise] this over six months .

It is n't wrong to feel angry , but if you let it out in ways like this , the distress will increase for both of you , and you risk losing more than the chance to be a mother .
it is n't wrong to feel angry , but if you let it out in ways like this , the distress will [raise] for both of you , and you risk losing more than the chance to be a mother .

One measure of our regard for the charity , has been the increase in Home Office funding .
one measure of our regard for the charity , has been the [raise] in home office funding .

 We wondered if this new service would take away from our standard lipsticks , but actually what it has done is increase overall lipstick sales within the store .
 we wondered if this new service would take away from our standard lipsticks , but actually what it has done is [raise] overall lipstick sales within the store .

The National Asthma Campaign says that asthma is on the increase  one in 10 primary school children suffers from it .
the national asthma campaign says that asthma is on the [raise]  one in 10 primary school children suffers from it .

Civic disturbances increase , but prompted as much probably by impatience as anything else .
civic disturbances [raise] , but prompted as much probably by impatience as anything else .

During this same period the local police , courts and probation service were noting a rapid increase in offences involving the possession and supply of drugs and , more subtly , in the number of crimes involving offenders said to be or admitting to be heroin users .
during this same period the local police , courts and probation service were noting a rapid [raise] in offences involving the possession and supply of drugs and , more subtly , in the number of crimes involving offenders said to be or admitting to be heroin users .

However , since the Glasgow study began 18 months earlier than the Wirral survey , and since prevalence was estimated to be on the increase , it is possible that the rate of known opioid use in Glasgow exceeded that in Wirral by 19845 .
however , since the glasgow study began 18 months earlier than the wirral survey , and since prevalence was estimated to be on the [raise] , it is possible that the rate of known opioid use in glasgow exceeded that in wirral by 19845 .

Will the prevalence of heroin use increase , decline or become stable ?
will the prevalence of heroin use [raise] , decline or become stable ?

Strictly speaking ,  epidemic  refers to an increase in new cases of a contagious disease from a previously stable ,  endemic  level of new cases ( see , for example , Barker and Rose 1979 ) .
strictly speaking ,  epidemic  refers to an [raise] in new cases of a contagious disease from a previously stable ,  endemic  level of new cases ( see , for example , barker and rose 1979 ) .

However , we borrowed this term to describe the outbreak of heroin use in Wirral during the 1980s because of the epidemic-like characteristics of this phenomenon , such as its transmission through individual contact and the rapid increase in new users during the early part of the decade .
however , we borrowed this term to describe the outbreak of heroin use in wirral during the 1980s because of the epidemic-like characteristics of this phenomenon , such as its transmission through individual contact and the rapid [raise] in new users during the early part of the decade .

Nevertheless , we adopt the  epidemic  metaphor in this chapter not just as convenient shorthand for an increase in heroin use , but rather because of its pivotal role in a theoretical framework which allows projections of future trends to be constructed .
nevertheless , we adopt the  epidemic  metaphor in this chapter not just as convenient shorthand for an [raise] in heroin use , but rather because of its pivotal role in a theoretical framework which allows projections of future trends to be constructed .

First , our working model of the heroin  epidemic  maintains that prevalence ( all cases ) will increase if incidence ( new cases ) outstrips outcidence ( the number of individuals  coming off  heroin ) , and conversely that prevalence will decrease if the outcidence rate exceeds the incidence rate .
first , our working model of the heroin  epidemic  maintains that prevalence ( all cases ) will [raise] if incidence ( new cases ) outstrips outcidence ( the number of individuals  coming off  heroin ) , and conversely that prevalence will decrease if the outcidence rate exceeds the incidence rate .

Rather than speculate on this increase here , the reasons for female involvement in heroin use will be examined more fully in Chapter 4 .
rather than speculate on this [raise] here , the reasons for female involvement in heroin use will be examined more fully in chapter 4 .

Finally , up to one in five known heroin users had been injecting the drug during 19856 , a worrying increase on the previous year .
finally , up to one in five known heroin users had been injecting the drug during 19856 , a worrying [raise] on the previous year .

The second problem is that the complex multi-causal nature of drug use makes it difficult to identify what particular combinations of factors make people likely to use heroin , and changes in these causal variables could increase the size of the potential user population .
the second problem is that the complex multi-causal nature of drug use makes it difficult to identify what particular combinations of factors make people likely to use heroin , and changes in these causal variables could [raise] the size of the potential user population .

Consequently , if unemployment and poverty continue to spread into the Wirral population , we can expect a related increase in the number of potential heroin users ( cf .
consequently , if unemployment and poverty continue to spread into the wirral population , we can expect a related [raise] in the number of potential heroin users ( cf .

The holiday is extendible to suit your requirements , and to increase your flexibility even further you may return from a different airport in Switzerland .
the holiday is extendible to suit your requirements , and to [raise] your flexibility even further you may return from a different airport in switzerland .

Although this is an increase of 28 million over the figure for the previous year , Lord Hanson commented :  We believe the recession has reached its nadir , but its effects will be felt longer than most anticipated , probably for another 12 months .
although this is an [raise] of 28 million over the figure for the previous year , lord hanson commented :  we believe the recession has reached its nadir , but its effects will be felt longer than most anticipated , probably for another 12 months .

The actual price increase per pack could be as much as 70 cents because an extra goods and service tax of 6 cents will be added and the tobacco industry has increased the price per pack by 14 cents .
the actual price [raise] per pack could be as much as 70 cents because an extra goods and service tax of 6 cents will be added and the tobacco industry has increased the price per pack by 14 cents .

The model allows the viewer to apply the air pressure to a flooded tunnel , causing it to dewater , to increase the pressure and eventually exceed the head of water resulting in a  blow out  .
the model allows the viewer to apply the air pressure to a flooded tunnel , causing it to dewater , to [raise] the pressure and eventually exceed the head of water resulting in a  blow out  .

This absolute increase has also been reflected in an increase in the percentage of total population accounted for by those aged 65 + .
this absolute [raise] has also been reflected in an [raise] in the percentage of total population accounted for by those aged 65 + .

The population of Great Britain is increasing although the rate of increase is lower than at earlier times in our history .
the population of great britain is increasing although the rate of [raise] is lower than at earlier times in our history .

Current forecasts indicate , with the exception of a slight decrease around the turn of the millennium , that the population aged over 65 will continue to increase from 8.8 million in 1987 to 11.3 million in 2025 ( see Table 2.1 ) .
current forecasts indicate , with the exception of a slight decrease around the turn of the millennium , that the population aged over 65 will continue to [raise] from 8.8 million in 1987 to 11.3 million in 2025 ( see table 2.1 ) .

The number of people in the 65  74 age group is predicted to increase from 5.2 million in 1981 to 6 million by 2025 .
the number of people in the 65  74 age group is predicted to [raise] from 5.2 million in 1981 to 6 million by 2025 .

The largest proportionate increases are expected among those aged over 85 years : from 0.8 million ( 1987 ) to 1.4 million ( 2025 ) , an increase of 42 per cent .
the largest proportionate increases are expected among those aged over 85 years : from 0.8 million ( 1987 ) to 1.4 million ( 2025 ) , an [raise] of 42 per cent .

However , examination of the actual numerical increases indicate that the number aged 85 + will increase by about 800,000 .
however , examination of the actual numerical increases indicate that the number aged 85 + will [raise] by about 800,000 .

Scott and Johnson ( 1988 ) report that in 1980 8.5 per cent of the world 's population was aged 60 years or over ; by 2025 this is expected , if current trends persist , to increase to 13.7 per cent .
scott and johnson ( 1988 ) report that in 1980 8.5 per cent of the world 's population was aged 60 years or over ; by 2025 this is expected , if current trends persist , to [raise] to 13.7 per cent .

In 1980 the overall dependency ratio in Britain was 56.2 and it is predicted to increase to 56.7 by the year 2020 ( Table 2.4 ) .
in 1980 the overall dependency ratio in britain was 56.2 and it is predicted to [raise] to 56.7 by the year 2020 ( table 2.4 ) .

The increase in the elderly dependency ratio over the same period was from 23.2 to 25.5 ; a rate of increase considerably less than that likely to be experienced by many other developed countries .
the [raise] in the elderly dependency ratio over the same period was from 23.2 to 25.5 ; a rate of [raise] considerably less than that likely to be experienced by many other developed countries .

For example , the overall dependency ratio for Canada is projected to decrease by 3 per cent between 1980 and 2020 ; this masks a predicted 205 per cent increase in the gerontic ratio over the same period .
for example , the overall dependency ratio for canada is projected to decrease by 3 per cent between 1980 and 2020 ; this masks a predicted 205 per cent [raise] in the gerontic ratio over the same period .

Data from South Wales indicate that feelings of loneliness do seem to increase with age and are more common among women as compared with men .
data from south wales indicate that feelings of loneliness do seem to [raise] with age and are more common among women as compared with men .

There has been both an increase in the total number of households and a decrease in the average household size .
there has been both an [raise] in the total number of households and a decrease in the average household size .

Against this background of significant changes in household formation patterns it is hardly surprising that there has been an increase in the proportion and number of older people living alone ( Figure 2.9 ) .
against this background of significant changes in household formation patterns it is hardly surprising that there has been an [raise] in the proportion and number of older people living alone ( figure 2.9 ) .

This results in a shortening of the average duration of time in which families live as a nuclear group and an increase in the phase of the life cycle in which the couple live alone post-child rearing  the empty nest phase .
this results in a shortening of the average duration of time in which families live as a nuclear group and an [raise] in the phase of the life cycle in which the couple live alone post-child rearing  the empty nest phase .

The post-war period has seen an increase in labour force participation ( see Figure 2.13 ) .
the post-war period has seen an [raise] in labour force participation ( see figure 2.13 ) .

The percentage classed as home owners is projected to increase to 60 per cent by the year 2000 .
the percentage classed as home owners is projected to [raise] to 60 per cent by the year 2000 .

This will greatly increase mortality at the end of the natural lifespan creating an almost rectangular pattern of mortality ( see Figure 3.1 ) .
this will greatly [raise] mortality at the end of the natural lifespan creating an almost rectangular pattern of mortality ( see figure 3.1 ) .

This delay in the onset of chronic disease would increase the number of disability free years in old age which the average person would experience .
this delay in the onset of chronic disease would [raise] the number of disability free years in old age which the average person would experience .

This rather optimistic view would , therefore , suggest that an increase in the elderly population need not be problematic in health care terms as the population might not display as much morbidity as current cohorts .
this rather optimistic view would , therefore , suggest that an [raise] in the elderly population need not be problematic in health care terms as the population might not display as much morbidity as current cohorts .

He felt that the idea that the human lifespan could continue to increase was biologically implausible .
he felt that the idea that the human lifespan could continue to [raise] was biologically implausible .

Both forms of mortality death rates increase progressively with age and this reflects the pattern of incidence described by community studies .
both forms of mortality death rates [raise] progressively with age and this reflects the pattern of incidence described by community studies .

Although the prevalence of acute health problems does seem to increase somewhat with age only a minority of those aged 75 + report the presence of such a health problem .
although the prevalence of acute health problems does seem to [raise] somewhat with age only a minority of those aged 75 + report the presence of such a health problem .

The suggested increase in prevalence of morbidity with age is based in this case upon cross-sectional data .
the suggested [raise] in prevalence of morbidity with age is based in this case upon cross-sectional data .

( 1989 ) among others have demonstrated an age-related increase in morbidity .
( 1989 ) among others have demonstrated an age-related [raise] in morbidity .

The percentage of those aged 65 + reporting problems with these adl tasks does increase substantially with age irrespective of the task under review .
the percentage of those aged 65 + reporting problems with these adl tasks does [raise] substantially with age irrespective of the task under review .

However , it is clear that chronic health problems appear to increase with age .
however , it is clear that chronic health problems appear to [raise] with age .

The current scenario of an ageing population suggests that we can expect an increase in disability prevalence as the elderly population itself ages .
the current scenario of an ageing population suggests that we can expect an [raise] in disability prevalence as the elderly population itself ages .

This is because the prevalence of dementia seems to increase with age ( see below ) .
this is because the prevalence of dementia seems to [raise] with age ( see below ) .

Although the precise rates vary , there is a clear trend for dementia prevalence to increase with age ( see Figure 5.2 ) .
although the precise rates vary , there is a clear trend for dementia prevalence to [raise] with age ( see figure 5.2 ) .

Changes in mortality rates will result in either a decrease or increase in prevalence according to the direction of change in mortality .
changes in mortality rates will result in either a decrease or [raise] in prevalence according to the direction of change in mortality .

In future decades in Britain the relative number of elderly will increase .
in future decades in britain the relative number of elderly will [raise] .

The broad implication of this demographic change is that those diseases particularly associated with the elderly will increase in prominence .
the broad implication of this demographic change is that those diseases particularly associated with the elderly will [raise] in prominence .

Affective conditions such as depression do not seem to increase with age .
affective conditions such as depression do not seem to [raise] with age .

It might be expected that the percentage thinking that health had improved since their parents ' time would increase with age .
it might be expected that the percentage thinking that health had improved since their parents ' time would [raise] with age .

Although there is a marked decrease with age in the percentage rating their health as good this is not matched by an increase in the percentage classed as poor .
although there is a marked decrease with age in the percentage rating their health as good this is not matched by an [raise] in the percentage classed as poor .

The decrease in the percentage classed as good is matched by an increase in the percentage defined as fairly good .
the decrease in the percentage classed as good is matched by an [raise] in the percentage defined as fairly good .

So with increased age there is a switching of health rating from good to fairly good but no large increase in the percentage classing themselves as in poor health .
so with increased age there is a switching of health rating from good to fairly good but no large [raise] in the percentage classing themselves as in poor health .

Clearly there appears to have been a significant increase in activity across all age groups , but especially among the older age groups .
clearly there appears to have been a significant [raise] in activity across all age groups , but especially among the older age groups .

As with the use of acute beds there has been a significant increase in utilisation by older people during the years 1976  86 .
as with the use of acute beds there has been a significant [raise] in utilisation by older people during the years 1976  86 .

Routine visiting by a health visitor may increase the receipt of services by older people ( Vetter et al .
routine visiting by a health visitor may [raise] the receipt of services by older people ( vetter et al .

How such probably very extensive unmet need will be met without a substantial increase in resources remains to be seen .
how such probably very extensive unmet need will be met without a substantial [raise] in resources remains to be seen .

Utilization rates for both these services increase significantly with the age of older people .
utilization rates for both these services [raise] significantly with the age of older people .

This had resulted in a growth in the number of homes and a huge increase in the bill to the Exchequer .
this had resulted in a growth in the number of homes and a huge [raise] in the bill to the exchequer .

Clarifying the responsibilities of agencies to increase accountability .
clarifying the responsibilities of agencies to [raise] accountability .

This represents a 21.8 per cent increase in the numbers of elderly in residential care between 1980 and 1985 ( see Figure 8.3 ) .
this represents a 21.8 per cent [raise] in the numbers of elderly in residential care between 1980 and 1985 ( see figure 8.3 ) .

This increase was exclusively confined to the private sector which recorded a massive 115 per cent increase in the number accommodated .
this [raise] was exclusively confined to the private sector which recorded a massive 115 per cent [raise] in the number accommodated .

This increase in private care may reflect both the financial incentives to increase the number of places available and an increased demand for care brought about by an increasingly frail population and the decreased availability of domiciliary services .
this [raise] in private care may reflect both the financial incentives to [raise] the number of places available and an increased demand for care brought about by an increasingly frail population and the decreased availability of domiciliary services .

This in turn leads to a reaction on the part of the deviants which usually involves an increase in the frequency or intensity of the deviant acts .
this in turn leads to a reaction on the part of the deviants which usually involves an [raise] in the frequency or intensity of the deviant acts .

Societal reactions increase as a result and from then on the system feeds on itself .
societal reactions [raise] as a result and from then on the system feeds on itself .

She recorded in her diaries :  Diana looked very beautiful and very thin ( Her doctor wants her to increase her weight  she has no appetite . )
she recorded in her diaries :  diana looked very beautiful and very thin ( her doctor wants her to [raise] her weight  she has no appetite . )

The rapid increase in the number of firms engaging in more than one type of investment business and the blurring of demarcation lines ( for example , between brokers and jobbers ) have made it more important than ever that investors are adequately protected against abuses arising from conflicts of interest within investment businesses .
the rapid [raise] in the number of firms engaging in more than one type of investment business and the blurring of demarcation lines ( for example , between brokers and jobbers ) have made it more important than ever that investors are adequately protected against abuses arising from conflicts of interest within investment businesses .

To sum up then , according to the so-called unorthodox view , the company , or rather individuals on the conglomerate 's behalf , deals on either inside information acquired in the course of business about another company , for example , an investment banking client on the verge of announcing an increase in expected profits ; or on information  leaked  by one arm of the conglomerate about a long or short position it has taken as market maker on specific shares and which it would like to off-load into the accounts of customers in the conglomerate 's fund management arm .
to sum up then , according to the so-called unorthodox view , the company , or rather individuals on the conglomerate 's behalf , deals on either inside information acquired in the course of business about another company , for example , an investment banking client on the verge of announcing an [raise] in expected profits ; or on information  leaked  by one arm of the conglomerate about a long or short position it has taken as market maker on specific shares and which it would like to off-load into the accounts of customers in the conglomerate 's fund management arm .

The result could mean an increase in the cost of capital for public corporations generally .
the result could mean an [raise] in the cost of capital for public corporations generally .

The best that can be said for Manne 's argument is that as the risks of insider dealing increase ,  not trading  trading may become more popular .
the best that can be said for manne 's argument is that as the risks of insider dealing [raise] ,  not trading  trading may become more popular .

An example of corporate information might be where the company itself is about to announce an increase in profits , or , a take-over bid .
an example of corporate information might be where the company itself is about to announce an [raise] in profits , or , a take-over bid .

The Committee intends through the broadening of controlling person civil penalty liability to increase the economic incentives for such persons to supervise vigorously their employees .
the committee intends through the broadening of controlling person civil penalty liability to [raise] the economic incentives for such persons to supervise vigorously their employees .

To increase your flexibility and choice , Citalia has expanded its range of flights to now offer London Gatwick to Alghero , Manchester to Verona , Bristol to Naples and Stanstead to Florence .
to [raise] your flexibility and choice , citalia has expanded its range of flights to now offer london gatwick to alghero , manchester to verona , bristol to naples and stanstead to florence .

The tests would enable identification ( with varying certainty ) of patients who might respond to treatment and increase their survival .
the tests would enable identification ( with varying certainty ) of patients who might respond to treatment and [raise] their survival .

Detailed information did not increase patient anxiety ( mean Spielberger score at baseline 33.7 ( 95 % confidence interval 31.3 to 36.2 ) , after information 34.8 ( 32.1 to 37.5 ) ; p=0.20 , paired t test ) .
detailed information did not [raise] patient anxiety ( mean spielberger score at baseline 33.7 ( 95 % confidence interval 31.3 to 36.2 ) , after information 34.8 ( 32.1 to 37.5 ) ; p=0.20 , paired t test ) .

In men undergoing elective inguinal hernia repair a very detailed account of what might go wrong does not increase patient anxiety significantly and has the advantage of allowing patients a fully informed choice before they consent to surgery , thus reducing the potential for subsequent litigation .
in men undergoing elective inguinal hernia repair a very detailed account of what might go wrong does not [raise] patient anxiety significantly and has the advantage of allowing patients a fully informed choice before they consent to surgery , thus reducing the potential for subsequent litigation .

The major feedback loops are stimulation of insulin secretion by glucose and reduction of hepatic glucose output and increase in uptake of glucose into muscles by insulin .
the major feedback loops are stimulation of insulin secretion by glucose and reduction of hepatic glucose output and [raise] in uptake of glucose into muscles by insulin .

The non-insulin dependent diabetic offspring had a considerably reduced  cell function , even though 13 of these subjects were taking sulphonylureas , which increase  cell function about twofold .
the non-insulin dependent diabetic offspring had a considerably reduced  cell function , even though 13 of these subjects were taking sulphonylureas , which [raise]  cell function about twofold .

The proportion of unnecessary operations decreased with increasing time between presentation and operation with no increase in the proportion of complicated appendicitis .
the proportion of unnecessary operations decreased with increasing time between presentation and operation with no [raise] in the proportion of complicated appendicitis .

Flexible contracting will increase accountability to management and make management sensitive to the needs of patients .
flexible contracting will [raise] accountability to management and make management sensitive to the needs of patients .

It entails a testing session to find the end point ( the first dilution of the extract that does not cause the wheal to increase in the 10 minutes after intradermal injection ) followed by prophylactic use of that dilution .
it entails a testing session to find the end point ( the first dilution of the extract that does not cause the wheal to [raise] in the 10 minutes after intradermal injection ) followed by prophylactic use of that dilution .

Fuel load also increases from 40 to 50 gallons , some of which is needed by the larger engine , but this does increase range to 560 nautical miles , respectable for a touring aircraft .
fuel load also increases from 40 to 50 gallons , some of which is needed by the larger engine , but this does [raise] range to 560 nautical miles , respectable for a touring aircraft .

An extra 10 hp a side may not be a mind-blowing power increase but it does represent 330,000 foot lbs per minute and , at its increased maximum weight of 3800 lbs , the new model would , with one engine out , climb at 180 ft/min , or almost 300 ft/min at lighter weights .
an extra 10 hp a side may not be a mind-blowing power [raise] but it does represent 330,000 foot lbs per minute and , at its increased maximum weight of 3800 lbs , the new model would , with one engine out , climb at 180 ft/min , or almost 300 ft/min at lighter weights .

When the turbine is spinning at 10 % you increase fuel to one third .
when the turbine is spinning at 10 % you [raise] fuel to one third .

You then gradually increase the fuel supply and warning lights go out , needles move into the green and you end up with the fuel control in the Flight position in its gate .
you then gradually [raise] the fuel supply and warning lights go out , needles move into the green and you end up with the fuel control in the flight position in its gate .

If you learned to fly on an American machine , you will expect to apply a little left foot as you raise the collective and increase the power .
if you learned to fly on an american machine , you will expect to apply a little left foot as you raise the collective and [raise] the power .

Start at 9001000 rpm and , once the needle comes off the peg , slowly increase the revs to about 1500 rpm .
start at 9001000 rpm and , once the needle comes off the peg , slowly [raise] the revs to about 1500 rpm .

if you want to increase the insulation provided naturally by the cladding , place glass fibre blanket or similar insulation in the space between the battens
if you want to [raise] the insulation provided naturally by the cladding , place glass fibre blanket or similar insulation in the space between the battens

An extra 1 % on a 40,000 loan would increase your payments by some 33.50 a month .
an extra 1 % on a 40,000 loan would [raise] your payments by some 33.50 a month .

but some multiply and flower freely , and your investment will increase each year .
but some multiply and flower freely , and your investment will [raise] each year .

As well as emptying the prostatic ducts , orgasm also leads to temporary increase in the blood supply to the prostate , which can lead to a flushing out of the infecting organism .
as well as emptying the prostatic ducts , orgasm also leads to temporary [raise] in the blood supply to the prostate , which can lead to a flushing out of the infecting organism .

Not only does yoga calm , tone and vitalize both body and mind , it can increase your brain power , according to recently published research in America .
not only does yoga calm , tone and vitalize both body and mind , it can [raise] your brain power , according to recently published research in america .

In this situation capital inflows should increase and capital outflows decrease because buying the domestic currency now would provide capital account transactors with a potential capital gain .
in this situation capital inflows should [raise] and capital outflows decrease because buying the domestic currency now would provide capital account transactors with a potential capital gain .

If a country was facing a payments deficit , then short-term capital outflows would tend to increase because of the potential capital gains accruing to holders if that country devalued its currency .
if a country was facing a payments deficit , then short-term capital outflows would tend to [raise] because of the potential capital gains accruing to holders if that country devalued its currency .

There was a revaluation of most major currencies against the dollar , notably a 13.5 per cent increase in the value of the Deutschmark and a 17 per cent increase in the value of the yen .
there was a revaluation of most major currencies against the dollar , notably a 13.5 per cent [raise] in the value of the deutschmark and a 17 per cent [raise] in the value of the yen .

The tendency for international capital flows to increase has been evident for some time , and was causing problems for central bank intervention in the final years of the Bretton Woods system .
the tendency for international capital flows to [raise] has been evident for some time , and was causing problems for central bank intervention in the final years of the bretton woods system .

Total debt too continued to increase from $ 633 billion in 1980 to $ 1,217 billion in 1987 , of which about 40 per cent was owed by the fifteen heavily indebted countries .
total debt too continued to [raise] from $ 633 billion in 1980 to $ 1,217 billion in 1987 , of which about 40 per cent was owed by the fifteen heavily indebted countries .

who are enga-ged on building the motorway , and so the first-round effect will be an equivalent increase in national income of 100 million ( remember , income must equal expenditure ) .
who are enga-ged on building the motorway , and so the first-round effect will be an equivalent [raise] in national income of 100 million ( remember , income must equal expenditure ) .

The second-round effect of the increased government expenditure will be a further increase in national income of 40 million .
the second-round effect of the increased government expenditure will be a further [raise] in national income of 40 million .

The third-round effect of the increase in government expenditure will be a further increase of 16 million in national income .
the third-round effect of the [raise] in government expenditure will be a further [raise] of 16 million in national income .

The following increases in national income will take place after the initial increase in government expenditure of 100 million : 100 million , 40 million , 16 million , 6.4 million , 2.56 million , and so on .
the following increases in national income will take place after the initial [raise] in government expenditure of 100 million : 100 million , 40 million , 16 million , 6.4 million , 2.56 million , and so on .

An increase or decrease in government spending will stimulate or contract national income by an amount given by the value of the multiplier .
an [raise] or decrease in government spending will stimulate or contract national income by an amount given by the value of the multiplier .

An increase in exports would be particularly beneficial in that the balance of payments would improve and at the same time national income will rise by an amount greater than the initial increase in exports .
an [raise] in exports would be particularly beneficial in that the balance of payments would improve and at the same time national income will rise by an amount greater than the initial [raise] in exports .

If we retain the assumption that leakages constitute 60 per cent of additional income , then a multiplier of 1.67 would apply to the increase in exports .
if we retain the assumption that leakages constitute 60 per cent of additional income , then a multiplier of 1.67 would apply to the [raise] in exports .

If an increase in national income is the result of an increase in the quantity of goods and services produced , then we would expect the level of employment to rise as more people are employed in the production of additional output .
if an [raise] in national income is the result of an [raise] in the quantity of goods and services produced , then we would expect the level of employment to rise as more people are employed in the production of additional output .

But when governments expand aggregate demand in an attempt to secure the employment objective , there is a danger that the extra spending will increase prices rather than output .
but when governments expand aggregate demand in an attempt to secure the employment objective , there is a danger that the extra spending will [raise] prices rather than output .

In theory it is conceivable for any increase in aggregate demand to raise output and employment levels as long as full employment of the labour force has not been reached .
in theory it is conceivable for any [raise] in aggregate demand to raise output and employment levels as long as full employment of the labour force has not been reached .

High rate of growth The rate of growth is a measure of the increase in output over a period of time .
high rate of growth the rate of growth is a measure of the [raise] in output over a period of time .

Over such periods high growth rates , and rapid improvements in living standards , are dependent upon an increase in productive capacity rather than on temporary changes in the level of demand .
over such periods high growth rates , and rapid improvements in living standards , are dependent upon an [raise] in productive capacity rather than on temporary changes in the level of demand .

Secondly , when governments spend in excess of taxation receipts the budget deficit incurred will be reduced as income levels rise and taxation receipts subsequently increase .
secondly , when governments spend in excess of taxation receipts the budget deficit incurred will be reduced as income levels rise and taxation receipts subsequently [raise] .

Thus part of the expense of an increase in government expenditure will be met by additional taxation receipts as national income and expenditure rise to higher levels than previously .
thus part of the expense of an [raise] in government expenditure will be met by additional taxation receipts as national income and expenditure rise to higher levels than previously .

What , then , are the implications of an increase in the money supply according to the Keynesian view of the demand for money ?
what , then , are the implications of an [raise] in the money supply according to the keynesian view of the demand for money ?

Since the  Keynesian  sees no reason to expect money incomes to be directly affected by the increase in the money supply , we can assume that the transactions and precautionary demands remain unchanged at first .
since the  keynesian  sees no reason to expect money incomes to be directly affected by the [raise] in the money supply , we can assume that the transactions and precautionary demands remain unchanged at first .

Consequently the first effect of an increase in the money supply is expected to be a decrease in interest rates .
consequently the first effect of an [raise] in the money supply is expected to be a decrease in interest rates .

Of course market expectations may constrain the movements in interest rates since any increase in the money supply could simply be absorbed into speculative balances if the general opinion is that the price of financial assets will fall in the near future .
of course market expectations may constrain the movements in interest rates since any [raise] in the money supply could simply be absorbed into speculative balances if the general opinion is that the price of financial assets will fall in the near future .

But , apart from this possibility , an increase in the money supply should lead to a fall in interest rates , other things being equal .
but , apart from this possibility , an [raise] in the money supply should lead to a fall in interest rates , other things being equal .

Monetarist theory argues that the two lines on the graph should more or less coincide over long periods , showing that any increase in the money stock in excess of that needed to finance real output growth will be dissipated in price rises .
monetarist theory argues that the two lines on the graph should more or less coincide over long periods , showing that any [raise] in the money stock in excess of that needed to finance real output growth will be dissipated in price rises .

We have already established the Keynesian view that an increase in the money supply will lead to the purchase of financial assets .
we have already established the keynesian view that an [raise] in the money supply will lead to the purchase of financial assets .

Further , these purchases are expected to lead to an increase in the price of financial assets and a fall in their yields ( i.e .
further , these purchases are expected to lead to an [raise] in the price of financial assets and a fall in their yields ( i.e .

However , this process now needs to be spelled out a little more clearly if we are to gain insight into the effectiveness of the increase in money supply on the level of interest rates .
however , this process now needs to be spelled out a little more clearly if we are to gain insight into the effectiveness of the [raise] in money supply on the level of interest rates .

Therefore any adjustment which comes about as a result of an increase in the money supply will probably take place first of all through purchases of short-term , highly liquid financial assets such as Treasury bills and bank bills .
therefore any adjustment which comes about as a result of an [raise] in the money supply will probably take place first of all through purchases of short-term , highly liquid financial assets such as treasury bills and bank bills .

Rational behaviour would dictate that substitution of short-dated bonds for the relatively less attractive bills will now take place , and so the price of these bonds will begin to rise as investors increase their demand for them and the yield on these assets will begin to decline .
rational behaviour would dictate that substitution of short-dated bonds for the relatively less attractive bills will now take place , and so the price of these bonds will begin to rise as investors [raise] their demand for them and the yield on these assets will begin to decline .

The Keynesian view would emphasize that the original increase in the quantity of money will have a ripple effect spreading through the whole financial market until eventually even the less liquid financial assets such as equities are affected .
the keynesian view would emphasize that the original [raise] in the quantity of money will have a ripple effect spreading through the whole financial market until eventually even the less liquid financial assets such as equities are affected .

But precisely because the effect is dispersed through the whole market the Keynesian argues that , unless there is a massive increase in the money supply , the impact on interest rates in general may be relatively small .
but precisely because the effect is dispersed through the whole market the keynesian argues that , unless there is a massive [raise] in the money supply , the impact on interest rates in general may be relatively small .

The Keynesian concludes , therefore , that an increase in the money supply would not have a marked effect on economic activity since : ( a ) the money supply only influences economic activity indirectly via interest rates , and the latter may not be significantly affected anyway because all parts of the financial market bear the burden of adjustment ; and ( b ) investment expenditures may not be very sensitive to changes in interest rates .
the keynesian concludes , therefore , that an [raise] in the money supply would not have a marked effect on economic activity since : ( a ) the money supply only influences economic activity indirectly via interest rates , and the latter may not be significantly affected anyway because all parts of the financial market bear the burden of adjustment ; and ( b ) investment expenditures may not be very sensitive to changes in interest rates .

The assumption that money is a substitute for all assets , both real and financial , leads the monetarists to conclude that an increase in the money supply brings about directly an increase in prices as a consequence of increased purchases of all types of assets .
the assumption that money is a substitute for all assets , both real and financial , leads the monetarists to conclude that an [raise] in the money supply brings about directly an [raise] in prices as a consequence of increased purchases of all types of assets .

Professor Kaldor has pointed out that an increase in the note issue precedes the Christmas spending spree , to facilitate the extra demand for transactions balances , but the absence of such an increase would not prevent the spending boom .
professor kaldor has pointed out that an [raise] in the note issue precedes the christmas spending spree , to facilitate the extra demand for transactions balances , but the absence of such an [raise] would not prevent the spending boom .

The Keynesians argue that money is a close substitute for financial assets , so they see an increase in the money supply resulting in an increase in the price of financial assets and a fall in the yield received .
the keynesians argue that money is a close substitute for financial assets , so they see an [raise] in the money supply resulting in an [raise] in the price of financial assets and a fall in the yield received .

In contrast , the monetarists argue that money is a substitute for all assets , so they see an increase in the money supply resulting in an increase in prices in general , not just in the price of financial assets .
in contrast , the monetarists argue that money is a substitute for all assets , so they see an [raise] in the money supply resulting in an [raise] in prices in general , not just in the price of financial assets .

The Keynesian then considers the implications in terms of the income  expenditure model of Chapter 10 , with any increase in investment bringing about a magnified increase in national income through the workings of the multiplier .
the keynesian then considers the implications in terms of the income  expenditure model of chapter 10 , with any [raise] in investment bringing about a magnified [raise] in national income through the workings of the multiplier .

Furthermore , a higher level of demand will probably result in an increase in the value of imports , implying that the balance of payments objective may also conflict with the employment objective .
furthermore , a higher level of demand will probably result in an [raise] in the value of imports , implying that the balance of payments objective may also conflict with the employment objective .

 Similarly , after the implementation of the allowances , the Cooperative Women 's Guild , an organisation of working-class women within the Cooperative Movement which had originally been among the strongest supporters of the campaign for family allowances ( Lewis , 1980 ) , defeated a resolution calling for an increase in the amount of the allowance at their annual Congress in 1951 ( Gaffin and Thoms , 1983 , p. 161 ) .
 similarly , after the implementation of the allowances , the cooperative women 's guild , an organisation of working-class women within the cooperative movement which had originally been among the strongest supporters of the campaign for family allowances ( lewis , 1980 ) , defeated a resolution calling for an [raise] in the amount of the allowance at their annual congress in 1951 ( gaffin and thoms , 1983 , p. 161 ) .

After November 1919 , therefore , all the unemployed except the ex-servicemen lost their dependants ' benefits and this loss was not offset by the slight increase in the basic unemployment benefit rate made in December that year .
after november 1919 , therefore , all the unemployed except the ex-servicemen lost their dependants ' benefits and this loss was not offset by the slight [raise] in the basic unemployment benefit rate made in december that year .

In his budget speech Neville Chamberlain had justified a 10 increase in the tax allowance for second and subsequent children by saying that he saw a time not too far distant  when countries of the British Empire will be crying out for more citizens of the right breed , and when we in this country shall not be able to supply the demand .
in his budget speech neville chamberlain had justified a 10 [raise] in the tax allowance for second and subsequent children by saying that he saw a time not too far distant  when countries of the british empire will be crying out for more citizens of the right breed , and when we in this country shall not be able to supply the demand .

This was an anxiety about the steady increase of fertility down the social scale .
this was an anxiety about the steady [raise] of fertility down the social scale .

By the end of the 1930s , sociologists and demographers could forcefully press the need to increase the birth rate among the working classes as well ( Glass , 1936 ) .
by the end of the 1930s , sociologists and demographers could forcefully press the need to [raise] the birth rate among the working classes as well ( glass , 1936 ) .

By 1938 the Unemployment Insurance Statutory Committee ad-mitted that it could not increase dependants ' benefits without pushing the level of unemployment benefit for the family man above the level of many workers earnings .
by 1938 the unemployment insurance statutory committee ad-mitted that it could not [raise] dependants ' benefits without pushing the level of unemployment benefit for the family man above the level of many workers earnings .

In its annual report of 1938 the Committee stated that  the existing scale of benefits can not be regarded as so fully meeting needs as to make it undesirable to raise them further  and continued ,  if  the wage system made allowance for dependency , the main objection to further increase in the rates of benefit would be removed  ( Quoted in Green , 1938 ) .
in its annual report of 1938 the committee stated that  the existing scale of benefits can not be regarded as so fully meeting needs as to make it undesirable to raise them further  and continued ,  if  the wage system made allowance for dependency , the main objection to further [raise] in the rates of benefit would be removed  ( quoted in green , 1938 ) .

The answer to this dreadful conundrum , for both Donnison and Fairbairns , is to elevate the central issue of women 's dependants and to increase benefits for them such that , where women do have dependants  be they very young or very old  women also have a considerable income .
the answer to this dreadful conundrum , for both donnison and fairbairns , is to elevate the central issue of women 's dependants and to [raise] benefits for them such that , where women do have dependants  be they very young or very old  women also have a considerable income .

Thus , as Austerberry and Watson point out , government 's efforts to increase the proportion of owner occupied housing in this country has the unintended consequence of profoundly affecting the property rights of women , particularly when marriage ends .
thus , as austerberry and watson point out , government 's efforts to [raise] the proportion of owner occupied housing in this country has the unintended consequence of profoundly affecting the property rights of women , particularly when marriage ends .

As can be seen in Table 1 , throughout this century there has been a large decline in private renting , and a corresponding increase in owner-occupation and council housing , which began to get under way after the First World War .
as can be seen in table 1 , throughout this century there has been a large decline in private renting , and a corresponding [raise] in owner-occupation and council housing , which began to get under way after the first world war .

Therefore she tends to become more competitive and her commodity consumption tends to increase .
therefore she tends to become more competitive and her commodity consumption tends to [raise] .

It could be argued that the increase in home ownership facilitates this tendency .
it could be argued that the [raise] in home ownership facilitates this tendency .

For any real change to take place , therefore , there has to be a massive increase in government expenditure on public housing , so that this sector can be greatly extended .
for any real change to take place , therefore , there has to be a massive [raise] in government expenditure on public housing , so that this sector can be greatly extended .

Similarly , social policy continued to emphasise the importance of motherhood and the family , even though women had begun to enter production industry in large numbers during the war , and despite a post-war increase in the numbers of married women doing paid work .
similarly , social policy continued to emphasise the importance of motherhood and the family , even though women had begun to enter production industry in large numbers during the war , and despite a post-war [raise] in the numbers of married women doing paid work .

As human civilization grows and develops , it does not lead to an increase in human happiness , as utilitarianism would lead us to expect .
as human civilization grows and develops , it does not lead to an [raise] in human happiness , as utilitarianism would lead us to expect .

If sexual satisfaction is obtained , there will be some reduction in sexual over-valuation for a time , but where there is no sexual activity , then the over-valuation can increase , and the functions of the ego ideal cease to operate .
if sexual satisfaction is obtained , there will be some reduction in sexual over-valuation for a time , but where there is no sexual activity , then the over-valuation can [raise] , and the functions of the ego ideal cease to operate .

i Cigarette smoking is believed to reduce fertility and to increase the frequency of abortion of chromosomally normal foetuses .
i cigarette smoking is believed to reduce fertility and to [raise] the frequency of abortion of chromosomally normal foetuses .

Despite the increase in knowledge of the health effects of smoking , many female smokers continue to smoke .
despite the [raise] in knowledge of the health effects of smoking , many female smokers continue to smoke .

The authors conclude that it is more likely that many other factors should also be included in the analysis such as motivation , nicotine dependence , personality type , self-efficacy , therapeutic support , etc , which act together in a complex way and would substantially increase the explained variance of smoking cessation .
the authors conclude that it is more likely that many other factors should also be included in the analysis such as motivation , nicotine dependence , personality type , self-efficacy , therapeutic support , etc , which act together in a complex way and would substantially [raise] the explained variance of smoking cessation .

Excise tax data showed a 4 percent increase in smoking in 1990 , and household surveys carried out by the Health Department confirmed the increase .
excise tax data showed a 4 percent [raise] in smoking in 1990 , and household surveys carried out by the health department confirmed the [raise] .

Professor claims number of people with disease is on the increase
professor claims number of people with disease is on the [raise]

It was necessary to increase charges and most people were even willing to pay a little more .
it was necessary to [raise] charges and most people were even willing to pay a little more .

This change arose from a realization that war provided opportunities for the nobles not only to increase their honour and their prestige but also to enrich themselves .
this change arose from a realization that war provided opportunities for the nobles not only to [raise] their honour and their prestige but also to enrich themselves .

In 1336 , as on earlier occasions , a tax of 20s a sack had been agreed by an assembly of merchants , and in 1338 the merchants agreed to increase it to 40s .
in 1336 , as on earlier occasions , a tax of 20s a sack had been agreed by an assembly of merchants , and in 1338 the merchants agreed to [raise] it to 40s .

Poisonings are on the increase , with 64,000 cases reported nationally last year .
poisonings are on the [raise] , with 64,000 cases reported nationally last year .

Mr Smith 's motion , which he will put before the council as soon as possible , says this will increase the weekly bills of all households , but will particularly affect pensioners and others on low incomes .
mr smith 's motion , which he will put before the council as soon as possible , says this will [raise] the weekly bills of all households , but will particularly affect pensioners and others on low incomes .

There will instead be an increase in the number of outside directors .
there will instead be an [raise] in the number of outside directors .

At present 342 schools have taken this course , but the Department of Education has reported a sevenfold increase in parental ballots since the equivalent period last year .
at present 342 schools have taken this course , but the department of education has reported a sevenfold [raise] in parental ballots since the equivalent period last year .

As far as resources are concerned , an additional 523m has been announced by the government for expenditure on education in 199394 , an increase of 6 % .
as far as resources are concerned , an additional 523m has been announced by the government for expenditure on education in 199394 , an [raise] of 6 % .

Much of this may not find its way into local authority budgets , as a dramatic increase in students in further education of 222,000 ( 25 % ) is signalled over the next three years .
much of this may not find its way into local authority budgets , as a dramatic [raise] in students in further education of 222,000 ( 25 % ) is signalled over the next three years .

Funding will obviously not increase pro rata , but the influx of such a large number of students will clearly mean a demand for more books .
funding will obviously not [raise] pro rata , but the influx of such a large number of students will clearly mean a demand for more books .

Although actual passenger numbers on international scheduled services rose 4 per cent during the month , this was well down on the 11 pc increase for January .
although actual passenger numbers on international scheduled services rose 4 per cent during the month , this was well down on the 11 pc [raise] for january .

The 4 pc compared with the 7 pc increase in the number of seats supplied , said the International Air Transport Association .
the 4 pc compared with the 7 pc [raise] in the number of seats supplied , said the international air transport association .

Only three of 419 English authorities have in my opinion set budgets which are excessive or represent an excessive year on year increase .
only three of 419 english authorities have in my opinion set budgets which are excessive or represent an excessive year on year [raise] .

Limits on tanker size , Shell says , will lead to an increase in the number of tankers and hence the chance of an accident .
limits on tanker size , shell says , will lead to an [raise] in the number of tankers and hence the chance of an accident .

He added :  We hope it will also increase the detection rate .
he added :  we hope it will also [raise] the detection rate .

Central to the manifesto is the party 's commitments to increase education provision and halt what it sees as the erosion of social services in the county .
central to the manifesto is the party 's commitments to [raise] education provision and halt what it sees as the erosion of social services in the county .

The Government is looking to increase student numbers by 25 per cent over the next three years . But with many colleges already concerned at lack of accommodation and teaching space , insufficient resources and the prospect of funding by results , will it achieve its aims ? Will independence bring more opportunities for adults and mature students , a wider range of vocational courses and a higher staying-on rate or will it mean more competition , cuts in expensive courses and no overall structure to educational provision from 1119 ?
the government is looking to [raise] student numbers by 25 per cent over the next three years . but with many colleges already concerned at lack of accommodation and teaching space , insufficient resources and the prospect of funding by results , will it achieve its aims ? will independence bring more opportunities for adults and mature students , a wider range of vocational courses and a higher staying-on rate or will it mean more competition , cuts in expensive courses and no overall structure to educational provision from 1119 ?

The parish council is very worried when the controversial barrier opens later this year problems in the village , already vulnerable to flooding , will increase as the water turned away from the shut gates will have nowhere else to go .
the parish council is very worried when the controversial barrier opens later this year problems in the village , already vulnerable to flooding , will [raise] as the water turned away from the shut gates will have nowhere else to go .

Producing a list of 132 people he said had been murdered in Britain since the beginning of the year , Mr Manwaring blamed the increase in crime on  no bloody deterrent  .
producing a list of 132 people he said had been murdered in britain since the beginning of the year , mr manwaring blamed the [raise] in crime on  no bloody deterrent  .

The current governor ran into a storm when it was revealed he had received a 17% pay increase in 1991 .
the current governor ran into a storm when it was revealed he had received a 17% pay [raise] in 1991 .

 There has been a continuing increase in the number of night calls .
 there has been a continuing [raise] in the number of night calls .

Mute swans showed a steady increase to total 79 with up to 12 nests , four of these bests being sited in almost strategic positions , with one in each corner just off the Layer-de-la-Haye causeway .
mute swans showed a steady [raise] to total 79 with up to 12 nests , four of these bests being sited in almost strategic positions , with one in each corner just off the layer-de-la-haye causeway .

The massive increase of employment among married women in peacetime has changed the culture we all inhabit and the legal rights of women .
the massive [raise] of employment among married women in peacetime has changed the culture we all inhabit and the legal rights of women .

On sales of 524 million ( an increase of 47m on last year ) , Scottish Nuclear 's net profit increased to 66 million , almost five times the 1991  92 figure of 14 million .
on sales of 524 million ( an [raise] of 47m on last year ) , scottish nuclear 's net profit increased to 66 million , almost five times the 1991  92 figure of 14 million .

 Lower inflation and interest rates also contributed to this year 's increase in profit .
 lower inflation and interest rates also contributed to this year 's [raise] in profit .

 We intend to continue to increase output and drive our unit costs down to a level at which they are competitive with other sources of electricity generations . 
 we intend to continue to [raise] output and drive our unit costs down to a level at which they are competitive with other sources of electricity generations . 

Obviously is we can increase the productivity of our own staff by better planning and systems , then we must ,  and then we would n't need to employ so many outsiders .
obviously is we can [raise] the productivity of our own staff by better planning and systems , then we must ,  and then we would n't need to employ so many outsiders .

 The aim was to increase knowledge of foreign countries among Americans and increase friendships .
 the aim was to [raise] knowledge of foreign countries among americans and [raise] friendships .

Phase in your sunbathing gradually , starting with just one hour the first day , and increase your tanning time by perhaps an hour a day .
phase in your sunbathing gradually , starting with just one hour the first day , and [raise] your tanning time by perhaps an hour a day .

Installation of the handrail will increase the safety for Health Physics staff carrying out surveys and for maintenance staff who have to work on the roof from time to time .
installation of the handrail will [raise] the safety for health physics staff carrying out surveys and for maintenance staff who have to work on the roof from time to time .

Although you can protect your 60% no claim bonus your premium may increase if you make claims or you receive motoring convictions .
although you can protect your 60% no claim bonus your premium may [raise] if you make claims or you receive motoring convictions .

Although you can protect your 60% no claim bonus your premium may increase if you make claims or you receive motoring convictions .
although you can protect your 60% no claim bonus your premium may [raise] if you make claims or you receive motoring convictions .

Although you can protect your 60% no claim bonus your premium may increase if you make claims or you receive motoring convictions .
although you can protect your 60% no claim bonus your premium may [raise] if you make claims or you receive motoring convictions .

Although you can protect your 60% no claim bonus your premium may increase if you make claims or you receive motoring convictions .
although you can protect your 60% no claim bonus your premium may [raise] if you make claims or you receive motoring convictions .

The pace of actuarial involvement in general insurance continues to increase as shown by the demand for a growing number of actuaries to specialise in this area .
the pace of actuarial involvement in general insurance continues to [raise] as shown by the demand for a growing number of actuaries to specialise in this area .

The Plan warns , however , that the inflation rate of book and manuscript prices continues to outpace the general rate of inflation and this year 's increase in Purchase Grant .
the plan warns , however , that the inflation rate of book and manuscript prices continues to outpace the general rate of inflation and this year 's [raise] in purchase grant .

An increase of 18 % brings the number of 3-year tickets issued to 3,319 , and a very substantial increase of 30 % brings the issue of l-year undergraduate tickets to 1,595 .
an [raise] of 18 % brings the number of 3-year tickets issued to 3,319 , and a very substantial [raise] of 30 % brings the issue of l-year undergraduate tickets to 1,595 .

Publicity for the Exchange has been increased during the year , and a small , but significant , increase in use has been noted .
publicity for the exchange has been increased during the year , and a small , but significant , [raise] in use has been noted .

There was also a marked increase in the number of letter enquiries concerning maps , with a rise from 747 in 198990 to 830 .
there was also a marked [raise] in the number of letter enquiries concerning maps , with a rise from 747 in 198990 to 830 .

The number of readers of pre-1701 printed books , and books in Special Collections , has continued to show a small increase over the year , in line with similar steady , but undramatic , increases over recent years .
the number of readers of pre-1701 printed books , and books in special collections , has continued to show a small [raise] over the year , in line with similar steady , but undramatic , increases over recent years .

About 6 years ago we therefore set out to raise the image of Washroom with the hope of protecting our customer base in difficult times and to generally increase sales .
about 6 years ago we therefore set out to raise the image of washroom with the hope of protecting our customer base in difficult times and to generally [raise] sales .

Geoff Fear , Supervisor from Pest Control in Chester has succeeded where others failed by securing a significant price increase from a large bakery in Northwich .
geoff fear , supervisor from pest control in chester has succeeded where others failed by securing a significant price [raise] from a large bakery in northwich .

Sales on credit amounted to 660,000 which represented an increase of 10% on the previous year .
sales on credit amounted to 660,000 which represented an [raise] of 10% on the previous year .

Despite this diversion the board grew significantly showing an overall increase in income of 20 % this year .
despite this diversion the board grew significantly showing an overall [raise] in income of 20 % this year .

As communications and travel continue to increase ; the transportability of qualifications , particularly in employment , becomes more important .
as communications and travel continue to [raise] ; the transportability of qualifications , particularly in employment , becomes more important .

Funding for training activities continued to be tight but Enterprise Training through its concentration on quality and output achieved an increase in revenue during the year .
funding for training activities continued to be tight but enterprise training through its concentration on quality and output achieved an [raise] in revenue during the year .

Also initiatives were taken to increase the Board 's influence in South America , particularly in English Language , which has resulted in significant growth in this market .
also initiatives were taken to [raise] the board 's influence in south america , particularly in english language , which has resulted in significant growth in this market .

We will also increase investment in development and management to ensure we can continue to deliver awards that are recognised internationally for their practical focus on the workplace .
we will also [raise] investment in development and management to ensure we can continue to deliver awards that are recognised internationally for their practical focus on the workplace .

Building on solid foundations it is extremely encouraging to report that last year we saw a dramatic increase in the numbers of candidate entries .
building on solid foundations it is extremely encouraging to report that last year we saw a dramatic [raise] in the numbers of candidate entries .

This decision will not affect any of the other Group Secretarial awards for which we have seen an overall increase in demand internationally .
this decision will not affect any of the other group secretarial awards for which we have seen an overall [raise] in demand internationally .

Astrid told BPXpress :  The target increase in recoverable oil and gas reserves is equivalent to four new Ula and Gyda fields ! Through increased understanding of the reservoirs and the application of new , advanced technology , we shall be able to enhance production and the recovery factor . 
astrid told bpxpress :  the target [raise] in recoverable oil and gas reserves is equivalent to four new ula and gyda fields ! through increased understanding of the reservoirs and the application of new , advanced technology , we shall be able to enhance production and the recovery factor . 

Two hydrocyclone separators are to be installed on the Gyda platform next year to more than double the installation 's water handling capacity to 35,000 barrels a day in readiness for an anticipated increase in produced water from the reservoir .
two hydrocyclone separators are to be installed on the gyda platform next year to more than double the installation 's water handling capacity to 35,000 barrels a day in readiness for an anticipated [raise] in produced water from the reservoir .

The increase in submissions is fairly uniform across all subject areas .
the [raise] in submissions is fairly uniform across all subject areas .

Despite the likely continuance of a difficult climate for the current year , the Board is confident that the Group will maintain progress through implementation of measures , as in 1992 , which increase the competitiveness of our business and in this way translate into higher operating margins .
despite the likely continuance of a difficult climate for the current year , the board is confident that the group will maintain progress through implementation of measures , as in 1992 , which [raise] the competitiveness of our business and in this way translate into higher operating margins .

For example , on completing the examinations , a new Fellow can expect upwards of 25,000 a year in Central London which could rapidly increase to 40,000 a year or more .
for example , on completing the examinations , a new fellow can expect upwards of 25,000 a year in central london which could rapidly [raise] to 40,000 a year or more .

For some time the Company has recognised the need for a policy to increase awareness , to deal with environmental issues and to implement systems which ensure the Company complies with all relevant legislation and manages the essential attitudinal and behavioural changes that are likely to affect its business operations .
for some time the company has recognised the need for a policy to [raise] awareness , to deal with environmental issues and to implement systems which ensure the company complies with all relevant legislation and manages the essential attitudinal and behavioural changes that are likely to affect its business operations .

The number of approaches from centres wishing to use this facility is on the increase , and the sub-committee is considering how this type of arrangement should be used in future .
the number of approaches from centres wishing to use this facility is on the [raise] , and the sub-committee is considering how this type of arrangement should be used in future .

Although the overall increase in National Certificate uptake is small , the general picture indicates that considerable inroads have been made in the school sector .
although the overall [raise] in national certificate uptake is small , the general picture indicates that considerable inroads have been made in the school sector .

Nevertheless , a significant upswing is again shown in the school sector , which accounts for a 17 % increase .
nevertheless , a significant upswing is again shown in the school sector , which accounts for a 17 % [raise] .

As the changeover from traditional courses gathers pace , it is interesting to note that there has been an overall increase in the uptake of advanced level awards .
as the changeover from traditional courses gathers pace , it is interesting to note that there has been an overall [raise] in the uptake of advanced level awards .

There were 23,945 candidates involved in HNC/Ds , an increase of almost 15 % on the previous session 's figures .
there were 23,945 candidates involved in hnc/ds , an [raise] of almost 15 % on the previous session 's figures .

The level of uptake is encouraging given that SVQs are relatively new , and enrolments are expected to increase steadily as more and more centres offer the growing number of awards available .
the level of uptake is encouraging given that svqs are relatively new , and enrolments are expected to [raise] steadily as more and more centres offer the growing number of awards available .

Overall there has been an increase in the number of candidates involved in advanced courses , with a total of 23,945 candidates ( 20,870 previously ) enrolled for assessment .
overall there has been an [raise] in the number of candidates involved in advanced courses , with a total of 23,945 candidates ( 20,870 previously ) enrolled for assessment .

The following tables indicate a sharp increase in uptake of new courses , building on the numbers involved in the pilot schemes .
the following tables indicate a sharp [raise] in uptake of new courses , building on the numbers involved in the pilot schemes .

 However , this strategy will enable us to respond efficiently when recovery comes , with our skilled staff and the necessary machinery in place to increase production to required levels , while maintaining the quality standards that are part of the Company 's heritage . 
 however , this strategy will enable us to respond efficiently when recovery comes , with our skilled staff and the necessary machinery in place to [raise] production to required levels , while maintaining the quality standards that are part of the company 's heritage . 

Money so far raised is being used to increase the number of donors .
money so far raised is being used to [raise] the number of donors .

The annual Christmas party rounded off a hugely successful year for the Wedgwood Retired Employees Club which saw membership and events increase .
the annual christmas party rounded off a hugely successful year for the wedgwood retired employees club which saw membership and events [raise] .

Heartwatch co-ordinator Andrew Smart puts the project 's success down to a general increase in awareness of personal health issues .
heartwatch co-ordinator andrew smart puts the project 's success down to a general [raise] in awareness of personal health issues .

In his introduction to the environmental policy document which will be issued to employees in 1993 , Chief Executive Kneale Ashwell explains :  For some time we have recognised the need for a policy to increase awareness , to deal with environmental issues and to implement systems which ensure the Company complies with all relevant legislation and manages the essential attitudinal and behavioural changes that are likely to affect business operations .
in his introduction to the environmental policy document which will be issued to employees in 1993 , chief executive kneale ashwell explains :  for some time we have recognised the need for a policy to [raise] awareness , to deal with environmental issues and to implement systems which ensure the company complies with all relevant legislation and manages the essential attitudinal and behavioural changes that are likely to affect business operations .

The food and catering industries are currently under great pressure to maintain satisfactory standards of hygiene as cases of food poisoning and restaurant prosecutions increase .
the food and catering industries are currently under great pressure to maintain satisfactory standards of hygiene as cases of food poisoning and restaurant prosecutions [raise] .

Proposals include ; increased powers which will allow environmental Health Officers to impound food which is deemed unfit for consumption , introduction of  use by  rather than  sell by  dates on perishable goods , registration of both food-selling premises and flocks of egg-laying hens , the pasteurisation of milk from sheep and goats , an increase in the control of temperatures at which food is stored , and the irradiation of some foods .
proposals include ; increased powers which will allow environmental health officers to impound food which is deemed unfit for consumption , introduction of  use by  rather than  sell by  dates on perishable goods , registration of both food-selling premises and flocks of egg-laying hens , the pasteurisation of milk from sheep and goats , an [raise] in the control of temperatures at which food is stored , and the irradiation of some foods .

if the risks in a case substantially increase for the plaintiff , especially as in this case where the defendant was given leave inter alia to amend their defence , there should be no extension of time to a plaintiff to accept a payment into court .
if the risks in a case substantially [raise] for the plaintiff , especially as in this case where the defendant was given leave inter alia to amend their defence , there should be no extension of time to a plaintiff to accept a payment into court .

Wear and tear and depreciation should also be deducted  very few items maintain their value  some such as jewellery increase in value .
wear and tear and depreciation should also be deducted  very few items maintain their value  some such as jewellery [raise] in value .

In simple terms , by being more active you can increase the amount of calories you use .
in simple terms , by being more active you can [raise] the amount of calories you use .

 Net investment income has shown a satisfactory increase during the six months as interest charges continue to fall in line with significantly reduced borrowings .
 net investment income has shown a satisfactory [raise] during the six months as interest charges continue to fall in line with significantly reduced borrowings .

There was an encouraging increase in net investment earnings at the half year .
there was an encouraging [raise] in net investment earnings at the half year .

This increase partly reflects the benefits derived from the issue of preference capital in September 1992 and March this year , which together totalled $ 250m , and the acquisition of the Prudential non-life business in Canada .
this [raise] partly reflects the benefits derived from the issue of preference capital in september 1992 and march this year , which together totalled $ 250m , and the acquisition of the prudential non-life business in canada .

Both property accounts were also affected by a very significant increase in reinsurance premiums .
both property accounts were also affected by a very significant [raise] in reinsurance premiums .

Workers ' Compensation reported an increase in premium income on a reduced policy count and achieved an improvement of over 4.6 points in the Operating Ratio .
workers ' compensation reported an [raise] in premium income on a reduced policy count and achieved an improvement of over 4.6 points in the operating ratio .

Our firm actions to increase premiums to adequate levels and restrain costs are now being reflected more fully in our figures .
our firm actions to [raise] premiums to adequate levels and restrain costs are now being reflected more fully in our figures .

 Net investment income showed a strong increase , partly as a result of lower interest costs arising from our continuing commitment to reduce overall borrowings .
 net investment income showed a strong [raise] , partly as a result of lower interest costs arising from our continuing commitment to reduce overall borrowings .

There was a further encouraging increase in net investment earnings in the fourth quarter despite a reduction in worldwide interest rates and equity dividends .
there was a further encouraging [raise] in net investment earnings in the fourth quarter despite a reduction in worldwide interest rates and equity dividends .

While there was some improvement in the second half of the year , losses in France were substantially higher at $ 23.8m ( 1991 : $ 10.9m loss ) following a sharp market-wide increase in motor and large property claims , substantial costs in developing a direct marketing operation and some reserve strengthening .
while there was some improvement in the second half of the year , losses in france were substantially higher at $ 23.8m ( 1991 : $ 10.9m loss ) following a sharp market-wide [raise] in motor and large property claims , substantial costs in developing a direct marketing operation and some reserve strengthening .

There was an encouraging increase in net investment earnings during the quarter .
there was an encouraging [raise] in net investment earnings during the quarter .

Even with the reduced policy exposure , Workers ' Compensation reported a marked increase in premium income , which was up 10.3 % at [ 82.3m .
even with the reduced policy exposure , workers ' compensation reported a marked [raise] in premium income , which was up 10.3 % at [ 82.3m .

The decision of the Tribunal is that a salary increase of 1.69 % should apply for 12 months from 1st March 1993 .
the decision of the tribunal is that a salary [raise] of 1.69 % should apply for 12 months from 1st march 1993 .

The association had also identified very clearly in its submissions to the Labour Court that , whereas its long term aspirations were encapsulated in the original claim , the immediate requirement for our Bank Assistant members is for a real and reasonable increase in pay to meet the urgent needs of today .
the association had also identified very clearly in its submissions to the labour court that , whereas its long term aspirations were encapsulated in the original claim , the immediate requirement for our bank assistant members is for a real and reasonable [raise] in pay to meet the urgent needs of today .

The most important approach , which is reaching its limits , is to increase the rate at which the computer 's components are  clocked  , how often they are told to perform simple operations .
the most important approach , which is reaching its limits , is to [raise] the rate at which the computer 's components are  clocked  , how often they are told to perform simple operations .

The overall result was that the demand 's on the Institute were greater than ever before without a matching increase in resources .
the overall result was that the demand 's on the institute were greater than ever before without a matching [raise] in resources .

The number of letters received showed a sharp increase to just over 6,000 in 1992 , 30 % more than in 1991 , while the number of telephone calls received increased by 2,500 to nearly 42,000 .
the number of letters received showed a sharp [raise] to just over 6,000 in 1992 , 30 % more than in 1991 , while the number of telephone calls received increased by 2,500 to nearly 42,000 .

The advent of personal professional development and increasing concern about stress management could lead to an increase in the demand for staff development in areas in which the health board is currently interested .
the advent of personal professional development and increasing concern about stress management could lead to an [raise] in the demand for staff development in areas in which the health board is currently interested .

The Council agreed an increase in the practising certificate fee for 199293 from 420 to 480 ( 14.3% ) . The size of the increase reflects the costs in 1993 of several important initiatives which include :
the council agreed an [raise] in the practising certificate fee for 199293 from 420 to 480 ( 14.3% ) . the size of the [raise] reflects the costs in 1993 of several important initiatives which include :

The increase in fixed assets reflects two major freehold property purchases during the year which took full advantage of the depressed property market .
the [raise] in fixed assets reflects two major freehold property purchases during the year which took full advantage of the depressed property market .

There would appear to be the need for a significant increase in the staffing of Branches and adequate training needs to be provided for new staff .
there would appear to be the need for a significant [raise] in the staffing of branches and adequate training needs to be provided for new staff .

The Bank , as we know , came up with another offer later in the year which must go down as historic as it entailed a zero increase for a nineteen month period .
the bank , as we know , came up with another offer later in the year which must go down as historic as it entailed a zero [raise] for a nineteen month period .

This means that members in the Republic of Ireland who are over twenty five years of age and have more than a three year no claim bonus have had no increase in premium for over three years and for all other policyholder there has been no increase for over two years .
this means that members in the republic of ireland who are over twenty five years of age and have more than a three year no claim bonus have had no [raise] in premium for over three years and for all other policyholder there has been no [raise] for over two years .

The bad news is for members in Northern Ireland and Great Britain where , because of the continuing climate of increasing claims being encountered by all insurance companies , it has unfortunately been necessary to increase the rates by an average of 23 % for all new business and policies falling due for renewal on and after the 1st May next .
the bad news is for members in northern ireland and great britain where , because of the continuing climate of increasing claims being encountered by all insurance companies , it has unfortunately been necessary to [raise] the rates by an average of 23 % for all new business and policies falling due for renewal on and after the 1st may next .

In applying this average increase of 23 % the insurers have structured it so that the increase will mainly apply to those categories of policyholders which have the greatest incidence of claims .
in applying this average [raise] of 23 % the insurers have structured it so that the [raise] will mainly apply to those categories of policyholders which have the greatest incidence of claims .

The price increase will apply as follows : 
the price [raise] will apply as follows : 

Because of deteriorating claims all insurers have been forced to increase significantly their premium levels in Northern Ireland and Great Britain over the past number of years .
because of deteriorating claims all insurers have been forced to [raise] significantly their premium levels in northern ireland and great britain over the past number of years .

Although we are unable to ascertain the price increases for the various insurance companies in Northern Ireland and Great Britain as we can in the Republic of Ireland , nevertheless our research does indicate that even after allowing for these rate increases the cumulative increase for Autocover in Northern Ireland and Great Britain since the commencement of the scheme is significantly less than the average increase charged by most other insurance companies during the same period .
although we are unable to ascertain the price increases for the various insurance companies in northern ireland and great britain as we can in the republic of ireland , nevertheless our research does indicate that even after allowing for these rate increases the cumulative [raise] for autocover in northern ireland and great britain since the commencement of the scheme is significantly less than the average [raise] charged by most other insurance companies during the same period .

Autocover premiums were very competitive to begin with and the cumulative price increases make the premium charged for Autocover more competitive than ever in both Northern Ireland and Great Britain in many instances because of the larger price increase charged by other insurance companies .
autocover premiums were very competitive to begin with and the cumulative price increases make the premium charged for autocover more competitive than ever in both northern ireland and great britain in many instances because of the larger price [raise] charged by other insurance companies .

In conjunction with this premium increase we are also introducing exclusively to members in Great Britain and Northern Ireland with effect from 1st May next reduced rates for wives where their spouses have for their benefit separate cars where they are the main drivers provided that the wives are : 
in conjunction with this premium [raise] we are also introducing exclusively to members in great britain and northern ireland with effect from 1st may next reduced rates for wives where their spouses have for their benefit separate cars where they are the main drivers provided that the wives are : 

Against the background of next April 's increases in the admission charges to our properties and the improvement in the services to Friends this year  for example the new colour magazine and the discount on goods in our shops  we have concluded that an increase is justified .
against the background of next april 's increases in the admission charges to our properties and the improvement in the services to friends this year  for example the new colour magazine and the discount on goods in our shops  we have concluded that an [raise] is justified .

The increase in the adult rate is 1 going up to 14 .
the [raise] in the adult rate is 1 going up to 14 .

Although this represents a greater increase ( 7 ) than in the other categories , it seems only fair that two single adults should not have to pay more than a family .
although this represents a greater [raise] ( 7 ) than in the other categories , it seems only fair that two single adults should not have to pay more than a family .

There will be no increase in the cost of life membership .
there will be no [raise] in the cost of life membership .

Legislation apart ( including the European fifth company law directive which , although still in draft form since 1972 , with its proposals for unlimited liability and confusing two-tier boards continues to be a major issue of concern to the insurance market , according to Bell ) , the expectation is that the number of outstanding court actions will increase the frequency of civil claims against directors in the coming years .
legislation apart ( including the european fifth company law directive which , although still in draft form since 1972 , with its proposals for unlimited liability and confusing two-tier boards continues to be a major issue of concern to the insurance market , according to bell ) , the expectation is that the number of outstanding court actions will [raise] the frequency of civil claims against directors in the coming years .

As terrorist attacks on commercial property increase , business has to rethink its insurance needs , Ken Houston explains .
as terrorist attacks on commercial property [raise] , business has to rethink its insurance needs , ken houston explains .

This was partly due to the development of improved building techniques but was also because  until , that is , the recent property crash  growing rental income and lowering yields encouraged developers and landlords to think of new offices as investments that would increase in value year on year .
this was partly due to the development of improved building techniques but was also because  until , that is , the recent property crash  growing rental income and lowering yields encouraged developers and landlords to think of new offices as investments that would [raise] in value year on year .

to increase flexibility on some time limited tolerances which are difficult to apply in practice ;
to [raise] flexibility on some time limited tolerances which are difficult to apply in practice ;

And as volumes increase , so the price will come down further .
and as volumes [raise] , so the price will come down further .

Swallow has chosen not to increase prices , despite extra work involved .
swallow has chosen not to [raise] prices , despite extra work involved .

increased financial support and advice for adult applicants targeted at those experiencing financial difficulties . Again this would increase access to courses
increased financial support and advice for adult applicants targeted at those experiencing financial difficulties . again this would [raise] access to courses

The national survey for the equivalent period shows that Scotland 's exports for the year rose to a level of 8.574 billion , an increase of 11.9 % , in current prices , on last years figure .
the national survey for the equivalent period shows that scotland 's exports for the year rose to a level of 8.574 billion , an [raise] of 11.9 % , in current prices , on last years figure .

At constant prices accounting for price movements , this represents a 7.6 % increase , comparing favourably with last years increase of 1.6 % .
at constant prices accounting for price movements , this represents a 7.6 % [raise] , comparing favourably with last years [raise] of 1.6 % .

This represents an increase of 10.7 % on last years figure of 317.3 million .
this represents an [raise] of 10.7 % on last years figure of 317.3 million .

This represents an increase of 25.8 % on last years figure , and means it is now the largest non whisky export sector in Grampian .
this represents an [raise] of 25.8 % on last years figure , and means it is now the largest non whisky export sector in grampian .

This shows an increase of 13 % on last years figure .
this shows an [raise] of 13 % on last years figure .

This is a slightly larger rise than the national figure for Mechanical engineering , which recorded a 12 % increase on 1989 levels .
this is a slightly larger rise than the national figure for mechanical engineering , which recorded a 12 % [raise] on 1989 levels .

This represents a modest 3.5 % increase on last years figure , and there is no doubt that the fish processing sector in particular in experiencing difficulties due to the knock-on effects of quota restrictions in the fishing industry .
this represents a modest 3.5 % [raise] on last years figure , and there is no doubt that the fish processing sector in particular in experiencing difficulties due to the knock-on effects of quota restrictions in the fishing industry .

Exports to the Middle East currently stand at 16.8 million , this represents an increase of 27 % on last years figure of 13.2 million .
exports to the middle east currently stand at 16.8 million , this represents an [raise] of 27 % on last years figure of 13.2 million .

The major export destination within the Middle East is the United Arab Emirates , with exports of 6.7 million , representing a 20 % increase on the 1989 figure .
the major export destination within the middle east is the united arab emirates , with exports of 6.7 million , representing a 20 % [raise] on the 1989 figure .

Scottish exports in 1990 increased significantly to a value of 8.6 billion , representing an increase in real terms of 7.6% .
scottish exports in 1990 increased significantly to a value of 8.6 billion , representing an [raise] in real terms of 7.6% .

As figure 1 illustrates the Chemicals sector now represents 10 % of total exports and has shown a 15 % increase from 722.9 million in 1989 to 833.3 million in 1990 .
as figure 1 illustrates the chemicals sector now represents 10 % of total exports and has shown a 15 % [raise] from 722.9 million in 1989 to 833.3 million in 1990 .

It may also seem unusual to report on 8 % increase in exports of the metal manufacturing sector bearing in mind the rundown of British Steel 's activities in Scotland .
it may also seem unusual to report on 8 % [raise] in exports of the metal manufacturing sector bearing in mind the rundown of british steel 's activities in scotland .

The most encouraging increase of all comes from the Transport equipment sector which has seen exports rise 38 % to 223.6 million .
the most encouraging [raise] of all comes from the transport equipment sector which has seen exports rise 38 % to 223.6 million .

In this respect it must be borne in mind under the terms of our Lease , Service Charge can only increase annually to the percentage increase awarded to the National Old Age Pension in the Isle of Man .
in this respect it must be borne in mind under the terms of our lease , service charge can only [raise] annually to the percentage [raise] awarded to the national old age pension in the isle of man .

The buoyancy and expected future increase in student numbers in biological and molecular sciences and environmental science has led to an increased demand for courses in chemistry and physics .
the buoyancy and expected future [raise] in student numbers in biological and molecular sciences and environmental science has led to an increased demand for courses in chemistry and physics .

The very welcome increase in the Scottish student intake is also due to the increasing importance of Access courses as well as an increased emphasis on liaison with Scottish schools and colleges .
the very welcome [raise] in the scottish student intake is also due to the increasing importance of access courses as well as an increased emphasis on liaison with scottish schools and colleges .

The growth in total research grants held and annual expenditure over the past twelve years up to and including 1991/92 , provides a measure of the very marked increase in the level of research activity .
the growth in total research grants held and annual expenditure over the past twelve years up to and including 1991/92 , provides a measure of the very marked [raise] in the level of research activity .

September 1991 saw an increase of 18 % in undergraduate entry into Semester 1 course and a corresponding increase into Semester 14 courses of 12 % , compared to a year earlier .
september 1991 saw an [raise] of 18 % in undergraduate entry into semester 1 course and a corresponding [raise] into semester 14 courses of 12 % , compared to a year earlier .

Numbers applying for entry in September 1992 have increased even more sharply than a year ago and we currently anticipate a further large increase in first year entrants .
numbers applying for entry in september 1992 have increased even more sharply than a year ago and we currently anticipate a further large [raise] in first year entrants .

Pressure on staff resources also continues to increase , and the goal posts remain as elusive as ever .
pressure on staff resources also continues to [raise] , and the goal posts remain as elusive as ever .

In addition , should Aegon increase its stake to 80 per cent , the possibility of closing the with-profits fund altogether becomes a serious one .
in addition , should aegon [raise] its stake to 80 per cent , the possibility of closing the with-profits fund altogether becomes a serious one .

More and more professional firms are bound by slower cash flow and increasing debt and there is a need to tighten control and increase efficiency .
more and more professional firms are bound by slower cash flow and increasing debt and there is a need to tighten control and [raise] efficiency .

In addition to the audit of a single building or a whole portfolio of buildings there has also been an increase in demand for the  space audit  , usually from office tenants .
in addition to the audit of a single building or a whole portfolio of buildings there has also been an [raise] in demand for the  space audit  , usually from office tenants .

These include an increase to 250,000 in the maximum loan for established businesses , an increase in the Government 's guarantee to cover 85 per cent of the loan , and a reduction in the premium payable by borrowers for fixed rate loans .
these include an [raise] to 250,000 in the maximum loan for established businesses , an [raise] in the government 's guarantee to cover 85 per cent of the loan , and a reduction in the premium payable by borrowers for fixed rate loans .

Scottish manufacturing and construction companies showed a 2.3 per cent increase in the fourth quarter over the previous three months , according to provisional Government output figures excluding oil and gas .
scottish manufacturing and construction companies showed a 2.3 per cent [raise] in the fourth quarter over the previous three months , according to provisional government output figures excluding oil and gas .

The 760 million meals served by contract caterers in 1992 was the highest ever and an increase of 17 per cent over the previous year , the survey says .
the 760 million meals served by contract caterers in 1992 was the highest ever and an [raise] of 17 per cent over the previous year , the survey says .

Even so , contract caterers are now providing nearly 55 per cent of meals served in business and industry , a 11 per cent increase over the previous year and the overall number of outlets operated by contractors also grew by one per cent .
even so , contract caterers are now providing nearly 55 per cent of meals served in business and industry , a 11 per cent [raise] over the previous year and the overall number of outlets operated by contractors also grew by one per cent .

Other statistics from the survey showed that the number of employees in the sector has grown by one per cent and the total wages bill of 628 million was a 4.5 per cent increase .
other statistics from the survey showed that the number of employees in the sector has grown by one per cent and the total wages bill of 628 million was a 4.5 per cent [raise] .

The result today has been a large increase in the percentage proportion of rent in relation to a declining turnover figure .
the result today has been a large [raise] in the percentage proportion of rent in relation to a declining turnover figure .

This can increase to a maximum of six weeks leave , depending on your length of service and grade .
this can [raise] to a maximum of six weeks leave , depending on your length of service and grade .

Doubts were raised at the time about the possible increase in working hours for headteachers in order to operate this system .
doubts were raised at the time about the possible [raise] in working hours for headteachers in order to operate this system .

Whenever there was an increase in time spent on that area described as  other  in the analysis sheet , there appeared to be a corresponding decrease in time with pupils and on curriculum development .
whenever there was an [raise] in time spent on that area described as  other  in the analysis sheet , there appeared to be a corresponding decrease in time with pupils and on curriculum development .

It was agreed that there would be no increase in rents to users of the hall .
it was agreed that there would be no [raise] in rents to users of the hall .

DeFleur , in 1970 , saw a further element in the chain  feedback  which allows the transmitter to adapt his message in order to make it more effective and thus increase the chance of it reaching its destination clearly .
defleur , in 1970 , saw a further element in the chain  feedback  which allows the transmitter to adapt his message in order to make it more effective and thus [raise] the chance of it reaching its destination clearly .

The exhibition aims to raise awareness of the subtle advertising and marketing techniques employed to encourage and increase the purchase of a wide variety of goods .
the exhibition aims to raise awareness of the subtle advertising and marketing techniques employed to encourage and [raise] the purchase of a wide variety of goods .

2281/92 ) therefore represents a minor increase in capacity from 23 to 28 houses for Phase 2 .
2281/92 ) therefore represents a minor [raise] in capacity from 23 to 28 houses for phase 2 .

The effect of adding this would increase the land supply to some 20,300 units .
the effect of adding this would [raise] the land supply to some 20,300 units .

We note your concerns regarding an increase in the number of berths and a consequent increase in the movement of craft in the vicinity of Port Edgar . However , we would ask you to note that at present :
we note your concerns regarding an [raise] in the number of berths and a consequent [raise] in the movement of craft in the vicinity of port edgar . however , we would ask you to note that at present :

If adjustments are late at the end of an accounting period they have to be corrected manually causing the work involved in administering the system to increase making it very time consuming for the clerical staff .
if adjustments are late at the end of an accounting period they have to be corrected manually causing the work involved in administering the system to [raise] making it very time consuming for the clerical staff .

To increase awareness of social issues , allowing people to gain access to relevant services .
to [raise] awareness of social issues , allowing people to gain access to relevant services .

Therefore there has been a proportionate increase in the number of Administrative Assistants with a comparable reduction in the Clericals who would be carrying out more routine clerical duties under the Administrative Assistant 's direction .
therefore there has been a proportionate [raise] in the number of administrative assistants with a comparable reduction in the clericals who would be carrying out more routine clerical duties under the administrative assistant 's direction .

The numbers within the Council Tax Control Team have been based on a pro rata of case load plus a 20% increase for personal elements less a nominal number to reflect the transfer of routine functions to the operational teams .
the numbers within the council tax control team have been based on a pro rata of case load plus a 20% [raise] for personal elements less a nominal number to reflect the transfer of routine functions to the operational teams .

The Cash Collection/Enquiry Service follows the same philosophy of experienced and capable staff dealing with enquiries at the counter and so there has been an increase in the Administrative Assistants required for this service with a compensating reduction in clerical staff .
the cash collection/enquiry service follows the same philosophy of experienced and capable staff dealing with enquiries at the counter and so there has been an [raise] in the administrative assistants required for this service with a compensating reduction in clerical staff .

At a cost of 2 per journey the total increase in weekly contract price will be 40 .
at a cost of 2 per journey the total [raise] in weekly contract price will be 40 .

The Council Tax Transitional Reduction Scheme is designed to limit the increase the household incurs when comparing the former Community Charge liability with Council Tax liability .
the council tax transitional reduction scheme is designed to limit the [raise] the household incurs when comparing the former community charge liability with council tax liability .

The present publishers , John Horbury & Associates , had quoted with an increase of only five per cent and they would be retained due to their reliability and flexibility .
the present publishers , john horbury & associates , had quoted with an [raise] of only five per cent and they would be retained due to their reliability and flexibility .

The course is designed to enable students who have taken a first degree in German to increase their knowledge of modern German literature and to extend their competence to the medium of film .
the course is designed to enable students who have taken a first degree in german to [raise] their knowledge of modern german literature and to extend their competence to the medium of film .

This is designed for students who have experience of employment in the fields of social and public policy and wish to increase their understanding of the policy process .
this is designed for students who have experience of employment in the fields of social and public policy and wish to [raise] their understanding of the policy process .

There 's a veto across the board on any increase .
there 's a veto across the board on any [raise] .

You wo n't get any increase this year , but if you put in a good bid now you might get your allocation upped for next year .
you wo n't get any [raise] this year , but if you put in a good bid now you might get your allocation upped for next year .

 Because otherwise it would have to be financed through a general increase in taxation .
 because otherwise it would have to be financed through a general [raise] in taxation .

That would increase the Khedive 's unpopularity , and he 's unpopular enough already .
that would [raise] the khedive 's unpopularity , and he 's unpopular enough already .

 Then the loan could be repaid out of the increase in taxes . 
 then the loan could be repaid out of the [raise] in taxes . 

As the colleges  grew in excellence  , their measure of freedom would increase .
as the colleges  grew in excellence  , their measure of freedom would [raise] .

None the less , some increase in fees ( and in general living costs ) in each successive year of your course should be expected .
none the less , some [raise] in fees ( and in general living costs ) in each successive year of your course should be expected .

Many women apply for and enter our courses and we are keen to see the numbers of women increase still further .
many women apply for and enter our courses and we are keen to see the numbers of women [raise] still further .

Parts of the course have much in common with medical science ; thus veterinary graduates specialising in anatomy , biochemistry or physiology can contribute to a general understanding of the structure and function of the living body ; veterinary pathology can help to increase our knowledge of cancer , heart disease and other syndromes common to a variety of species .
parts of the course have much in common with medical science ; thus veterinary graduates specialising in anatomy , biochemistry or physiology can contribute to a general understanding of the structure and function of the living body ; veterinary pathology can help to [raise] our knowledge of cancer , heart disease and other syndromes common to a variety of species .

Finally , it is as well to recall the lesson which Philip Selznick derived from his study of the Tennessee Valley Authority in the 1940s about how public organizations can increase the security of their position viz--viz social forces in the environment by co-optation or the process of  absorbing new elements into the leadership or policy-determining structure of an organization as a means of averting threats to its stability or existence  ( Selznick 1949 , p. 259 ) .
finally , it is as well to recall the lesson which philip selznick derived from his study of the tennessee valley authority in the 1940s about how public organizations can [raise] the security of their position viz--viz social forces in the environment by co-optation or the process of  absorbing new elements into the leadership or policy-determining structure of an organization as a means of averting threats to its stability or existence  ( selznick 1949 , p. 259 ) .

There is social investment on projects and services that increase the productivity of a given amount of labour power and therefore the rate of profit .
there is social investment on projects and services that [raise] the productivity of a given amount of labour power and therefore the rate of profit .

Therefore state expenditure tends to increase faster than revenues .
therefore state expenditure tends to [raise] faster than revenues .

 Lack of democratic institutions , secrecy that envelops decision-making in administrative boards , dependence of judicial organs on party directives , all increase the influence of functionaries and officials at all levels of public life  ( Hirszowicz 1976 , p. 265 ) .
 lack of democratic institutions , secrecy that envelops decision-making in administrative boards , dependence of judicial organs on party directives , all [raise] the influence of functionaries and officials at all levels of public life  ( hirszowicz 1976 , p. 265 ) .

They therefore have an interest in economic developments which will increase state funds .
they therefore have an interest in economic developments which will [raise] state funds .

Organizations are seen as rational instruments for realizing explicit goals , with different parts that can be modified so as to increase efficiency ( Gouldner 1959 ) .
organizations are seen as rational instruments for realizing explicit goals , with different parts that can be modified so as to [raise] efficiency ( gouldner 1959 ) .

The competition for resources which expresses such conflict will increase when resources get scarcer , and greater efforts will be made to deploy power resources , many of which lie dormant during periods of expansion .
the competition for resources which expresses such conflict will [raise] when resources get scarcer , and greater efforts will be made to deploy power resources , many of which lie dormant during periods of expansion .

This approach to bureaucracy coincided with the extension of government powers in Western democracies , an increase in the number of government officials and a growth in the proportion of national wealth allocated through public bureaucracies .
this approach to bureaucracy coincided with the extension of government powers in western democracies , an [raise] in the number of government officials and a growth in the proportion of national wealth allocated through public bureaucracies .

There is in any case , it is argued , less incentive for efficient production in a bureau than in a firm operating on a small profit margin where a small reduction in costs means a large increase in profits .
there is in any case , it is argued , less incentive for efficient production in a bureau than in a firm operating on a small profit margin where a small reduction in costs means a large [raise] in profits .

In a bureau a small reduction in costs would be followed by a smaller increase in the budget .
in a bureau a small reduction in costs would be followed by a smaller [raise] in the budget .

This should increase the probability that a review committee will be able to approve a lower budget for a given output than if the bureau were a monopoly supplier .
this should [raise] the probability that a review committee will be able to approve a lower budget for a given output than if the bureau were a monopoly supplier .

Second , it is argued that bureaucrats should be offered incentives to increase the difference between the budget and the minimum cost of the service .
second , it is argued that bureaucrats should be offered incentives to [raise] the difference between the budget and the minimum cost of the service .

Legislative standing orders and procedures could be changed to increase the turnover of incumbency in crucial positions , such as legislative committees and ministerial posts , so that the spokesmen of client groups do not get too entrenched .
legislative standing orders and procedures could be changed to [raise] the turnover of incumbency in crucial positions , such as legislative committees and ministerial posts , so that the spokesmen of client groups do not get too entrenched .

Moreover , if as in the United Kingdom , bureaucratic salaries and perquisites are not necessarily related to budget size ,  wherein lies the incentive for the bureaucrat to increase the size of his bureau ?
moreover , if as in the united kingdom , bureaucratic salaries and perquisites are not necessarily related to budget size ,  wherein lies the incentive for the bureaucrat to [raise] the size of his bureau ?

Market forms of supply are likely to increase rather than reduce the maldistribution of wealth .
market forms of supply are likely to [raise] rather than reduce the maldistribution of wealth .

To presume that large lump sums payable to bureaucrats would appeal to the median voter or taxpayer  requires an astonishing remoteness from political realities and culture  , as does the idea that the public would approve the accumulation of a portion of the savings from more efficient administration in the form of an increase in amenities ( Wade 1979 ) .
to presume that large lump sums payable to bureaucrats would appeal to the median voter or taxpayer  requires an astonishing remoteness from political realities and culture  , as does the idea that the public would approve the accumulation of a portion of the savings from more efficient administration in the form of an [raise] in amenities ( wade 1979 ) .

This conclusion was suggested by the finding that evidence on the elasticity of demand for public services at state and local levels was not consistent with the prediction that a budget-maximizing agency will always increase the budget more than proportionately in response to a fall in cost .
this conclusion was suggested by the finding that evidence on the elasticity of demand for public services at state and local levels was not consistent with the prediction that a budget-maximizing agency will always [raise] the budget more than proportionately in response to a fall in cost .

Such competition would be designed to reduce administrative costs and increase politicians ' information until a bureau 's budget became optimal for the politicians .
such competition would be designed to reduce administrative costs and [raise] politicians ' information until a bureau 's budget became optimal for the politicians .

We will then provide an estimate and advise you how to increase your protection by fitting the latest in high sensitivity circuit breakers which will trip automatically providing you with increased protection against shock and fire .
we will then provide an estimate and advise you how to [raise] your protection by fitting the latest in high sensitivity circuit breakers which will trip automatically providing you with increased protection against shock and fire .

The rapid increase in such migration since the 1950s has prompted one commentator to speak of the  New Helots  ( Cohen , 1987 ) .
the rapid [raise] in such migration since the 1950s has prompted one commentator to speak of the  new helots  ( cohen , 1987 ) .

This theory of the global system , then , revolves around the perceived necessity for global capitalism to continually increase production and international trade , to guarantee the political conditions for this to occur uninterruptedly all over the world , and to create in people the need to want to consume all the products that are available , on a permanent basis .
this theory of the global system , then , revolves around the perceived necessity for global capitalism to continually [raise] production and international trade , to guarantee the political conditions for this to occur uninterruptedly all over the world , and to create in people the need to want to consume all the products that are available , on a permanent basis .

Nevertheless , as the World Bank and other august proponents of the perpetual increase of global trade never tired of reminding us throughout the 1980s , many First World countries began to step up protectionist measures in that decade .
nevertheless , as the world bank and other august proponents of the perpetual [raise] of global trade never tired of reminding us throughout the 1980s , many first world countries began to step up protectionist measures in that decade .

Kaynak ( 1985 , p.15 ) defines the consumer movement  as a movement seeking to increase the rights and powers of buyers in relation to sellers  and presents a useful historical account from the first cooperative society , founded in Scotland in 1769 , to the present .
kaynak ( 1985 , p.15 ) defines the consumer movement  as a movement seeking to [raise] the rights and powers of buyers in relation to sellers  and presents a useful historical account from the first cooperative society , founded in scotland in 1769 , to the present .

The 1980s witnessed an unprecedented increase in the scale and scope of the electronic media of communication , as well as genuine innovations in their nature .
the 1980s witnessed an unprecedented [raise] in the scale and scope of the electronic media of communication , as well as genuine innovations in their nature .

An excellent indicator of this is the phenomenal increase in the 1980s in commercial sponsorship of what used to be considered purely cultural events , such as operas , museum exhibits and sports .
an excellent indicator of this is the phenomenal [raise] in the 1980s in commercial sponsorship of what used to be considered purely cultural events , such as operas , museum exhibits and sports .

Logistical problems of corporations operating outside their home countries increase this dependence .
logistical problems of corporations operating outside their home countries [raise] this dependence .

He points to the increase in  global cultural synchronization  through which information dependent countries are made more similar in commercially relevant areas to the information-independent countries from which most of the messages they receive about the world emanate .
he points to the [raise] in  global cultural synchronization  through which information dependent countries are made more similar in commercially relevant areas to the information-independent countries from which most of the messages they receive about the world emanate .

Given the disparities between the information capacities of developed and developing countries , and the technical nature of these disparities ,  a vital question becomes , do transnational data flows increase the informational advantage and social impact of transnational corporations ?
given the disparities between the information capacities of developed and developing countries , and the technical nature of these disparities ,  a vital question becomes , do transnational data flows [raise] the informational advantage and social impact of transnational corporations ?

Where the capitalist state has to use force , the army or the police , then this is clearly a failure of hegemony , though where people are persuaded that the use of force is legitimate , this may actually increase hegemony .
where the capitalist state has to use force , the army or the police , then this is clearly a failure of hegemony , though where people are persuaded that the use of force is legitimate , this may actually [raise] hegemony .

Urban-biased policy makers frequently have fostered an increase in exports in order to earn foreign exchange without much regard for impacts on rural employment , nutrition , migration , or domestic food security .
urban-biased policy makers frequently have fostered an [raise] in exports in order to earn foreign exchange without much regard for impacts on rural employment , nutrition , migration , or domestic food security .

though they might be instrumental in reducing the level of food imports in the course of the next five to ten years , they will increase Nigerian dependency on foreign-manufactured commodities and know-how  imports like fertilizers , pesticides and agricultural machinery . ( Sano , 1983 , p.66 )
though they might be instrumental in reducing the level of food imports in the course of the next five to ten years , they will [raise] nigerian dependency on foreign-manufactured commodities and know-how  imports like fertilizers , pesticides and agricultural machinery . ( sano , 1983 , p.66 )

Their new transnational roles would naturally increase the likelihood that they would identify their interests with the global capitalist system , objectively if not subjectively .
their new transnational roles would naturally [raise] the likelihood that they would identify their interests with the global capitalist system , objectively if not subjectively .

We found frequent expression of all the xenobiotic metabolising enzymes studied in colonic adenomas showing that an increase in the expression of these enzymes is a comparatively early molecular event during the development of colonic neoplasia and suggests that their expression may be important at the adenoma stage of colonic neoplasia .
we found frequent expression of all the xenobiotic metabolising enzymes studied in colonic adenomas showing that an [raise] in the expression of these enzymes is a comparatively early molecular event during the development of colonic neoplasia and suggests that their expression may be important at the adenoma stage of colonic neoplasia .

Normal  with villus to crypt ratio greater than 2:1 , in the presence or absence of Brunner 's glands above the muscularis mucosa , but without any increase in the numbers of inflammatory cells .
normal  with villus to crypt ratio greater than 2:1 , in the presence or absence of brunner 's glands above the muscularis mucosa , but without any [raise] in the numbers of inflammatory cells .

Acute exposure to NSAIDs is also known to stimulate gastric acid secretion , which , at least in theory , should increase the prevalence of gastric metaplasia .
acute exposure to nsaids is also known to stimulate gastric acid secretion , which , at least in theory , should [raise] the prevalence of gastric metaplasia .

The increase in both forearm and spinal bone mineral density achieved statistical significance in absolute units , percentage per annum , and also in the Z-score .
the [raise] in both forearm and spinal bone mineral density achieved statistical significance in absolute units , percentage per annum , and also in the z-score .

The result was a substantial increase in survival partly because of surgery and partly because of the greatly improved general care that infants received .
the result was a substantial [raise] in survival partly because of surgery and partly because of the greatly improved general care that infants received .

There is no information on the carriage rates for this organism but the apparent increase is of concern , as is its potential to cause invasive disease in some patients .
there is no information on the carriage rates for this organism but the apparent [raise] is of concern , as is its potential to cause invasive disease in some patients .

Once released from the heart , natriuretic peptides exert potent direct vasodilator and natriuretic actions by virtue of their ability to increase their intracellular second messenger cGMP .
once released from the heart , natriuretic peptides exert potent direct vasodilator and natriuretic actions by virtue of their ability to [raise] their intracellular second messenger cgmp .

Decreasing COHb values led to a slight increase of SpO , as would be expected by the formula SpO= ( OHb+0.9COHb ) /total Hb100 % , according to Tremper and Barker .
decreasing cohb values led to a slight [raise] of spo , as would be expected by the formula spo= ( ohb+0.9cohb ) /total hb100 % , according to tremper and barker .

As can be seen , although the response is variable , all patients showed an increase in titre .
as can be seen , although the response is variable , all patients showed an [raise] in titre .

This represented a significant increase in Gloucester 's power in the region , but not necessarily a corresponding decrease in royal authority .
this represented a significant [raise] in gloucester 's power in the region , but not necessarily a corresponding decrease in royal authority .

It was recognized that the young king was particularly close to his mother 's family , and there was therefore a danger that the coronation of the young king would be followed by an increase in the family 's power .
it was recognized that the young king was particularly close to his mother 's family , and there was therefore a danger that the coronation of the young king would be followed by an [raise] in the family 's power .

One is that Hastings was unhappy with Gloucester 's wish to extend his power as protector beyond the coronation , but this seems illogical when the available evidence suggests that Hastings had earlier welcomed Gloucester as a bulwark against the increase in Woodville power likely to follow the young king 's nominal assumption of authority .
one is that hastings was unhappy with gloucester 's wish to extend his power as protector beyond the coronation , but this seems illogical when the available evidence suggests that hastings had earlier welcomed gloucester as a bulwark against the [raise] in woodville power likely to follow the young king 's nominal assumption of authority .

Subjects were then asked to carry out the following manoeuvres : ( 1 ) maximum voluntary contraction of the sphincter for 20 seconds ; ( 2 ) strain as if to defecate for at least five seconds ; and ( 3 ) increase intra-abdominal pressure by forcibly expiring against a resistance ( blowing up a party baloon ) .
subjects were then asked to carry out the following manoeuvres : ( 1 ) maximum voluntary contraction of the sphincter for 20 seconds ; ( 2 ) strain as if to defecate for at least five seconds ; and ( 3 ) [raise] intra-abdominal pressure by forcibly expiring against a resistance ( blowing up a party baloon ) .

In all control and spinal patients studied , there was an initial increase in external anal sphincter electromyographic activity on insertion of the anorectal tube which then declined in concert with the anal pressure to reach a stable baseline .
in all control and spinal patients studied , there was an initial [raise] in external anal sphincter electromyographic activity on insertion of the anorectal tube which then declined in concert with the anal pressure to reach a stable baseline .

Increasing intra-abdominal pressure by asking subjects to blow up a balloon produced an increase in anal pressure in both controls and spinal patients , returning to the baseline after the action ceased .
increasing intra-abdominal pressure by asking subjects to blow up a balloon produced an [raise] in anal pressure in both controls and spinal patients , returning to the baseline after the action ceased .

In spinal patients , rectal distension caused an immediate increase in external anal sphincter activity , which never lasted longer than 10 seconds ( Fig 6 ) .
in spinal patients , rectal distension caused an immediate [raise] in external anal sphincter activity , which never lasted longer than 10 seconds ( fig 6 ) .

Increases in intra-abdominal pressure induced by inflating a balloon by mouth normally generate a compensatory increase in external anal sphincter activity that enhances the anal pressure barrier and maintains continence .
increases in intra-abdominal pressure induced by inflating a balloon by mouth normally generate a compensatory [raise] in external anal sphincter activity that enhances the anal pressure barrier and maintains continence .

This response is attenuated in patients with supraconal lesions , and is very strongly linked to the increase in intra-abdominal pressure ; the higher the lesion , the lower the intra-abdominal pressure generated , and the lower the external anal sphincter response .
this response is attenuated in patients with supraconal lesions , and is very strongly linked to the [raise] in intra-abdominal pressure ; the higher the lesion , the lower the intra-abdominal pressure generated , and the lower the external anal sphincter response .

Stimulation of the sympathetic nerves is known to increase internal anal sphincter tone and inhibit colorectal contraction .
stimulation of the sympathetic nerves is known to [raise] internal anal sphincter tone and inhibit colorectal contraction .

The ability to visualise the stomach in the fed state may help to increase our knowledge of gastric function , especially in tracing the passage of gastric chyme during the initial stages of digestion .
the ability to visualise the stomach in the fed state may help to [raise] our knowledge of gastric function , especially in tracing the passage of gastric chyme during the initial stages of digestion .

cAMP concentrations were acetylated before measurement to increase the sensitivity of the assay .
camp concentrations were acetylated before measurement to [raise] the sensitivity of the assay .

Indeed it has been proposed thatany increase in permeability in patients with inflammatory bowel disease results from polymorphonuclear transmigration through the intestinal mucosa .
indeed it has been proposed thatany [raise] in permeability in patients with inflammatory bowel disease results from polymorphonuclear transmigration through the intestinal mucosa .

Patients with duodenal ulcer showed a significant increase , in both absolute and percentage values , in phosphatidylcholine , phosphatidylethanolamine , and phosphatidylserine , and a decrease in phosphatidylinositol and lysolecithin compared with controls .
patients with duodenal ulcer showed a significant [raise] , in both absolute and percentage values , in phosphatidylcholine , phosphatidylethanolamine , and phosphatidylserine , and a decrease in phosphatidylinositol and lysolecithin compared with controls .

The group of chronic atrophic gastritis patients had a reduction in total phospholipids and in lysolecithin , phosphatidylethanolamine and phosphatidylinositol , and an absolute and percentage increase in phosphatidylcholine ; variations in the other phospholipid classes were not significant .
the group of chronic atrophic gastritis patients had a reduction in total phospholipids and in lysolecithin , phosphatidylethanolamine and phosphatidylinositol , and an absolute and percentage [raise] in phosphatidylcholine ; variations in the other phospholipid classes were not significant .

The widest variations were seen in chronic atrophic gastritis : a lysolecithin decrease and a phosphatidylcholine increase much greater than in duodenal ulcer .
the widest variations were seen in chronic atrophic gastritis : a lysolecithin decrease and a phosphatidylcholine [raise] much greater than in duodenal ulcer .

There was a small but significant increase in phosphatidylethanolamine in duodenal ulcer patients compared with controls , whereas the lipid component was consistently and significantly lower in chronic atrophic gastritis patients .
there was a small but significant [raise] in phosphatidylethanolamine in duodenal ulcer patients compared with controls , whereas the lipid component was consistently and significantly lower in chronic atrophic gastritis patients .

In 1986 , Orchard and Bickerstaff reported a reduction in all phospholipid classes , particularly phosphatidylcholine , in gastritis and especially in gastric ulcer patients compared with controls , whereas we found a significant phosphatidylcholine increase in both chronic atrophic gastritis and duodenal ulcer patients .
in 1986 , orchard and bickerstaff reported a reduction in all phospholipid classes , particularly phosphatidylcholine , in gastritis and especially in gastric ulcer patients compared with controls , whereas we found a significant phosphatidylcholine [raise] in both chronic atrophic gastritis and duodenal ulcer patients .

Carbachol ( 0.1 mol/l ) infusion produced a significant ( p < 0.01 ) threefold increase in motor activity ; 306 ( 74 ) mm Hg/min .
carbachol ( 0.1 mol/l ) infusion produced a significant ( p < 0.01 ) threefold [raise] in motor activity ; 306 ( 74 ) mm hg/min .

In man portal venous bile salt concentrations increase from 22.2 mol/l during fasting to 170 mol/l after meals .
in man portal venous bile salt concentrations [raise] from 22.2 mol/l during fasting to 170 mol/l after meals .

The main findings of this study can be summarised as follows : ( 1 ) patients with adenomatous colorectal polyps generally showed a significant increase in the cytoproliferative activity of the most superficial portions of the rectal crypts compared with controls ; ( b ) this difference was primarily the result of an appreciable upward shift of replicating cells in patients destined to suffer from recurrent polyps ; the proliferative pattern of patients whose polyps did not recur after initial polypectomies were essentially similar to those of controls ; ( c ) the proliferative pattern of flat rectal mucosa did not change appreciably during the follow up period regardless of whether polyps recurred or not .
the main findings of this study can be summarised as follows : ( 1 ) patients with adenomatous colorectal polyps generally showed a significant [raise] in the cytoproliferative activity of the most superficial portions of the rectal crypts compared with controls ; ( b ) this difference was primarily the result of an appreciable upward shift of replicating cells in patients destined to suffer from recurrent polyps ; the proliferative pattern of patients whose polyps did not recur after initial polypectomies were essentially similar to those of controls ; ( c ) the proliferative pattern of flat rectal mucosa did not change appreciably during the follow up period regardless of whether polyps recurred or not .

On the other hand , this heterogeneity between risk groups might reflect the existence of constitutionally distinct subgroups within a population that has different forms of susceptibility to adenoma development : one with generalised and noticeable proliferative anomalies throughout the entire colonic epithelium that produce an increase tendency toward recidivism , and a second , less recidivant subgroup in whom polyp development is not preceded by the generalised pattern of hyperproliferation seen in the first group but by other types of alterations as yet unidentified .
on the other hand , this heterogeneity between risk groups might reflect the existence of constitutionally distinct subgroups within a population that has different forms of susceptibility to adenoma development : one with generalised and noticeable proliferative anomalies throughout the entire colonic epithelium that produce an [raise] tendency toward recidivism , and a second , less recidivant subgroup in whom polyp development is not preceded by the generalised pattern of hyperproliferation seen in the first group but by other types of alterations as yet unidentified .

Elemental ( aminoacid based ) diets were initially introduced as primary treatment of active Crohn 's disease because of their hypoallergenicity , because it was considered that whole protein may act as a dietary antigens and increase the immune stimuli to the gut .
elemental ( aminoacid based ) diets were initially introduced as primary treatment of active crohn 's disease because of their hypoallergenicity , because it was considered that whole protein may act as a dietary antigens and [raise] the immune stimuli to the gut .

The current study confirms the improvement in linear growth velocity with an elemental diet despite a more sustained increase in energy intake with steroids .
the current study confirms the improvement in linear growth velocity with an elemental diet despite a more sustained [raise] in energy intake with steroids .

The increase in the serum insulin concentration after steroid treatment may reflect increased energy intake or induction of insulin resistance .
the [raise] in the serum insulin concentration after steroid treatment may reflect increased energy intake or induction of insulin resistance .

The recent and , according to our knowledge , the only previous nationwide survey from Scotland showed an appreciable increase in the incidence of pancreatitis between 1961 and 1985 .
the recent and , according to our knowledge , the only previous nationwide survey from scotland showed an appreciable [raise] in the incidence of pancreatitis between 1961 and 1985 .

In Finland alcohol consumption has shown an increase up to the 1990s , which is in contrast with other European countries .
in finland alcohol consumption has shown an [raise] up to the 1990s , which is in contrast with other european countries .

According to the official statistics the population in Finland increased from 4598300 in 1970 to 4974400 in 1989 , the average annual increase being 0.4 % .
according to the official statistics the population in finland increased from 4598300 in 1970 to 4974400 in 1989 , the average annual [raise] being 0.4 % .

Alcohol consumption per inhabitant increased from 1.9 to 7.6 litres ( fourfold increase ) during 196089 ( Fig 1 ) .
alcohol consumption per inhabitant increased from 1.9 to 7.6 litres ( fourfold [raise] ) during 196089 ( fig 1 ) .

The increase took place only in men , whereas in women the incidence slightly decreased ( Fig 2 ) .
the [raise] took place only in men , whereas in women the incidence slightly decreased ( fig 2 ) .

The incidence of chronic pancreatitis discharges increased from 10.4 to 13.4 ( increase 26 % ) between 197789 ) .
the incidence of chronic pancreatitis discharges increased from 10.4 to 13.4 ( [raise] 26 % ) between 197789 ) .

The incidence of discharges because of liver cirrhosis in Finland increased from 26.4 to 49.4/ 100000/year ( increase 87 % ) from 1970 to 1989 ( Fig 5 ) .
the incidence of discharges because of liver cirrhosis in finland increased from 26.4 to 49.4/ 100000/year ( [raise] 87 % ) from 1970 to 1989 ( fig 5 ) .

The most noticeable increase in discharges as a result of liver cirrhosis occurred between 198689 .
the most noticeable [raise] in discharges as a result of liver cirrhosis occurred between 198689 .

This increase may be caused by the increased alcohol consumption in the country because most pancreatitis episodes are caused by alcohol in Finnish studies .
this [raise] may be caused by the increased alcohol consumption in the country because most pancreatitis episodes are caused by alcohol in finnish studies .

It could also be because there was also a noticeable increase in the incidence of liver cirrhosis discharges during this period and the most liver cirrhosis cases are also caused by alcohol abuse in Finland .
it could also be because there was also a noticeable [raise] in the incidence of liver cirrhosis discharges during this period and the most liver cirrhosis cases are also caused by alcohol abuse in finland .

This is in agreement with the previous findings that the increase in the alcohol consumption in Finland has been particularly attributed to the increase in the number of heavy drinkers , and that the heavy drinkers are the group that may be more vulnerable to pancreatitis .
this is in agreement with the previous findings that the [raise] in the alcohol consumption in finland has been particularly attributed to the [raise] in the number of heavy drinkers , and that the heavy drinkers are the group that may be more vulnerable to pancreatitis .

Furthermore , in comparison with men the incidence of pancreatitis discharges in women did not increase between 1970 and 1989 .
furthermore , in comparison with men the incidence of pancreatitis discharges in women did not [raise] between 1970 and 1989 .

As most pancreatitis episodes in men are caused by alcohol abuse , and as the increase in the incidence of pancreatitis discharges took place particularly in men between 2564 years of age , and this group consumes most of the alcohol in the country , it is suggested that the increased alcohol consumption and the increased incidence of pancreatitis discharges may have a causal relation .
as most pancreatitis episodes in men are caused by alcohol abuse , and as the [raise] in the incidence of pancreatitis discharges took place particularly in men between 2564 years of age , and this group consumes most of the alcohol in the country , it is suggested that the increased alcohol consumption and the increased incidence of pancreatitis discharges may have a causal relation .

These improvements in diagnosis may also have an effect on the incidence of gall stone disease discharges , and thus could cause a false impression of increase in gall stone disease discharges ( Fig 5 ) .
these improvements in diagnosis may also have an effect on the incidence of gall stone disease discharges , and thus could cause a false impression of [raise] in gall stone disease discharges ( fig 5 ) .

In four of the five patients an increase in baseline pressure of 510 mm Hg preceded the peristaltic contractions .
in four of the five patients an [raise] in baseline pressure of 510 mm hg preceded the peristaltic contractions .

By contrast there seems to be no increase , or even a decrease , in less serious gastric mucosal injury .
by contrast there seems to be no [raise] , or even a decrease , in less serious gastric mucosal injury .

It is based on the rationale that patients can be trained to increase the anal sphincter contractile capability in response to rectal distension , if a residual rectal sensation is present .
it is based on the rationale that patients can be trained to [raise] the anal sphincter contractile capability in response to rectal distension , if a residual rectal sensation is present .

They were pleased with the results and reported an increase in their social activities .
they were pleased with the results and reported an [raise] in their social activities .

Training was associated with normalisation of external anal sphincter phasic contraction and with an increase in squeeze duration in all patients .
training was associated with normalisation of external anal sphincter phasic contraction and with an [raise] in squeeze duration in all patients .

There was a definite increase in some abdominal symptoms , namely bloating , incomplete evacuation , and straining to finish , but all these symptoms occur with constipation as well as irritable bowel syndrome .
there was a definite [raise] in some abdominal symptoms , namely bloating , incomplete evacuation , and straining to finish , but all these symptoms occur with constipation as well as irritable bowel syndrome .

This study was carried out to compare the serum concentrations of laminin in patients with cirrhosis with comprehensive clinical and laboratory tests in each patient to identify the factors associated with the increase of this glycoprotein .
this study was carried out to compare the serum concentrations of laminin in patients with cirrhosis with comprehensive clinical and laboratory tests in each patient to identify the factors associated with the [raise] of this glycoprotein .

We do not believe that cholestasis is an important factor in the increase in laminin despite the significant correlation found with bilirubin and alkaline phosphatase , because alkaline phosphatase activity was not significantly associated with laminin in the multivariate analysis .
we do not believe that cholestasis is an important factor in the [raise] in laminin despite the significant correlation found with bilirubin and alkaline phosphatase , because alkaline phosphatase activity was not significantly associated with laminin in the multivariate analysis .

The increase in laminin concentrations in these patients could be due to increased synthesis by Ito cells .
the [raise] in laminin concentrations in these patients could be due to increased synthesis by ito cells .

The chronic response occurs when the initial increase in cell proliferation fails to compensate for the cell loss .
the chronic response occurs when the initial [raise] in cell proliferation fails to compensate for the cell loss .

Inclusion criteria were the classical clinical findings of acute pancreatitis ( abdominal pain and tenderness , nausea , and vomiting ) and more than a twofold increase in urinary amylase activity ( in 34 patients the increase was more than threefold ) .
inclusion criteria were the classical clinical findings of acute pancreatitis ( abdominal pain and tenderness , nausea , and vomiting ) and more than a twofold [raise] in urinary amylase activity ( in 34 patients the [raise] was more than threefold ) .

The syn-PLA2 and cat-PLA2 values of patients with the necrotising form of acute pancreatitis had a slight tendency to increase during the first six days whereas the values in patients with oedematous acute pancreatitis decreased .
the syn-pla2 and cat-pla2 values of patients with the necrotising form of acute pancreatitis had a slight tendency to [raise] during the first six days whereas the values in patients with oedematous acute pancreatitis decreased .

This finding suggests that the increase in mucosal resistance produced by adaptive cytoprotection becomes much stronger in linoleic or eicosapentaenoic acid fed rats than in those fed the oleic acid diet .
this finding suggests that the [raise] in mucosal resistance produced by adaptive cytoprotection becomes much stronger in linoleic or eicosapentaenoic acid fed rats than in those fed the oleic acid diet .

For example , progesterone impairs gall bladder contractility , and oestrogens may increase cholesterol saturation of bile and gall bladder prostaglandin synthesis , and thus possibly mucin secretion by the gall bladder mucosa .
for example , progesterone impairs gall bladder contractility , and oestrogens may [raise] cholesterol saturation of bile and gall bladder prostaglandin synthesis , and thus possibly mucin secretion by the gall bladder mucosa .

On the other hand it is possible thatsuch a diagnostic suspicion bias accounts for the modest increase in risk among current users but not former users of the pill , although previous work has suggested that this pattern of risk may be due to an accelerating effect of the pill .
on the other hand it is possible thatsuch a diagnostic suspicion bias accounts for the modest [raise] in risk among current users but not former users of the pill , although previous work has suggested that this pattern of risk may be due to an accelerating effect of the pill .

Two large population surveys with ultrasound to detect gall bladder disease have also shown an increase in the overall prevalence of gall bladder disease among male but not female smokers , although the findings were not clear cut .
two large population surveys with ultrasound to detect gall bladder disease have also shown an [raise] in the overall prevalence of gall bladder disease among male but not female smokers , although the findings were not clear cut .

Previous reports have found that parity did not increase the risk of symptomatic gall bladder disease , increased the risk after a single pregnancy , or only increased the risk after several pregnancies .
previous reports have found that parity did not [raise] the risk of symptomatic gall bladder disease , increased the risk after a single pregnancy , or only increased the risk after several pregnancies .

Early studies of the effects of oral contraceptives suggested that the pill was associated with a large increase in risk of symptomatic gall bladder disease .
early studies of the effects of oral contraceptives suggested that the pill was associated with a large [raise] in risk of symptomatic gall bladder disease .

Our results suggest that at most , current use of the pill is associated with only a small increase in risk of clinical gall bladder disease , which disappears after stopping the pill .
our results suggest that at most , current use of the pill is associated with only a small [raise] in risk of clinical gall bladder disease , which disappears after stopping the pill .

Members will increase their skills of managing people at the most senior levels and increase their expertise in corporate strategy concepts and processes .
members will [raise] their skills of managing people at the most senior levels and [raise] their expertise in corporate strategy concepts and processes .

There are hints that in the country there was a higher survival rate from about the 1470s , but in Bristol and Worcester it appears that there was no marked population increase until about 1510 ( 59 ; 75 , pp.289 ) .
there are hints that in the country there was a higher survival rate from about the 1470s , but in bristol and worcester it appears that there was no marked population [raise] until about 1510 ( 59 ; 75 , pp.289 ) .

The increase in wages , however , seems to have persisted even in periods when there was a dearth of money , and Hatcher is prepared to accept the general line of the arguments put forward in Postan 's pioneering article of 1950 that population decline was the greatest single factor in bringing about these economic changes ( 75 , pp.4754 ) .
the [raise] in wages , however , seems to have persisted even in periods when there was a dearth of money , and hatcher is prepared to accept the general line of the arguments put forward in postan 's pioneering article of 1950 that population decline was the greatest single factor in bringing about these economic changes ( 75 , pp.4754 ) .

Despite the extent of mortality in the first onset of the plague ( and the evidence of heriot payments on the Winchester manors shows a death-rate there of at least 50 per cent ) , wages did not increase startlingly , and until about 1370 there was a rise in rents which corresponded with that in prices ( 60 ) .
despite the extent of mortality in the first onset of the plague ( and the evidence of heriot payments on the winchester manors shows a death-rate there of at least 50 per cent ) , wages did not [raise] startlingly , and until about 1370 there was a rise in rents which corresponded with that in prices ( 60 ) .

As we move on to the fifteenth century , it is hard to judge the extent or the severity of individual outbreaks of plague or of other diseases , but it is probable that some of the epidemics which occurred in urban centres , where plague was most common , were on a sufficient scale to outweigh any natural increase in the population .
as we move on to the fifteenth century , it is hard to judge the extent or the severity of individual outbreaks of plague or of other diseases , but it is probable that some of the epidemics which occurred in urban centres , where plague was most common , were on a sufficient scale to outweigh any natural [raise] in the population .

Indeed , a series of bad harvests in the 1350s and 1360s , which increased food prices , may have been partly responsible for deferring the increase in real wages following the Black Death .
indeed , a series of bad harvests in the 1350s and 1360s , which increased food prices , may have been partly responsible for deferring the [raise] in real wages following the black death .

These disagreements themselves make it clear that there can have been no dramatic recovery which compensated for the losses from the fourteenth-century plagues ; any such marked increase would have left no scope for argument .
these disagreements themselves make it clear that there can have been no dramatic recovery which compensated for the losses from the fourteenth-century plagues ; any such marked [raise] would have left no scope for argument .

It also tended to increase the cost of land more markedly in this region than elsewhere .
it also tended to [raise] the cost of land more markedly in this region than elsewhere .

These measures probably had a foundation in genuine agricultural unrest  the court rolls of St Albans Abbey record an increase in the number of fugitive villeins in the 1350s but in most places the records suggest that survivors of the epidemic took up vacant holdings , at least those on land of reasonable quality , so it appears that the population surplus from the period before the Black Death still sufficed to provide a reservoir of possible tenants .
these measures probably had a foundation in genuine agricultural unrest  the court rolls of st albans abbey record an [raise] in the number of fugitive villeins in the 1350s but in most places the records suggest that survivors of the epidemic took up vacant holdings , at least those on land of reasonable quality , so it appears that the population surplus from the period before the black death still sufficed to provide a reservoir of possible tenants .

This was to lead to an increase in real wages and to a decline in rents for land , and in so far as these can be used to measure the standard of living of the people , they suggest that the condition of the peasantry improved markedly in the fifteenth century .
this was to lead to an [raise] in real wages and to a decline in rents for land , and in so far as these can be used to measure the standard of living of the people , they suggest that the condition of the peasantry improved markedly in the fifteenth century .

It is clear that there was considerable freedom in the peasant land-market , so that individuals were able to buy parcels of land and increase their own holdings .
it is clear that there was considerable freedom in the peasant land-market , so that individuals were able to buy parcels of land and [raise] their own holdings .

In 1389 , after fourteen years of Wakefield 's episcopate they were 465 , in 1412 , after five of Peverell 's they were 252 , and in 1454 , after ten of Carpenter 's they were 1194 , representing respectively an average annual increase in arrears of 33 , 50 and 119 .
in 1389 , after fourteen years of wakefield 's episcopate they were 465 , in 1412 , after five of peverell 's they were 252 , and in 1454 , after ten of carpenter 's they were 1194 , representing respectively an average annual [raise] in arrears of 33 , 50 and 119 .

The fiscal evidence also points to an increase in its wealth in relation to the country as a whole : between 1334 and 1515 the assessed wealth of the city increased fifteenfold in absolute terms , and from 2 per cent to 8.9 per cent of the assessed wealth of the nation as a whole ( 101 ) .
the fiscal evidence also points to an [raise] in its wealth in relation to the country as a whole : between 1334 and 1515 the assessed wealth of the city increased fifteenfold in absolute terms , and from 2 per cent to 8.9 per cent of the assessed wealth of the nation as a whole ( 101 ) .

, an increase of just under 6 per cent .
, an [raise] of just under 6 per cent .

At the beginning of the sixteenth century those of the vicars-choral showed a slight increase , but this was short-lived , and after the first decade there was yet a further decline ( 56 ) .
at the beginning of the sixteenth century those of the vicars-choral showed a slight [raise] , but this was short-lived , and after the first decade there was yet a further decline ( 56 ) .

The most dramatic of these increases in percentage terms are , not surprisingly , to be found where the earlier payment was small , as at Lavenham , Totnes and Tiverton , but even major centres such as Norwich and Coventry , which had been assessed at quite a high level in 1334 , showed a percentage increase above the national average .
the most dramatic of these increases in percentage terms are , not surprisingly , to be found where the earlier payment was small , as at lavenham , totnes and tiverton , but even major centres such as norwich and coventry , which had been assessed at quite a high level in 1334 , showed a percentage [raise] above the national average .

On the other hand , there were towns where the increase was small , such as York , Lincoln and Bristol , or even non-existent such as Boston ( 61 , pp.11213 ) .
on the other hand , there were towns where the [raise] was small , such as york , lincoln and bristol , or even non-existent such as boston ( 61 , pp.11213 ) .

Preconditioning with brief periods of ischaemia has now been shown to increase the heart 's resistance to infarction in numerous species , including rabbit , rat , and pig .
preconditioning with brief periods of ischaemia has now been shown to [raise] the heart 's resistance to infarction in numerous species , including rabbit , rat , and pig .

Although small , this increase in survival , together with an improved quality of life , suggests that polychemotherapy should be recommended for patients with non-resectable non small cell lung cancer .
although small , this [raise] in survival , together with an improved quality of life , suggests that polychemotherapy should be recommended for patients with non-resectable non small cell lung cancer .

Several attempts either to increase the efficacy of plasminogen activators or to reduce their clearance have been undertaken .
several attempts either to [raise] the efficacy of plasminogen activators or to reduce their clearance have been undertaken .

With unemployment rising steadily and currently standing at around 5 million , and inflation running at 70 % per annum , the country can ill afford a rapid increase in population .
with unemployment rising steadily and currently standing at around 5 million , and inflation running at 70 % per annum , the country can ill afford a rapid [raise] in population .

The almost identical risk pattern for reinfarction and mortality shows that discontinuing heparin is not associated with any increase in the risk of reinfarction or death .
the almost identical risk pattern for reinfarction and mortality shows that discontinuing heparin is not associated with any [raise] in the risk of reinfarction or death .

Serial intestinal permeability and absorption studies have shown no abnormal permeability to Cr-EDTA and a steady increase in C-labelled mannitol absorption to normal ( > 10 % of the oral dose absorbed ) .
serial intestinal permeability and absorption studies have shown no abnormal permeability to cr-edta and a steady [raise] in c-labelled mannitol absorption to normal ( > 10 % of the oral dose absorbed ) .

Answer guide : Increase the bank column and increase the owners ' equity column .
answer guide : [raise] the bank column and [raise] the owners ' equity column .

Answer guide : Increase the bank column by 350 and increase the profit and loss column by 350 for sales as in this case the earnings process is complete and receipt of money is certain .
answer guide : [raise] the bank column by 350 and [raise] the profit and loss column by 350 for sales as in this case the earnings process is complete and receipt of money is certain .

open an asset column for the car and increase the owners ' equity by the cost to the business of the car .
open an asset column for the car and [raise] the owners ' equity by the cost to the business of the car .

If we assume that the customer has paid for the goods then the first entries would have been to increase the bank by 600 and include in the profit and 1088 account sales of 600 .
if we assume that the customer has paid for the goods then the first entries would have been to [raise] the bank by 600 and include in the profit and 1088 account sales of 600 .

Answer guide : As the cost of the goods sold , especially with a small business , is often calculated by taking the opening stock plus purchases less closing stock , the effect would be to reduce the cost of sales figure and thereby increase profit .
answer guide : as the cost of the goods sold , especially with a small business , is often calculated by taking the opening stock plus purchases less closing stock , the effect would be to reduce the cost of sales figure and thereby [raise] profit .

Answer guide : Increase in cost of goods sold figure and decrease in profit .
answer guide : [raise] in cost of goods sold figure and decrease in profit .

Balance sheet  increase assets and liabilities .
balance sheet  [raise] assets and liabilities .

Balance sheet  increase one asset and reduce another .
balance sheet  [raise] one asset and reduce another .

Answer guide : Increase the asset bank and reduce the asset debtors .
answer guide : [raise] the asset bank and reduce the asset debtors .

Balance sheet  increase one asset and reduce another .
balance sheet  [raise] one asset and reduce another .

Balance sheet  reduce one asset and perhaps increase another .
balance sheet  reduce one asset and perhaps [raise] another .

Answer guide : Record an asset debtor and record revenue in the Profit and loss Balance sheet  increase the asset debtor . Profit and loss  record sale as revenue
answer guide : record an asset debtor and record revenue in the profit and loss balance sheet  [raise] the asset debtor . profit and loss  record sale as revenue

Balance sheet  increase one asset and reduce another .
balance sheet  [raise] one asset and reduce another .

Answer guide : Record an asset in the bank and increase the owner 's equity .
answer guide : record an asset in the bank and [raise] the owner 's equity .

Balance sheet  increase an asset and the owner 's equity .
balance sheet  [raise] an asset and the owner 's equity .

Answer guide : Record increase in stock and creditors .
answer guide : record [raise] in stock and creditors .

the gross profit has declined with a marked decline in 1988 and this has been accompanied by an increase in interest over the last years .
the gross profit has declined with a marked decline in 1988 and this has been accompanied by an [raise] in interest over the last years .

Similarly there has been an increase in the reliance on long-term debt .
similarly there has been an [raise] in the reliance on long-term debt .

and to ask students to explain why a comparatively modest increase in the proportion of debt finance leads to the change in interest charges experienced by Belper .
and to ask students to explain why a comparatively modest [raise] in the proportion of debt finance leads to the change in interest charges experienced by belper .

Answer guide : Here you would need the information contained in the projections which provide the profit target so that you could attempt to improve on the profit either by increasing sales , or adjusting the staffing of your outlet to reduce the costs and thereby increase the profit .
answer guide : here you would need the information contained in the projections which provide the profit target so that you could attempt to improve on the profit either by increasing sales , or adjusting the staffing of your outlet to reduce the costs and thereby [raise] the profit .

Direct materials increase by 20%
direct materials [raise] by 20%

Direct labour costs increase by 1 per hour
direct labour costs [raise] by 1 per hour

( b ) ( i ) The new break even point : increase in costs :
( b ) ( i ) the new break even point : [raise] in costs :

If the Managing Director of Cords Plc were to require that next year 's profit show a 15% increase over last year 's performance , how many pairs of trousers would have to be sold each month ( i ) assuming that the Sales Director 's policies were adopted and ( ii ) assuming that they were not adopted .
if the managing director of cords plc were to require that next year 's profit show a 15% [raise] over last year 's performance , how many pairs of trousers would have to be sold each month ( i ) assuming that the sales director 's policies were adopted and ( ii ) assuming that they were not adopted .

 Small increase in profits , by 160 ( 1.4% )
 small [raise] in profits , by 160 ( 1.4% )

 What is the likelihood that sales will , indeed , increase to 5,800 units ( 24% increase ) .
 what is the likelihood that sales will , indeed , [raise] to 5,800 units ( 24% [raise] ) .

Required profit 15% increase  11,040  1.15 = 12,696 .
required profit 15% [raise]  11,040  1.15 = 12,696 .

For example , a firm has the opportunity to increase its product range ; however , an additional building would have to be rented for production purposes .
for example , a firm has the opportunity to [raise] its product range ; however , an additional building would have to be rented for production purposes .

In these circumstances this cost would therefore be relevant in the decision whether to increase the range of products .
in these circumstances this cost would therefore be relevant in the decision whether to [raise] the range of products .

Therefore the company could increase their capacity by another 4,444 units if they 80 wished .
therefore the company could [raise] their capacity by another 4,444 units if they 80 wished .

Calculators Plc should accept the special order , assuming that fixed costs are irrelevant , because it would increase their total contribution by 1,600 .
calculators plc should accept the special order , assuming that fixed costs are irrelevant , because it would [raise] their total contribution by 1,600 .

It should be noted that there is possibly another option , that is for the company to increase its capacity .
it should be noted that there is possibly another option , that is for the company to [raise] its capacity .

However , it is likely that fixed costs would increase , but we have no available information to assess this possible option .
however , it is likely that fixed costs would [raise] , but we have no available information to assess this possible option .

Fixed overheads of the company are expected to increase by 2,000 per year as a result of manufacturing and selling Abrasive .
fixed overheads of the company are expected to [raise] by 2,000 per year as a result of manufacturing and selling abrasive .

Cost of labour increases by 20% ; prices increase by 10% ; and the number of labour hours is now reduced to 600 .
cost of labour increases by 20% ; prices [raise] by 10% ; and the number of labour hours is now reduced to 600 .

Just a short while ago she had thought that nothing could increase the feeling of dread that Andrew had left behind him in the drawing-room .
just a short while ago she had thought that nothing could [raise] the feeling of dread that andrew had left behind him in the drawing-room .

We used bilateral intrahippocampal microdialysis to test the hypothesis that an increase in extracellular glutamate may trigger spontaneous seizures .
we used bilateral intrahippocampal microdialysis to test the hypothesis that an [raise] in extracellular glutamate may trigger spontaneous seizures .

Similarly , Carlson et al found an increase in aspartate and glutamate by microdialysis during intraoperative recording .
similarly , carlson et al found an [raise] in aspartate and glutamate by microdialysis during intraoperative recording .

Since perfusion of glutamate into the hippocampus in vivo induces seizures , our results suggest that an increase in endogenous extracellular fluid glutamate may do the same .
since perfusion of glutamate into the hippocampus in vivo induces seizures , our results suggest that an [raise] in endogenous extracellular fluid glutamate may do the same .

Although in practice this means that some patients with chronic stable renal failure would have been referred for rapid investigation and diagnosis , we believe that this is preferable to taking a lower cut-off for carbamylated haemoglobin , such as 125 g VH/g Hb which would reduce sensitivity to 80 % but increase specificity to 75 % , since this would exclude some patients with a potentially reversible element to their renal failure that may not be so readily reversible if investigation and appropriate management were delayed .
although in practice this means that some patients with chronic stable renal failure would have been referred for rapid investigation and diagnosis , we believe that this is preferable to taking a lower cut-off for carbamylated haemoglobin , such as 125 g vh/g hb which would reduce sensitivity to 80 % but [raise] specificity to 75 % , since this would exclude some patients with a potentially reversible element to their renal failure that may not be so readily reversible if investigation and appropriate management were delayed .

The increase of observed over expected numbers was significant ( p < 0.001 ) , with a relative risk of 444 ( 1211138 ) .
the [raise] of observed over expected numbers was significant ( p < 0.001 ) , with a relative risk of 444 ( 1211138 ) .

With both lysine analogues and aprotinin , more postoperative myocardial infarctions have been reported in treated patients although the increase is not statistically significant .
with both lysine analogues and aprotinin , more postoperative myocardial infarctions have been reported in treated patients although the [raise] is not statistically significant .

While there is still some debate about whether or not anorexia nervosa has become more prevalent , there can be no doubt that there has been an enormous increase in research interest into this subject .
while there is still some debate about whether or not anorexia nervosa has become more prevalent , there can be no doubt that there has been an enormous [raise] in research interest into this subject .

But unsuccessful outpatient treatment can significantly increase the risk that the patient will become invalided at home .
but unsuccessful outpatient treatment can significantly [raise] the risk that the patient will become invalided at home .

Many such programmes are unnecessarily harsh and increase isolation by confining the patient to bed .
many such programmes are unnecessarily harsh and [raise] isolation by confining the patient to bed .

Fluoxetine , the serotoninergic reuptake blocker , is a safe alternative , but its onset of action is slow and it may cause an initial increase in anxiety .
fluoxetine , the serotoninergic reuptake blocker , is a safe alternative , but its onset of action is slow and it may cause an initial [raise] in anxiety .

Although there are few data to support the effectiveness of bicarbonate , there are laboratory and clinical data indicating potentially harmful consequences of administration , especially a paradoxical increase in intracellular acidosis due to diffusion of carbon dioxide across cell membranes .
although there are few data to support the effectiveness of bicarbonate , there are laboratory and clinical data indicating potentially harmful consequences of administration , especially a paradoxical [raise] in intracellular acidosis due to diffusion of carbon dioxide across cell membranes .

The Liberal Democrat Party 's proposal in the last election for a 1p increase on income tax for education proved popular .
the liberal democrat party 's proposal in the last election for a 1p [raise] on income tax for education proved popular .

The report calls on donor countries to make a commitment to increase sharply their contributions to make universal access to family planning achievable in the year 2000 .
the report calls on donor countries to make a commitment to [raise] sharply their contributions to make universal access to family planning achievable in the year 2000 .

Indeed Vatn and others have demonstrated that proximal adenomas develop later in life and increase in prevalence and multiplicity at older age .
indeed vatn and others have demonstrated that proximal adenomas develop later in life and [raise] in prevalence and multiplicity at older age .

, for any given transfer , welfare of the recipient may increase to a greater extent ) .
, for any given transfer , welfare of the recipient may [raise] to a greater extent ) .

Since autonomous expenditure helps determine the position ( intercept ) of the curve ( equation 1035 ) , it is clear that an increase in government spending will shift the curve to the right .
since autonomous expenditure helps determine the position ( intercept ) of the curve ( equation 1035 ) , it is clear that an [raise] in government spending will shift the curve to the right .

103 the curve shifts to and both the level of output and the rate of interest increase from , to and , to respectively .
103 the curve shifts to and both the level of output and the rate of interest [raise] from , to and , to respectively .

If the curve is steep the implication is that an increase in government spending increases income , which increases the transactions demand for money , which increases interest rates , which chokes off private investment .
if the curve is steep the implication is that an [raise] in government spending increases income , which increases the transactions demand for money , which increases interest rates , which chokes off private investment .

103 the increase in output is not as great as it would have been if this interest rate effect had not occurred ( in which case the rise in output would be , to , rather than , to ) .
103 the [raise] in output is not as great as it would have been if this interest rate effect had not occurred ( in which case the rise in output would be , to , rather than , to ) .

Of course , if government spending were financed by an increase in the money supply , the curve would also shift to the right to and the interest rate increase might be avoided as the economy would move from to rather than from to .
of course , if government spending were financed by an [raise] in the money supply , the curve would also shift to the right to and the interest rate [raise] might be avoided as the economy would move from to rather than from to .

Wages are seen as flexible upwards but  sticky  downwards , so that rises in can not decrease the real wage rate but falls in can increase it ( illustrated in Fig .
wages are seen as flexible upwards but  sticky  downwards , so that rises in can not decrease the real wage rate but falls in can [raise] it ( illustrated in fig .

If the government increases the money supply to increase the price level to engineer a fall in the real wage , actors can be expected to be fully aware of this and hence to adjust the nominal wage so that no real purchase on the economy can be obtained .
if the government increases the money supply to [raise] the price level to engineer a fall in the real wage , actors can be expected to be fully aware of this and hence to adjust the nominal wage so that no real purchase on the economy can be obtained .

Work-hours increase and the actual level of income rises .
work-hours [raise] and the actual level of income rises .

Welfare losses from centralized provision increase with heterogeneity .
welfare losses from centralized provision [raise] with heterogeneity .

Such costs increase as the population size increases .
such costs [raise] as the population size increases .

the amount by which crowding costs increase as the population increases .
the amount by which crowding costs [raise] as the population increases .

reduction in costs ) associated with increases in the population and of curve as a marginal cost curve associated with an increase in the population .
reduction in costs ) associated with increases in the population and of curve as a marginal cost curve associated with an [raise] in the population .

The total cost may as a consequence increase .
the total cost may as a consequence [raise] .

It shows how costs increase for each resident as the quantity of the local public good increases .
it shows how costs [raise] for each resident as the quantity of the local public good increases .

For a welfare-maximizing equilibrium , the Tiebout mechanism must create a situation whereby it is impossible for any individual to increase utility as a result of changing communities .
for a welfare-maximizing equilibrium , the tiebout mechanism must create a situation whereby it is impossible for any individual to [raise] utility as a result of changing communities .

It is already clear that , for example , if the objective of the central government is to encourage local authority spending in some service , a matching grant will be preferred to a lump-sum grant , even though the lump-sum may increase the welfare of the local authority residents by more than a matching grant .
it is already clear that , for example , if the objective of the central government is to encourage local authority spending in some service , a matching grant will be preferred to a lump-sum grant , even though the lump-sum may [raise] the welfare of the local authority residents by more than a matching grant .

While there is some evidence that matching grants are more stimulative than unconditional grants , the prediction that unconditional grants have the same effects as a lump-sum increase in income is not confirmed .
while there is some evidence that matching grants are more stimulative than unconditional grants , the prediction that unconditional grants have the same effects as a lump-sum [raise] in income is not confirmed .

In either case , public spending should increase by the income elasticity of demand .
in either case , public spending should [raise] by the income elasticity of demand .

With reference to the previous discussion of an unconditional , non-matching grant , it was illustrated that the effect on local spending is just the same as that which arises as a result of an increase in income .
with reference to the previous discussion of an unconditional , non-matching grant , it was illustrated that the effect on local spending is just the same as that which arises as a result of an [raise] in income .

If central government cuts taxes , so that the income of a representative individual increased by the same amount , the increase in local spending should be identical .
if central government cuts taxes , so that the income of a representative individual increased by the same amount , the [raise] in local spending should be identical .

How will an increase in income affect Fig .
how will an [raise] in income affect fig .

He calculates that the marginal increase in public expenditure for a rise in incomes is 01 , while the marginal increase in public expenditure for an increase in intergovernmental grants is 04 .
he calculates that the marginal [raise] in public expenditure for a rise in incomes is 01 , while the marginal [raise] in public expenditure for an [raise] in intergovernmental grants is 04 .

Efficiency is discussed in relation to the wealth tax replacing some income tax or a projected increase in income taxes .
efficiency is discussed in relation to the wealth tax replacing some income tax or a projected [raise] in income taxes .

If the  Maximum links  is less than the links you require , then you need to increase its value .
if the  maximum links  is less than the links you require , then you need to [raise] its value .

To increase these values , execute the following commands , replacing the example values with your calculated values :
to [raise] these values , execute the following commands , replacing the example values with your calculated values :

This is largely due to the increase in the number of module versions retained but it is also due to the overhead in the database management files controlling the database .
this is largely due to the [raise] in the number of module versions retained but it is also due to the overhead in the database management files controlling the database .

It has been estimated that between 1580 and 1650 London probably absorbed half the national increase of England 's population and that about one in every eight English people lived in London at some stage of their lives ; after 1650 the proportion was as high as one in six .
it has been estimated that between 1580 and 1650 london probably absorbed half the national [raise] of england 's population and that about one in every eight english people lived in london at some stage of their lives ; after 1650 the proportion was as high as one in six .

London depended upon its immigrants to sustain its increase , for until the later seventeenth century its death-rates were higher than its birth-rates .
london depended upon its immigrants to sustain its [raise] , for until the later seventeenth century its death-rates were higher than its birth-rates .

Dr Alan Dyer has estimated that the doubling of Worcester 's population between 1563 and 1645 was due in equal part to natural increase and to immigration .
dr alan dyer has estimated that the doubling of worcester 's population between 1563 and 1645 was due in equal part to natural [raise] and to immigration .

The majority of the inhabitants were still the middling farmers of old , but the number of landless cottagers was on the increase .
the majority of the inhabitants were still the middling farmers of old , but the number of landless cottagers was on the [raise] .

Dr Penelope Corfield estimates that the net increase of newcomers into the city reached about 400 per annum during the 1670s and 1680s .
dr penelope corfield estimates that the net [raise] of newcomers into the city reached about 400 per annum during the 1670s and 1680s .

Two of the older sects  the Congregationalists ( Independents ) and the Baptists  responded enthusiastically to the Evangelical Revival and were able to increase their membership dramatically .
two of the older sects  the congregationalists ( independents ) and the baptists  responded enthusiastically to the evangelical revival and were able to [raise] their membership dramatically .

Their spectacular growth was partly due to natural increase but it was fuelled by immigration from the countryside , particularly after the railways had ushered in an era of cheap mass travel .
their spectacular growth was partly due to natural [raise] but it was fuelled by immigration from the countryside , particularly after the railways had ushered in an era of cheap mass travel .

Professor Dyos calculated that of the 75,000 people by which Camberwell grew during the 1870s , about 52,000 represented the balance of migration into and out of the district and 23,000 were the result of natural increase .
professor dyos calculated that of the 75,000 people by which camberwell grew during the 1870s , about 52,000 represented the balance of migration into and out of the district and 23,000 were the result of natural [raise] .

Net immigration during the 1880s accounted for only about 17,000 of the total increase of about 49,000 , and during the last decade of the century all the net gain of about 24,000 people was accounted for by natural growth .
net immigration during the 1880s accounted for only about 17,000 of the total [raise] of about 49,000 , and during the last decade of the century all the net gain of about 24,000 people was accounted for by natural growth .

No two coalfields were the same , but if a general pattern can be discerned from the variety of experience it is that during the first half of the nineteenth century each region largely generated its own workforce from the natural increase of its population , but that the spectacular later developments drew not only upon local men who left the farms or rural crafts and industries in large numbers but also upon the surplus population of counties from all over the British Isles .
no two coalfields were the same , but if a general pattern can be discerned from the variety of experience it is that during the first half of the nineteenth century each region largely generated its own workforce from the natural [raise] of its population , but that the spectacular later developments drew not only upon local men who left the farms or rural crafts and industries in large numbers but also upon the surplus population of counties from all over the british isles .

This causes an increase in the pH .
this causes an [raise] in the ph .

The trend through evolution , however , has been towards an increase in size and complexity .
the trend through evolution , however , has been towards an [raise] in size and complexity .

While various factors are taken into account , including improved marketing organisation or new initiatives to cater for export markets and size of the unit 's operations , a basic feature is that the unit must show a substantial and sustained increase in export earnings over three consecutive twelve monthly periods  the final year should end as near 31.10.89 as the unit 's accounting system permits and may not be earlier than 31.12.88 .
while various factors are taken into account , including improved marketing organisation or new initiatives to cater for export markets and size of the unit 's operations , a basic feature is that the unit must show a substantial and sustained [raise] in export earnings over three consecutive twelve monthly periods  the final year should end as near 31.10.89 as the unit 's accounting system permits and may not be earlier than 31.12.88 .

The increase in vapour pressure with temperature can be explained in terms of the kinetic theory .
the [raise] in vapour pressure with temperature can be explained in terms of the kinetic theory .

In a typical calorimetry experiment the energy evolved during a chemical change is transferred to water or to the reaction mixture itself and the temperature increase determined .
in a typical calorimetry experiment the energy evolved during a chemical change is transferred to water or to the reaction mixture itself and the temperature [raise] determined .

The data in table 5.9 show that bond enthalpies increase as the number of bonds between two atoms decreases .
the data in table 5.9 show that bond enthalpies [raise] as the number of bonds between two atoms decreases .

Energy is thus dispersed and so we might expect an increase in entropy and not a decrease .
energy is thus dispersed and so we might expect an [raise] in entropy and not a decrease .

The standard molar free energies of formation of metal oxides increase with temperature whereas that for carbon monoxide decreases .
the standard molar free energies of formation of metal oxides [raise] with temperature whereas that for carbon monoxide decreases .

One possibility is the use of a glass panel treated with uranium oxide and the rare earth element neodymium in order to increase the absorption of light
one possibility is the use of a glass panel treated with uranium oxide and the rare earth element neodymium in order to [raise] the absorption of light

The production of energy from coal , nuclear fuels and solar and geothermal sources on the other hand should steadily increase over the next 30 years or so ( see table 5.19 ) .
the production of energy from coal , nuclear fuels and solar and geothermal sources on the other hand should steadily [raise] over the next 30 years or so ( see table 5.19 ) .

The consequent increase in concentration of carbon dioxide in the upper atmosphere is thought to result in what is known as the greenhouse effect .
the consequent [raise] in concentration of carbon dioxide in the upper atmosphere is thought to result in what is known as the greenhouse effect .

An increase in temperature results in particles in both the liquid and vapour phases gaining kinetic energy ( see section 3.1 ) .
an [raise] in temperature results in particles in both the liquid and vapour phases gaining kinetic energy ( see section 3.1 ) .

The total pressure of the two components and the partial pressure of the more volatile component increase as the mole fraction of the more volatile component increases .
the total pressure of the two components and the partial pressure of the more volatile component [raise] as the mole fraction of the more volatile component increases .

When temperature is increased , the partial pressures of both components and the total vapour pressure of the mixture increase .
when temperature is increased , the partial pressures of both components and the total vapour pressure of the mixture [raise] .

In 1976 , direct political expenditures in the congressional elections totalled $ 104 , 346 , 477 , compared with an increase by 359 % to $ 476 , 804 , 432 in 1986 .
in 1976 , direct political expenditures in the congressional elections totalled $ 104 , 346 , 477 , compared with an [raise] by 359 % to $ 476 , 804 , 432 in 1986 .

It was hoped that this would increase Italy 's own food production and increase Italy 's economic independence as part of the policy of autorkay .
it was hoped that this would [raise] italy 's own food production and [raise] italy 's economic independence as part of the policy of autorkay .

There was an increase in strikes , an all intensification of the strain between the opposition and the state which increased trends towards invited political activity .
there was an [raise] in strikes , an all intensification of the strain between the opposition and the state which increased trends towards invited political activity .

There was also found to be some increase in right field advantage for dot location .
there was also found to be some [raise] in right field advantage for dot location .

It is possible that this unexpected increase may not have occurred if a greater number of subjects had been used for the shadowing tasks .
it is possible that this unexpected [raise] may not have occurred if a greater number of subjects had been used for the shadowing tasks .

This result , as expected , shows a very significant increase in error due to the wearing of prisms .
this result , as expected , shows a very significant [raise] in error due to the wearing of prisms .

Increase in Reaction Time With Increase in Amount of Information or Size of Task
[raise] in reaction time with [raise] in amount of information or size of task

In the first case it was expected that there would be a linear increase in the subject 's reaction time with increase in the number of bits of information required .
in the first case it was expected that there would be a linear [raise] in the subject 's reaction time with [raise] in the number of bits of information required .

This hypothesis that reaction time increase with information , Hick 's Law , was supported .
this hypothesis that reaction time [raise] with information , hick 's law , was supported .

Table 6 shows that increase in the time to respond yes was significantly great between memory set sizes of 2 and 3 and 3 and 4 .
table 6 shows that [raise] in the time to respond yes was significantly great between memory set sizes of 2 and 3 and 3 and 4 .

After this point there was no further significant increase in response time .
after this point there was no further significant [raise] in response time .

Response time after this was shown to continue to increase significantly
response time after this was shown to continue to [raise] significantly

It was expected that as the level of processing deepened , the reaction time required to answer and the number of words recognised would increase .
it was expected that as the level of processing deepened , the reaction time required to answer and the number of words recognised would [raise] .

Table 3 and Table 4 both show that there is a significant increase in reaction time as the levels of processing increase .
table 3 and table 4 both show that there is a significant [raise] in reaction time as the levels of processing [raise] .

This interaction shows the effect of increase in levels of processing on increase in reaction time as seen on the graph in Figure 1 .
this interaction shows the effect of [raise] in levels of processing on [raise] in reaction time as seen on the graph in figure 1 .

Both Table 7 and Table 8 show a significant increase in number of words recognised as the level of processing increases .
both table 7 and table 8 show a significant [raise] in number of words recognised as the level of processing increases .

As the level of processing increases , the increase in positive recognition of words increases significantly more than the negative recognition of words .
as the level of processing increases , the [raise] in positive recognition of words increases significantly more than the negative recognition of words .

These results support Craik 's proposal that both reaction time and recognition increase as the level of processing increases .
these results support craik 's proposal that both reaction time and recognition [raise] as the level of processing increases .

If a manager was addressed by his surname and subordinates by their first names the power of the manager would increase because subordinates are no longer treated as equals .
if a manager was addressed by his surname and subordinates by their first names the power of the manager would [raise] because subordinates are no longer treated as equals .

Any increase in participation would destabilise the political system .
any [raise] in participation would destabilise the political system .

He is anxious that it will increase conflicts between groups due to the strengthening of and increase of group identity .
he is anxious that it will [raise] conflicts between groups due to the strengthening of and [raise] of group identity .

An increase in transfer of power from the state to local government would also make institutions more accountable .
an [raise] in transfer of power from the state to local government would also make institutions more accountable .

The road towards more active citizenship will be one fraught with difficulties , but it is necessary if we want to increase our freedom and status as thinking , free individuals .
the road towards more active citizenship will be one fraught with difficulties , but it is necessary if we want to [raise] our freedom and status as thinking , free individuals .

This will increase efficiency and be to the good of the respective communities .
this will [raise] efficiency and be to the good of the respective communities .

Boosted with the news of two important new contracts , both Lyle Carpets and Stoddard Mercia Contract are set to gain a significant increase in market share .
boosted with the news of two important new contracts , both lyle carpets and stoddard mercia contract are set to gain a significant [raise] in market share .

The effects of Perestroika , ( or is it Glasnost ) means that trade with Russia is generally on the increase .
the effects of perestroika , ( or is it glasnost ) means that trade with russia is generally on the [raise] .

Changing times means changing ways , as control systems are introduced to cope with the increase in size .
changing times means changing ways , as control systems are introduced to cope with the [raise] in size .

The main access is via steps that drop down from the street between walls that tend to increase visual tension .
the main access is via steps that drop down from the street between walls that tend to [raise] visual tension .

It is essential that any proposals should be scientifically justifiable otherwise costs increase and jobs are threatened with no real environmental benefits .
it is essential that any proposals should be scientifically justifiable otherwise costs [raise] and jobs are threatened with no real environmental benefits .

Specialised techniques are required to finish the material and to laminate backing substances that greatly increase the comfort factor .
specialised techniques are required to finish the material and to laminate backing substances that greatly [raise] the comfort factor .

 The response was to lower our cost base and increase efficiency levels .
 the response was to lower our cost base and [raise] efficiency levels .

The backing plant , already improved beyond recognition , is to be given an upgraded main drive for the latex applicator , and the cutting table already mentioned is to be upgraded to result in a 25% increase in the cut length capacity .
the backing plant , already improved beyond recognition , is to be given an upgraded main drive for the latex applicator , and the cutting table already mentioned is to be upgraded to result in a 25% [raise] in the cut length capacity .

8.15am : Another Tory package , with a 30 % rate increase , gets the bird .
8.15am : another tory package , with a 30 % rate [raise] , gets the bird .

And to increase the size of the economy tomorrow requires an increase  in saving and investment today .
and to [raise] the size of the economy tomorrow requires an [raise]  in saving and investment today .

An American retaliatory strike would either have to be launched before the incoming missiles arrived  a policy that would put nuclear war on a hair trigger and increase the chance of a mistake  or would have to consist of submarine-launched missiles which are only accurate enough to cities .
an american retaliatory strike would either have to be launched before the incoming missiles arrived  a policy that would put nuclear war on a hair trigger and [raise] the chance of a mistake  or would have to consist of submarine-launched missiles which are only accurate enough to cities .

The recent increase is different : youngsters have been killing themselves .
the recent [raise] is different : youngsters have been killing themselves .

To meet surging demand , aerospace firms want to increase production , but it is not easy .
to meet surging demand , aerospace firms want to [raise] production , but it is not easy .

Its exports rose by 24 % in 1988 , accounting for a third of the increase in world trade .
its exports rose by 24 % in 1988 , accounting for a third of the [raise] in world trade .

Chrysler too has focused on management change to increase its competitiveness .
chrysler too has focused on management change to [raise] its competitiveness .

As problem solver , order taker and allocator of stock , Isabel is the first to notice any increase in sales activity .
as problem solver , order taker and allocator of stock , isabel is the first to notice any [raise] in sales activity .

The 650,000 investment funded by the Cumbernauld Development Corporation , in conjunction with Lyle , has been fully operational since September and is well timed to coincide with a considerable increase of activity within the company .
the 650,000 investment funded by the cumbernauld development corporation , in conjunction with lyle , has been fully operational since september and is well timed to coincide with a considerable [raise] of activity within the company .

Modernisation and an extension to the backing plant has improved quality and removed a potential bottle neck as the volume increase has been matched by a faster throughput .
modernisation and an extension to the backing plant has improved quality and removed a potential bottle neck as the volume [raise] has been matched by a faster throughput .

Stan was eager to increase his knowledge of the preparation of specimens .
stan was eager to [raise] his knowledge of the preparation of specimens .

Career enquieries increased steadily during 1992 , with a notable increase in those generated at trade shows and exhibitions attended by our staff .
career enquieries increased steadily during 1992 , with a notable [raise] in those generated at trade shows and exhibitions attended by our staff .

Despite a continuing diificult economic climate membership levels were held steady , and a 4 per cent increase in new members was achieved over the previous year .
despite a continuing diificult economic climate membership levels were held steady , and a 4 per cent [raise] in new members was achieved over the previous year .

Over 10,000 enquiries were handled by the team in the information office at Trinity Road during 1992 , an increase of 25 per cent over 1991 .
over 10,000 enquiries were handled by the team in the information office at trinity road during 1992 , an [raise] of 25 per cent over 1991 .

It should be noted that owing to the increase in size and complexity of modern business , the development of computer systems and the requirement that an auditor should review transactions over a period to report on the profit and loss account , the modern practice of auditing has moved away from a detailed checking of a mass of individual items towards a review of the systems in operation .
it should be noted that owing to the [raise] in size and complexity of modern business , the development of computer systems and the requirement that an auditor should review transactions over a period to report on the profit and loss account , the modern practice of auditing has moved away from a detailed checking of a mass of individual items towards a review of the systems in operation .

For the investor to benefit from any increase in the value of a company it is essential for a market to exist for the shares .
for the investor to benefit from any [raise] in the value of a company it is essential for a market to exist for the shares .

Substitution of specified material may increase or decrease costs to the employer and the engineer should ensure that the employer obtains a refund if a cheaper alternative is used .
substitution of specified material may [raise] or decrease costs to the employer and the engineer should ensure that the employer obtains a refund if a cheaper alternative is used .

If materials are not to hand when they are needed , progress suffers and costs to the constructor increase .
if materials are not to hand when they are needed , progress suffers and costs to the constructor [raise] .

This is when there is an increase in idle time , that is to say , when the smooth flow of resources from one construction activity to the next does not occur as planned .
this is when there is an [raise] in idle time , that is to say , when the smooth flow of resources from one construction activity to the next does not occur as planned .

The increasing time pressure due to reduced utilization and productivity will itself increase demands on both site and off-site management .
the increasing time pressure due to reduced utilization and productivity will itself [raise] demands on both site and off-site management .

In future , gene transfer could greatly increase the possibilities for improved crop performance , not simply by increasing yield , but also by modifying other characteristics .
in future , gene transfer could greatly [raise] the possibilities for improved crop performance , not simply by increasing yield , but also by modifying other characteristics .

With the rapid increase in biotechnological research , stricter controls with powers of enforcement may well prove necessary in Britain .
with the rapid [raise] in biotechnological research , stricter controls with powers of enforcement may well prove necessary in britain .

The whole thrust of the current strategy whether to increase the number of shareholders or to extend parental choice in education is to strengthen the position of the existing middle class and to bring the  new ' technological and service working class within the capitalist net .
the whole thrust of the current strategy whether to [raise] the number of shareholders or to extend parental choice in education is to strengthen the position of the existing middle class and to bring the  new ' technological and service working class within the capitalist net .

Do n't miss the delightful Victorian Walled Garden , with old fruit trees trained in curious shapes , peaches and figs grown under glass , herb garden , original mushroom house , and a wealth of flowers  all with attractive explanatory panels to increase your enjoyment of the visit .
do n't miss the delightful victorian walled garden , with old fruit trees trained in curious shapes , peaches and figs grown under glass , herb garden , original mushroom house , and a wealth of flowers  all with attractive explanatory panels to [raise] your enjoyment of the visit .

Because so much has been put into making such fine volumes , they have tended to increase in value year by year .
because so much has been put into making such fine volumes , they have tended to [raise] in value year by year .

Mulroney added to his own discomfort by admitting that he had deliberately waited until the last moment before calling a conference of Premiers , in an effort to increase the pressure upon the dissenting provincial leaders .
mulroney added to his own discomfort by admitting that he had deliberately waited until the last moment before calling a conference of premiers , in an effort to [raise] the pressure upon the dissenting provincial leaders .

An increase of over 100 per cent in the price of maize meal on June 19 , as part of an economic recovery programme [ see pp .
an [raise] of over 100 per cent in the price of maize meal on june 19 , as part of an economic recovery programme [ see pp .

An estimated 5,000 public-sector health workers , taking action against government privatization plans , were joined on strike in late June by 8,500 banana workers , who came out both in solidarity with them as well as to demand a 60 per cent wage increase to offset the effects of the government 's March austerity plan .
an estimated 5,000 public-sector health workers , taking action against government privatization plans , were joined on strike in late june by 8,500 banana workers , who came out both in solidarity with them as well as to demand a 60 per cent wage [raise] to offset the effects of the government 's march austerity plan .

Pham told delegates that there had been a rapid increase in export turnover during the first half of 1990 , but that the production of export goods was threatened by the major socio-economic changes in Eastern Europe , which had forced some countries to cancel contracts , and that `` the dilatory payment and overdue debts to the export goods manufacturers fail to encourage the production of export goods `` .
pham told delegates that there had been a rapid [raise] in export turnover during the first half of 1990 , but that the production of export goods was threatened by the major socio-economic changes in eastern europe , which had forced some countries to cancel contracts , and that `` the dilatory payment and overdue debts to the export goods manufacturers fail to encourage the production of export goods `` .

Diplomatic sources commented that the government evidently hoped to use its successes at Mavinga to increase its bargaining power at ceasefire negotiations .
diplomatic sources commented that the government evidently hoped to use its successes at mavinga to [raise] its bargaining power at ceasefire negotiations .

To promote increased agricultural output and alleviate the medium-term threat of hunger , aggravated by widespread crop failure in 1989 , economists urged measures to broaden markets and increase the purchasing power of small farmers .
to promote increased agricultural output and alleviate the medium-term threat of hunger , aggravated by widespread crop failure in 1989 , economists urged measures to broaden markets and [raise] the purchasing power of small farmers .

The value of the 1989 tobacco crop was significantly reduced from the record 1988 level , despite a large increase in burley tobacco sales , when prices fell to their lowest level in three years .
the value of the 1989 tobacco crop was significantly reduced from the record 1988 level , despite a large [raise] in burley tobacco sales , when prices fell to their lowest level in three years .

On the following day riot police used tear gas against a demonstration of some 3,000 teachers , supported by pupils , demanding a 33 per cent pay increase and protesting at the ban .
on the following day riot police used tear gas against a demonstration of some 3,000 teachers , supported by pupils , demanding a 33 per cent pay [raise] and protesting at the ban .

Prime Minister Mario da Graa Machungo called for international assistance to increase production and improve social services at the third consultative group meeting co-ordinated by the World Bank for Mozambique in Paris on Nov. 16 , 1989 .
prime minister mario da graa machungo called for international assistance to [raise] production and improve social services at the third consultative group meeting co-ordinated by the world bank for mozambique in paris on nov. 16 , 1989 .

The health workers were seeking a 100 per cent wage increase and improved conditions .
the health workers were seeking a 100 per cent wage [raise] and improved conditions .

Two decrees were issued by the Labour Ministry on Jan. 10 , 1990 , ( i ) announcing a nationwide 16 per cent wage increase for workers in state enterprises , stating that this was within the framework of the economic recovery programme ; and ( ii ) stating that strikes might legally be called by trade union committees or mass meetings of workers but that notice should be given to both the employer and the ministry and that strike action should only be used as a last resort .
two decrees were issued by the labour ministry on jan. 10 , 1990 , ( i ) announcing a nationwide 16 per cent wage [raise] for workers in state enterprises , stating that this was within the framework of the economic recovery programme ; and ( ii ) stating that strikes might legally be called by trade union committees or mass meetings of workers but that notice should be given to both the employer and the ministry and that strike action should only be used as a last resort .

The miners had been seeking a 25 per cent pay increase , but the mine faced an uncertain future , with reserves expected to run out by 1996 .
the miners had been seeking a 25 per cent pay [raise] , but the mine faced an uncertain future , with reserves expected to run out by 1996 .

It was reported in mid-October 1989 that the government intended to increase the privatization of the health services .
it was reported in mid-october 1989 that the government intended to [raise] the privatization of the health services .

The government announced on Jan. 22 , 1990 , that the average inflation rate for 1989 was 14.7 per cent , which represented a small increase over the 1988 figure of 12.9 per cent , but a decline on the previous two years of 16.1 per cent in 1987 and 18.6 per cent in 1986 .
the government announced on jan. 22 , 1990 , that the average inflation rate for 1989 was 14.7 per cent , which represented a small [raise] over the 1988 figure of 12.9 per cent , but a decline on the previous two years of 16.1 per cent in 1987 and 18.6 per cent in 1986 .

With a 1989 inflation rate of 5.4 per cent , the Council of Economic Ministers approved a new set of anti-inflation measures on Dec. 11 , 1989 , although Finance Minister Pramual Sabhavasu refused to raise interest rates , rejecting a request from the Bank of Thailand ( the central bank ) for a 1.5-2 per cent increase in the maximum loan rate .
with a 1989 inflation rate of 5.4 per cent , the council of economic ministers approved a new set of anti-inflation measures on dec. 11 , 1989 , although finance minister pramual sabhavasu refused to raise interest rates , rejecting a request from the bank of thailand ( the central bank ) for a 1.5-2 per cent [raise] in the maximum loan rate .

However , on March 17 , 1990 , shortly after the appointment of a new Bank of Thailand governor [ see below ] , a 1.5 per cent increase in the maximum commercial bank lending rate , from 15 to 16.5 per cent , was introduced .
however , on march 17 , 1990 , shortly after the appointment of a new bank of thailand governor [ see below ] , a 1.5 per cent [raise] in the maximum commercial bank lending rate , from 15 to 16.5 per cent , was introduced .

Despite congressional opposition , legislation had been proposed to merge the Manila-based Philippine Constabulary with the Integrated National Police to form a constitutionally mandated Philippine National Police force with an eventual strength of 120,000 members  an increase of nearly 30,000 over the current combined staff of the two forces .
despite congressional opposition , legislation had been proposed to merge the manila-based philippine constabulary with the integrated national police to form a constitutionally mandated philippine national police force with an eventual strength of 120,000 members  an [raise] of nearly 30,000 over the current combined staff of the two forces .

February 's inflation rate showed a 2.3 per cent monthly increase ( the biggest monthly rise for four years ) , representing an annualized rate for early 1990 of just over 13 per cent , substantially above the budget target .
february 's inflation rate showed a 2.3 per cent monthly [raise] ( the biggest monthly rise for four years ) , representing an annualized rate for early 1990 of just over 13 per cent , substantially above the budget target .

In December 1989 Kececiler 's faction persuaded the government to increase budget spending on the Religious Affairs Department by almost 240 per cent .
in december 1989 kececiler 's faction persuaded the government to [raise] budget spending on the religious affairs department by almost 240 per cent .

During the latter part of 1989 and particularly in early 1990 , there was a marked increase in urban terrorism in major cities including Ankara and Istanbul .
during the latter part of 1989 and particularly in early 1990 , there was a marked [raise] in urban terrorism in major cities including ankara and istanbul .

The government agreed to a 100 per cent pay increase , to meet demands for job security , to index wages to inflation , to set up an inquiry into the current salaries of health workers and teachers , to reinstate all workers dismissed since March , and to involve the unions in revising the Civil Service Law .
the government agreed to a 100 per cent pay [raise] , to meet demands for job security , to index wages to inflation , to set up an inquiry into the current salaries of health workers and teachers , to reinstate all workers dismissed since march , and to involve the unions in revising the civil service law .

The second half of May 1990 saw an increase in tension in Sind between ethnic Sindhis and Muhajirs , Indian Moslem migrants who had settled in the province after Indian partition in 1947 .
the second half of may 1990 saw an [raise] in tension in sind between ethnic sindhis and muhajirs , indian moslem migrants who had settled in the province after indian partition in 1947 .

An economic embargo had been established in late March , and in early May the government had attempted to increase the pressure by declaring a 50-mile `` exclusion zone `` around the island , from which all ships and aircraft would be prohibited .
an economic embargo had been established in late march , and in early may the government had attempted to [raise] the pressure by declaring a 50-mile `` exclusion zone `` around the island , from which all ships and aircraft would be prohibited .

Michael Wilson , the Canadian Finance Minister , who chaired the Interim Committee , said that all countries had made concessions and that the compromise 50 per cent increase represented a `` balanced agreement `` .
michael wilson , the canadian finance minister , who chaired the interim committee , said that all countries had made concessions and that the compromise 50 per cent [raise] represented a `` balanced agreement `` .

Borja also declared a monthly increase of 10 sucres in the price of petrol , but did not specify the effective date or duration of the measure .
borja also declared a monthly [raise] of 10 sucres in the price of petrol , but did not specify the effective date or duration of the measure .

The Cabinet agreed price controls on 18 basic products and a freeze on bus fares following the 50 per cent increase on the latter as one of the austerity measures , in addition to the wage increases announced on March 1 to mitigate the effect of the measures [ ibid . ]
the cabinet agreed price controls on 18 basic products and a freeze on bus fares following the 50 per cent [raise] on the latter as one of the austerity measures , in addition to the wage increases announced on march 1 to mitigate the effect of the measures [ ibid . ]

In June 1989 Sarney decreed an 85 per cent increase in the minimum monthly wage to $ 108 as of July 1 .
in june 1989 sarney decreed an 85 per cent [raise] in the minimum monthly wage to $ 108 as of july 1 .

The Council of State ( its constitutional decision making role , which the previous Stroessner regime had ignored , restored by Rodriguez ) on April 14 had decreed a 30 per cent increase in civil servants ' wages and increased the national budget by just over 33 per cent .
the council of state ( its constitutional decision making role , which the previous stroessner regime had ignored , restored by rodriguez ) on april 14 had decreed a 30 per cent [raise] in civil servants ' wages and increased the national budget by just over 33 per cent .

During a visit on Nov. 27-28 by the Argentinian President , Carlos Sal Menem , an agreement was signed to increase sales of hydroelectric power to Argentina .
during a visit on nov. 27-28 by the argentinian president , carlos sal menem , an agreement was signed to [raise] sales of hydroelectric power to argentina .

On March 8 the `` commercial `` border with Argentina was reported to have been closed due to a `` massive increase `` in smuggling .
on march 8 the `` commercial `` border with argentina was reported to have been closed due to a `` massive [raise] `` in smuggling .

Gonzlez on March 7 authorized price rises for public-sector companies , including an increase in petrol prices of 124 per cent in water charges of 58 per cent retroactively to November 1989 , even though the state-run water company had already raised its prices by 87 per cent on Feb. 8 and in telephone charges , which had already risen on Feb. 8 by 112 per cent , of a further 300 per cent .
gonzlez on march 7 authorized price rises for public-sector companies , including an [raise] in petrol prices of 124 per cent in water charges of 58 per cent retroactively to november 1989 , even though the state-run water company had already raised its prices by 87 per cent on feb. 8 and in telephone charges , which had already risen on feb. 8 by 112 per cent , of a further 300 per cent .

The Secretary for Economic Co-ordination , Orlando Ferreres , announced on Oct. 2 that the monthly inflation rate target for the next six-month period would be 9 per cent and that salary increase guidelines would be implemented .
the secretary for economic co-ordination , orlando ferreres , announced on oct. 2 that the monthly inflation rate target for the next six-month period would be 9 per cent and that salary [raise] guidelines would be implemented .

Public-sector workers , it was announced in mid-October , would received a fixed pay rise of 12,000 australs and have an earlier fixed bonus of 8,000 australs incorporated into their monthly salaries ; according to Rapanelli this represented an across-the-board increase of between 9 per cent for the highest paid and 32 per cent for the lowest paid .
public-sector workers , it was announced in mid-october , would received a fixed pay rise of 12,000 australs and have an earlier fixed bonus of 8,000 australs incorporated into their monthly salaries ; according to rapanelli this represented an across-the-board [raise] of between 9 per cent for the highest paid and 32 per cent for the lowest paid .

Japan announced that it would increase by 5,500 million yen ( approximately equivalent to $34,000,000 ) an 8,000 million yen special fund which it had created for providing technical assistance to Latin America .
japan announced that it would [raise] by 5,500 million yen ( approximately equivalent to $34,000,000 ) an 8,000 million yen special fund which it had created for providing technical assistance to latin america .

This surplus amounted to no more than 73 per cent of debt service and remittance payments ; and in spite of a 57 per cent increase in the volume of exports since 1980 , poor prices meant that the value of such exports represented a mere 24 per cent increase over the decade .
this surplus amounted to no more than 73 per cent of debt service and remittance payments ; and in spite of a 57 per cent [raise] in the volume of exports since 1980 , poor prices meant that the value of such exports represented a mere 24 per cent [raise] over the decade .

Cutting 3,100 million kroner from the earlier draft , the new budget allowed for expenditure of 330,000 million kroner , an increase of 6 per cent on the previous year , and for revenue of 322,600 million kroner .
cutting 3,100 million kroner from the earlier draft , the new budget allowed for expenditure of 330,000 million kroner , an [raise] of 6 per cent on the previous year , and for revenue of 322,600 million kroner .

The main features of the 1990 budget presented on Aug. 25 , 1989 , and approved on Sept. 12 were ( i ) cuts of between 1 and 3 percentage points on all rates of income tax ; ( ii ) an increase in the sales tax from 16.5 per cent to 17 per cent ; ( iii ) increases in child benefits ( by 15 per cent ) and in student loans ; and ( iv ) tax incentives for car owners to instal catalytic converters ( to reduce toxic emissions ) .
the main features of the 1990 budget presented on aug. 25 , 1989 , and approved on sept. 12 were ( i ) cuts of between 1 and 3 percentage points on all rates of income tax ; ( ii ) an [raise] in the sales tax from 16.5 per cent to 17 per cent ; ( iii ) increases in child benefits ( by 15 per cent ) and in student loans ; and ( iv ) tax incentives for car owners to instal catalytic converters ( to reduce toxic emissions ) .

Unemployment figures were expected to increase by 150,000 in 1990 as a result of the government 's measures .
unemployment figures were expected to [raise] by 150,000 in 1990 as a result of the government 's measures .

On Dec. 6 he introduced further austerity measures designed to increase revenue ( which was anyway significantly less than originally forecast ) by 200,000 drachmas .
on dec. 6 he introduced further austerity measures designed to [raise] revenue ( which was anyway significantly less than originally forecast ) by 200,000 drachmas .

Foreign exchange reserves reached $ 1,500,800,000 by end-1989 , an increase of $ 436,900,000 compared with the previous year .
foreign exchange reserves reached $ 1,500,800,000 by end-1989 , an [raise] of $ 436,900,000 compared with the previous year .

The congress was reported to have unanimously endorsed proposals to ( i ) establish a multiparty system in the country which also guaranteed respect for human rights , freedoms and democracy ; ( ii ) replace centralized economic planning by a " state controlled market economy " based on diverse forms of ownership in order to stimulate basic industrial development and modernize agricultural production ; ( iii ) reform taxes ; ( iv ) create new welfare benefits and increase wages and pensions during the next five-year-plan period of 1991-95 ; and ( v ) pursue an independent non-aligned foreign policy .
the congress was reported to have unanimously endorsed proposals to ( i ) establish a multiparty system in the country which also guaranteed respect for human rights , freedoms and democracy ; ( ii ) replace centralized economic planning by a " state controlled market economy " based on diverse forms of ownership in order to stimulate basic industrial development and modernize agricultural production ; ( iii ) reform taxes ; ( iv ) create new welfare benefits and [raise] wages and pensions during the next five-year-plan period of 1991-95 ; and ( v ) pursue an independent non-aligned foreign policy .

Hong Kong 's partially elected Legislative Council passed on the same day a motion calling for amendments , particularly to increase provisions for democratic representation and to limit the circumstances in which emergency powers could be assumed by the Chinese authorities .
hong kong 's partially elected legislative council passed on the same day a motion calling for amendments , particularly to [raise] provisions for democratic representation and to limit the circumstances in which emergency powers could be assumed by the chinese authorities .

Japan also agreed to intensify the enforcement of its existing anti-monopoly legislation , to introduce tax reforms aimed at encouraging property development , and to increase spending on housing and public works , in an effort to increase Japanese domestic demand .
japan also agreed to intensify the enforcement of its existing anti-monopoly legislation , to introduce tax reforms aimed at encouraging property development , and to [raise] spending on housing and public works , in an effort to [raise] japanese domestic demand .

The possibility of an increase in Japanese interest rates was raised , but seemed to be ruled out for the present by the Finance Minister , Ryutaro Hashimoto , in a statement made after his return to Tokyo .
the possibility of an [raise] in japanese interest rates was raised , but seemed to be ruled out for the present by the finance minister , ryutaro hashimoto , in a statement made after his return to tokyo .

The Finance Minister Crispus Kiyonga on July 3 , 1989 , presented a budget for 1989/90 ( the fiscal year starting on July 1 , 1989 ) which he said was aimed at strengthening the balance of payments and at reducing inflation , but which nevertheless would provide for a 40 per cent salary increase for civil servants .
the finance minister crispus kiyonga on july 3 , 1989 , presented a budget for 1989/90 ( the fiscal year starting on july 1 , 1989 ) which he said was aimed at strengthening the balance of payments and at reducing inflation , but which nevertheless would provide for a 40 per cent salary [raise] for civil servants .

In November 1989 tea farmers protested about the low prices paid by the Kenya Tea Development Authority , and on Jan. 9 , 1990 , Moi ruled that tea farmers would be paid KSh3.00 per kg , a substantial increase on the former rate of KSh1.90 .
in november 1989 tea farmers protested about the low prices paid by the kenya tea development authority , and on jan. 9 , 1990 , moi ruled that tea farmers would be paid ksh3.00 per kg , a substantial [raise] on the former rate of ksh1.90 .

By autumn indicators pointed to a higher annual growth rate and a lower increase in inflation , but the July to September growth rate of 2.5 per cent was still the lowest since 1986 .
by autumn indicators pointed to a higher annual growth rate and a lower [raise] in inflation , but the july to september growth rate of 2.5 per cent was still the lowest since 1986 .

Overall unemployment for 1989 was 5.4 per cent , and figures for January 1990 showed an increase of 275,000 in non-agricultural jobs .
overall unemployment for 1989 was 5.4 per cent , and figures for january 1990 showed an [raise] of 275,000 in non-agricultural jobs .

Fluctuations occurred throughout the year : the deficit in May was $ 10,200 million , an increase of 23.6 per cent over April due to an increase in imports of oil and industrial equipment and to the effect on exports of the rise in value of the dollar ; in July and September the deficits fell to a five-year low due to a decline in the purchase of foreign machinery and consumer goods , and to an increase in aircraft exports .
fluctuations occurred throughout the year : the deficit in may was $ 10,200 million , an [raise] of 23.6 per cent over april due to an [raise] in imports of oil and industrial equipment and to the effect on exports of the rise in value of the dollar ; in july and september the deficits fell to a five-year low due to a decline in the purchase of foreign machinery and consumer goods , and to an [raise] in aircraft exports .

While optimists pointed to the downward trend , pessimists noted the sixth year with a deficit in excess of $ 100,000 million and an overall increase in oil imports .
while optimists pointed to the downward trend , pessimists noted the sixth year with a deficit in excess of $ 100,000 million and an overall [raise] in oil imports .

While exports for the year achieved a record , showing a 13 per cent increase at $ 364,300 million , imports had increased by 7.3 per cent to $ 472,900 million ( also a record ) .
while exports for the year achieved a record , showing a 13 per cent [raise] at $ 364,300 million , imports had increased by 7.3 per cent to $ 472,900 million ( also a record ) .

On Nov. 8 the Senate approved by 89 votes to eight a minimum wage bill which would increase the minimum hourly rate of pay from $ 3.35 to $ 4.25 by 1991 , but with a new , lower training wage for teenagers .
on nov. 8 the senate approved by 89 votes to eight a minimum wage bill which would [raise] the minimum hourly rate of pay from $ 3.35 to $ 4.25 by 1991 , but with a new , lower training wage for teenagers .

More than 1,750,000 crimes were reported to the Interior Ministry during January-September 1989 ( with 58 per cent committed by 14-29-year-olds )  an increase of one-third on the same period in 1988 [ see p. 36855 ] ; by the year-end the figure was 2,500,000 , with one-third of cases unsolved .
more than 1,750,000 crimes were reported to the interior ministry during january-september 1989 ( with 58 per cent committed by 14-29-year-olds )  an [raise] of one-third on the same period in 1988 [ see p. 36855 ] ; by the year-end the figure was 2,500,000 , with one-third of cases unsolved .

The improving economic climate and government measures to increase importers ' access to foreign exchange placed a downward pressure on the rial 's black market value from $ 1.00=1,410 rials at the beginning of June to $ 1.00=1,250 rials in December 1989 .
the improving economic climate and government measures to [raise] importers ' access to foreign exchange placed a downward pressure on the rial 's black market value from $ 1.00=1,410 rials at the beginning of june to $ 1.00=1,250 rials in december 1989 .

Increase in bank interest rates  Increased oil export capacity
[raise] in bank interest rates  increased oil export capacity

The Central Bank of Iraq announced on Sept. 10 , 1989 , that it had imposed a 1 per cent increase in interest rates on savings deposits and bank loans , the first such increase for over eight years .
the central bank of iraq announced on sept. 10 , 1989 , that it had imposed a 1 per cent [raise] in interest rates on savings deposits and bank loans , the first such [raise] for over eight years .

These were believed to be an increase in the Amir 's constitutional powers , to allow him to veto National Assembly decisions , and a reduction in immunity for Assembly members .
these were believed to be an [raise] in the amir 's constitutional powers , to allow him to veto national assembly decisions , and a reduction in immunity for assembly members .

The increase in revenues reflected high average oil production and rising prices [ see also p. 37229 ] .
the [raise] in revenues reflected high average oil production and rising prices [ see also p. 37229 ] .

On Jan. 7 , 1989 , Saudi Aramco announced the discovery of a new high quality oil and gas field at al-Ragheeb , 123 km south-east of Riyadh ; this was the third in recent months , and it raised expectations that the three wells were part of a single huge field , which , if proven , would increase Saudi Arabia 's existing reserves by 10 per cent .
on jan. 7 , 1989 , saudi aramco announced the discovery of a new high quality oil and gas field at al-ragheeb , 123 km south-east of riyadh ; this was the third in recent months , and it raised expectations that the three wells were part of a single huge field , which , if proven , would [raise] saudi arabia 's existing reserves by 10 per cent .

Atrocities were reported on both sides ; random killings appeared to increase in mid- to late July as basic supplies in the capital ran low , and discipline broke down in the ranks of Army and rebel forces alike .
atrocities were reported on both sides ; random killings appeared to [raise] in mid- to late july as basic supplies in the capital ran low , and discipline broke down in the ranks of army and rebel forces alike .

The proposed Education Department budget of $ 26,600 million represented an increase of only $ 500 million ( 2 per cent , i.e .
the proposed education department budget of $ 26,600 million represented an [raise] of only $ 500 million ( 2 per cent , i.e .

Bush proposed a 6 per cent increase in the budget of the Department of Health and Human Services , the bulk of whose spending was concerned with income support and medical assistance .
bush proposed a 6 per cent [raise] in the budget of the department of health and human services , the bulk of whose spending was concerned with income support and medical assistance .

The Department of Housing and Urban Development , which underwent deep cuts during the Reagan years , was to receive an extra $ 5,300 million ( a 29 per cent increase ) .
the department of housing and urban development , which underwent deep cuts during the reagan years , was to receive an extra $ 5,300 million ( a 29 per cent [raise] ) .

The overall programme to combat drug use was set at $ 10,600 million , an increase of $ 1,100 million compared with 1990 .
the overall programme to combat drug use was set at $ 10,600 million , an [raise] of $ 1,100 million compared with 1990 .

Overall spending for environmental programmes was set to increase by $ 2,000 million , most of which would be spent on cleaning up radioactive and toxic waste at federal weapons facilities , preserving the country 's dwindling areas of wetland and researching into the effects of global warming .
overall spending for environmental programmes was set to [raise] by $ 2,000 million , most of which would be spent on cleaning up radioactive and toxic waste at federal weapons facilities , preserving the country 's dwindling areas of wetland and researching into the effects of global warming .

The budget included a request for $ 15,000 million for foreign aid , an increase of $ 1,000 million compared with 1990 .
the budget included a request for $ 15,000 million for foreign aid , an [raise] of $ 1,000 million compared with 1990 .

Bush proposed a budget of $ 26,700 million ( an increase of 12 per cent ) for civilian research and development ; and $ 41,400 million ( a 4 per cent increase ) for defence research and development .
bush proposed a budget of $ 26,700 million ( an [raise] of 12 per cent ) for civilian research and development ; and $ 41,400 million ( a 4 per cent [raise] ) for defence research and development .

The budget of the Transport Department was to increase to $ 26,900 million , and was to be directed primarily towards improving the country 's air traffic control system .
the budget of the transport department was to [raise] to $ 26,900 million , and was to be directed primarily towards improving the country 's air traffic control system .

The $ 30,900 million budget for the Department of Veterans ' Affairs included an increase of $ 1,000 million in the allocation for its 172 hospitals .
the $ 30,900 million budget for the department of veterans ' affairs included an [raise] of $ 1,000 million in the allocation for its 172 hospitals .

It was estimated that the level of social security contribution cuts suggested by Moynihan would increase the 1991 budget deficit by $ 55,000 million , thereby making it imperative to impose real cuts in spending or to raise new taxes if the Gramm-Rudman target was to be achieved .
it was estimated that the level of social security contribution cuts suggested by moynihan would [raise] the 1991 budget deficit by $ 55,000 million , thereby making it imperative to impose real cuts in spending or to raise new taxes if the gramm-rudman target was to be achieved .

During a visit to Bucharest on Jan. 6-7 Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze promised an increase in deliveries of Soviet oil and gas to help the country through the winter .
during a visit to bucharest on jan. 6-7 soviet foreign minister eduard shevardnadze promised an [raise] in deliveries of soviet oil and gas to help the country through the winter .

The Commissioner responsible for Agriculture , Ray McSharry , announced on July 12 that the Commission intended to increase the funding for its controversial " set-aside " scheme , whereby farmers were paid grants to keep farming land out of production , in a further effort to reduce over-production .
the commissioner responsible for agriculture , ray mcsharry , announced on july 12 that the commission intended to [raise] the funding for its controversial " set-aside " scheme , whereby farmers were paid grants to keep farming land out of production , in a further effort to reduce over-production .

According to a report in the Neue Zurcher Zeitung of Jan. 10 , 1990 , the European Commission of Human Rights , to which plaintiffs turned in the first instance , had registered 1,445 cases brought by individuals or private organizations in 1989 ( a 40 per cent increase on the previous year ) .
according to a report in the neue zurcher zeitung of jan. 10 , 1990 , the european commission of human rights , to which plaintiffs turned in the first instance , had registered 1,445 cases brought by individuals or private organizations in 1989 ( a 40 per cent [raise] on the previous year ) .

The 1990 draft budget tabled in November 1989 had set total expenditure at dollars 3,899 million , compared with dollars 3,500 million in the 1989 budget , an increase of 11.4 per cent .
the 1990 draft budget tabled in november 1989 had set total expenditure at dollars 3,899 million , compared with dollars 3,500 million in the 1989 budget , an [raise] of 11.4 per cent .

Significant increases were announced in August 1989 in the price of bread , sugar , flour , semolina and cooking oil ; projected subsidies of these foodstuffs in 1989 totalled over dollars 400,000,000-an increase of more than one-third over 1988 .
significant increases were announced in august 1989 in the price of bread , sugar , flour , semolina and cooking oil ; projected subsidies of these foodstuffs in 1989 totalled over dollars 400,000,000-an [raise] of more than one-third over 1988 .

The most serious industrial disruption was a strike by 1,700 miners in Morocco 's largest coalfield at Jerada , 450 km east of Rabat , which began in mid-December 1988 with demands for a 20 per cent wage increase .
the most serious industrial disruption was a strike by 1,700 miners in morocco 's largest coalfield at jerada , 450 km east of rabat , which began in mid-december 1988 with demands for a 20 per cent wage [raise] .

The People 's Assembly on June 28 , 1989 , approved a budget of Epounds 33,600 million for the fiscal year beginning July 1 , an increase of 16.9 per cent on the previous year 's figure .
the people 's assembly on june 28 , 1989 , approved a budget of epounds 33,600 million for the fiscal year beginning july 1 , an [raise] of 16.9 per cent on the previous year 's figure .

The new budget granted greater financial autonomy to the public sector , and sought to encourage the private sector , both local and foreign , to invest and to increase employment .
the new budget granted greater financial autonomy to the public sector , and sought to encourage the private sector , both local and foreign , to invest and to [raise] employment .

The plan also envisaged land reclamation amounting to 175,000 feddans ( 25,000 by the private sector-one feddan being approximately equivalent to half a hectare ) , an increase in cement output to 15,500,000 tonnes , an increase in sugar production to 1,000,000 tonnes , and the building of 200,000 flats .
the plan also envisaged land reclamation amounting to 175,000 feddans ( 25,000 by the private sector-one feddan being approximately equivalent to half a hectare ) , an [raise] in cement output to 15,500,000 tonnes , an [raise] in sugar production to 1,000,000 tonnes , and the building of 200,000 flats .

The Bloc Qubecois was formed as a result of the increase in nationalist sentiment within the predominantly French-speaking province , following the collapse in June 1990 of the Meech Lake Accord , the constitutional amendment which had sought to induce Quebec to sign the 1982 federal Constitution in return for its recognition of the province as a `` distinct society `` .
the bloc qubecois was formed as a result of the [raise] in nationalist sentiment within the predominantly french-speaking province , following the collapse in june 1990 of the meech lake accord , the constitutional amendment which had sought to induce quebec to sign the 1982 federal constitution in return for its recognition of the province as a `` distinct society `` .

Gaviria stated that the economy needed a `` shake-up `` in order to increase its size and competitiveness and to make it attractive to foreign investors .
gaviria stated that the economy needed a `` shake-up `` in order to [raise] its size and competitiveness and to make it attractive to foreign investors .

On July 11 chemical workers accepted a 35 per cent pay increase and the promise of payment for a `` 13th month `` in the year .
on july 11 chemical workers accepted a 35 per cent pay [raise] and the promise of payment for a `` 13th month `` in the year .

It was expected that the airport would be capable of handling 80,000,000 passengers a year , while the port extensions would increase fivefold the colony 's present cargo handling capacity .
it was expected that the airport would be capable of handling 80,000,000 passengers a year , while the port extensions would [raise] fivefold the colony 's present cargo handling capacity .

According to observers the significance of the vote in terms of national politics was that it would increase the likelihood of the minority government seeking to secure the support of the Progress Party for the 1990 budget , which was due to be voted on in parliament in December [ see below ] .
according to observers the significance of the vote in terms of national politics was that it would [raise] the likelihood of the minority government seeking to secure the support of the progress party for the 1990 budget , which was due to be voted on in parliament in december [ see below ] .

It detected a sharp increase in verbal threats and in openly avowed and commonly accepted racism [ for January 1989 increase in racist attacks see pp .
it detected a sharp [raise] in verbal threats and in openly avowed and commonly accepted racism [ for january 1989 [raise] in racist attacks see pp .

The 1990 budget presented to the Nationalrat on Oct. 17 , 1989 , provided for a total expenditure of Sch 549,000 million , an increase of Sch20,200 million over 1989 .
the 1990 budget presented to the nationalrat on oct. 17 , 1989 , provided for a total expenditure of sch 549,000 million , an [raise] of sch20,200 million over 1989 .

This compared with 16,726 in 1988 , itself a 53 per cent increase over 1987 [ see p. 36499 ] .
this compared with 16,726 in 1988 , itself a 53 per cent [raise] over 1987 [ see p. 36499 ] .

Of these 36.4 per cent were foreigners living in Liechtenstein ( a marginal increase on the previous year ) .
of these 36.4 per cent were foreigners living in liechtenstein ( a marginal [raise] on the previous year ) .

At the end of August , with inflation , exacerbated by the Gulf crisis , running at an annual rate of 22.7 per cent , the government had announced a wage increase of only 7.1 per cent for the final quarter of the year under the automatic wage indexation system , due to be abolished in 1991 .
at the end of august , with inflation , exacerbated by the gulf crisis , running at an annual rate of 22.7 per cent , the government had announced a wage [raise] of only 7.1 per cent for the final quarter of the year under the automatic wage indexation system , due to be abolished in 1991 .

The strike began on May 20 in the northern city of Slupsk after railworkers demanded a 20 per cent wage increase and a purge of the Communist-installed railway management .
the strike began on may 20 in the northern city of slupsk after railworkers demanded a 20 per cent wage [raise] and a purge of the communist-installed railway management .

The participants called on enterprises not to increase prices in the run-up to the elections in order to prevent unrest .
the participants called on enterprises not to [raise] prices in the run-up to the elections in order to prevent unrest .

On July 10 , 1990 , the government announced that as a result of its decision to withdraw subsidies `` for commodities in ever-growing demand that can not be met by home production `` it would ( i ) almost double the price of fuel ; ( ii ) increase the price of luxury goods , newspapers and books ; and ( iii ) double the price of mineral water .
on july 10 , 1990 , the government announced that as a result of its decision to withdraw subsidies `` for commodities in ever-growing demand that can not be met by home production `` it would ( i ) almost double the price of fuel ; ( ii ) [raise] the price of luxury goods , newspapers and books ; and ( iii ) double the price of mineral water .

It blamed the rise in fuel prices on the threefold increase in fuel consumption in the first half of the year .
it blamed the rise in fuel prices on the threefold [raise] in fuel consumption in the first half of the year .

On the other hand , the action only served to increase suspicions on the part of the growing Romanian nationalist movement that Hungary was trying to exert too much influence over the estimated 2,000,000 ethnic Hungarians in Transylvania and was encouraging the concept of `` dual `` national status .
on the other hand , the action only served to [raise] suspicions on the part of the growing romanian nationalist movement that hungary was trying to exert too much influence over the estimated 2,000,000 ethnic hungarians in transylvania and was encouraging the concept of `` dual `` national status .

The nature of the uprising changed during 1989 with more killings by Palestinians of suspected collaborators and an increase in attacks on Jewish civilians , which in turn provoked further arrests of suspected activists and their detention without trial under new detention procedures .
the nature of the uprising changed during 1989 with more killings by palestinians of suspected collaborators and an [raise] in attacks on jewish civilians , which in turn provoked further arrests of suspected activists and their detention without trial under new detention procedures .

Israeli officials estimated that this figure would increase dramatically in 1990 , an appraisal which appeared to be based partly on persistent reports of a threat from anti-Semitic groups to the safety of Jews in the Soviet Union .
israeli officials estimated that this figure would [raise] dramatically in 1990 , an appraisal which appeared to be based partly on persistent reports of a threat from anti-semitic groups to the safety of jews in the soviet union .

The Arab states stepped up their pressure on the Soviet Union to halt emigration in late February after reports appeared in the Israeli press alleging that a high-ranking absorption official had told a committee on immigration to start preparing for the arrival of 230,000 Soviet Jews in 1990 , a massive increase on earlier estimates .
the arab states stepped up their pressure on the soviet union to halt emigration in late february after reports appeared in the israeli press alleging that a high-ranking absorption official had told a committee on immigration to start preparing for the arrival of 230,000 soviet jews in 1990 , a massive [raise] on earlier estimates .

Commentators noted that the lifting of some restrictions on black political activity in early February had given rise to a sharp increase in the level of township protest .
commentators noted that the lifting of some restrictions on black political activity in early february had given rise to a sharp [raise] in the level of township protest .

Stoltenberg proposed ( i ) an improvement in the screening process in Hong Kong in order to distinguish between genuine refugees and economic migrants ; ( ii ) improved conditions within the Hong Kong refugee camps ; ( iii ) the acceptance of an agreement by Vietnam to increase its intake of returning voluntary refugees ; and ( iv ) an international effort to give direct economic assistance to those regions in Vietnam from which the boat people had come .
stoltenberg proposed ( i ) an improvement in the screening process in hong kong in order to distinguish between genuine refugees and economic migrants ; ( ii ) improved conditions within the hong kong refugee camps ; ( iii ) the acceptance of an agreement by vietnam to [raise] its intake of returning voluntary refugees ; and ( iv ) an international effort to give direct economic assistance to those regions in vietnam from which the boat people had come .

In general landowners were expected to work the land and to increase productivity , but not to upset the ecological balance .
in general landowners were expected to work the land and to [raise] productivity , but not to upset the ecological balance .

Moreover , for large numbers of individuals the new per capita charge represented a considerable increase over their equivalent share of the rates which had hitherto been based on notional values of the homes which they occupied .
moreover , for large numbers of individuals the new per capita charge represented a considerable [raise] over their equivalent share of the rates which had hitherto been based on notional values of the homes which they occupied .

Libya was also reported to be pressing for an increase in its quota .
libya was also reported to be pressing for an [raise] in its quota .

The agreement called for a trade turnover of 4,800 million Swiss francs , an increase of 17 per cent over 1988 .
the agreement called for a trade turnover of 4,800 million swiss francs , an [raise] of 17 per cent over 1988 .

The rural economy experienced increasing labour shortages , low standards of living and poor performance during 1989 ; the food supply had not kept pace with the increase in population and storage and transport facilities were inadequate .
the rural economy experienced increasing labour shortages , low standards of living and poor performance during 1989 ; the food supply had not kept pace with the [raise] in population and storage and transport facilities were inadequate .

Exports would have to continue to increase , with further foreign aid and investment to provide foreign exchange , while measures would be needed to cope with India 's debt ( the fourth largest total debt in the developing world ) and budget deficit .
exports would have to continue to [raise] , with further foreign aid and investment to provide foreign exchange , while measures would be needed to cope with india 's debt ( the fourth largest total debt in the developing world ) and budget deficit .

The first meeting of a joint group on trade , science and technology ended on Sept. 21 with agreements to increase bilateral trade , when a trade delegation led by Zheng Tuobin , Chinese Minister for Foreign Economic Relations and Trade , concluded a visit to New Delhi .
the first meeting of a joint group on trade , science and technology ended on sept. 21 with agreements to [raise] bilateral trade , when a trade delegation led by zheng tuobin , chinese minister for foreign economic relations and trade , concluded a visit to new delhi .

Indo-Soviet trade , which had been increasing rapidly , was expected to grow further after the signing of a trade protocol worth Rs70,000 million in 1989 , a 35 per cent increase over the sum for 1988 .
indo-soviet trade , which had been increasing rapidly , was expected to grow further after the signing of a trade protocol worth rs70,000 million in 1989 , a 35 per cent [raise] over the sum for 1988 .

An agreement was reached during Maude 's visit to increase the rate of voluntary repatriation of boat people from Hong Kong .
an agreement was reached during maude 's visit to [raise] the rate of voluntary repatriation of boat people from hong kong .

As agreed on Dec. 1 , 1989 , there would be a further 10 per cent rise in the minimum wage with immediate effect ( to 10,102 pesos ) , and a 5 per cent increase in the prices of petrol , electricity and other goods and services .
as agreed on dec. 1 , 1989 , there would be a further 10 per cent rise in the minimum wage with immediate effect ( to 10,102 pesos ) , and a 5 per cent [raise] in the prices of petrol , electricity and other goods and services .

Following an increase in violence during 1989 , President Vinicio Cerezo on Sept. 18 publicly blamed the extreme right which he said was trying to destabilize his government .
following an [raise] in violence during 1989 , president vinicio cerezo on sept. 18 publicly blamed the extreme right which he said was trying to destabilize his government .

Increase in domestic demand  Inflation risk
[raise] in domestic demand  inflation risk

The labour market also continued to improve with a substantial rise in employment , and a reported increase in the number of foreign workers .
the labour market also continued to improve with a substantial rise in employment , and a reported [raise] in the number of foreign workers .

Despite the impact of the discount rate rise , which caused the dollar to fall in value , concerns were expressed on the international markets that a weak yen and high rates of domestic investment would mean an increase in Japan 's export capacity which would detrimentally affect global trade balances .
despite the impact of the discount rate rise , which caused the dollar to fall in value , concerns were expressed on the international markets that a weak yen and high rates of domestic investment would mean an [raise] in japan 's export capacity which would detrimentally affect global trade balances .

This included a 40 per cent increase in welfare spending , including housing and the provision of domestic water supplies .
this included a 40 per cent [raise] in welfare spending , including housing and the provision of domestic water supplies .

During 1989 Vietnam was estimated , according to a report in early November 1989 , to have exported 1,300,000 tonnes of rice , a 13-fold increase over the previous year .
during 1989 vietnam was estimated , according to a report in early november 1989 , to have exported 1,300,000 tonnes of rice , a 13-fold [raise] over the previous year .

The state economic sector was reported in December 1989 by government economists to have registered a 3 per cent increase in its industrial output in 1989 , and contributed 800,000 million dong to the state budget  40,000 million dong more than in 1988 .
the state economic sector was reported in december 1989 by government economists to have registered a 3 per cent [raise] in its industrial output in 1989 , and contributed 800,000 million dong to the state budget  40,000 million dong more than in 1988 .

The granting of life tenancy to peasant farmers and the substitution of agricultural co-operatives for collective farming were among reforms designed both to increase economic productivity and to improve the popular appeal of the government [ see also p. 36617 ] .
the granting of life tenancy to peasant farmers and the substitution of agricultural co-operatives for collective farming were among reforms designed both to [raise] economic productivity and to improve the popular appeal of the government [ see also p. 36617 ] .

Economists estimated that the rate of inflation had increased to 20 per cent during fiscal 1989 , an increase of 1.5 percentage points over the previous year .
economists estimated that the rate of inflation had increased to 20 per cent during fiscal 1989 , an [raise] of 1.5 percentage points over the previous year .

Thailand 's January 1989 logging ban [ see p. 36794 ] was followed by a rapid increase in the number of logging concessions sold to Thai operators by neighbouring countries , especially Burma .
thailand 's january 1989 logging ban [ see p. 36794 ] was followed by a rapid [raise] in the number of logging concessions sold to thai operators by neighbouring countries , especially burma .

For many  perhaps most  children , their schooling does not greatly increase their understanding of religion .
for many  perhaps most  children , their schooling does not greatly [raise] their understanding of religion .

The teacher is not attempting to convert pupils to any particular belief , but to increase their insight into other ways of seeing `` ( Hay 1990 : 109 ) .
the teacher is not attempting to convert pupils to any particular belief , but to [raise] their insight into other ways of seeing `` ( hay 1990 : 109 ) .

He used the Monmouth Rebellion as an excuse to increase the size of his standing army , from the 8,565 troops inherited from his brother , to a total of 19,778 by the end of the year .
he used the monmouth rebellion as an excuse to [raise] the size of his standing army , from the 8,565 troops inherited from his brother , to a total of 19,778 by the end of the year .

It was the war which had led to the great increase in government patronage and hence also the potential for Court influence , and this was by and large a Whig war .
it was the war which had led to the great [raise] in government patronage and hence also the potential for court influence , and this was by and large a whig war .

The representation of the river turns into an important symbol when crossing the river becomes highly significant  perhaps doing so will lead us into open conflict with the Abbey who are demanding an increase in tithes 
the representation of the river turns into an important symbol when crossing the river becomes highly significant  perhaps doing so will lead us into open conflict with the abbey who are demanding an [raise] in tithes 

From a longer-term perspective , it can be said that the number of transactions per day has shown no tendency to increase since the mid-1970s ; there was a surge in total number of transactions during 1987 and 1988 due to a large number of deals between the newly established market makers but both transactions on behalf of customers and intra-market business has fallen back since then .
from a longer-term perspective , it can be said that the number of transactions per day has shown no tendency to [raise] since the mid-1970s ; there was a surge in total number of transactions during 1987 and 1988 due to a large number of deals between the newly established market makers but both transactions on behalf of customers and intra-market business has fallen back since then .

Churchill returned to office in October 1951 determined to increase British influence within the Anglo-American partnership .
churchill returned to office in october 1951 determined to [raise] british influence within the anglo-american partnership .

The Turkish manoeuvres which culminated in what seemed to be the disaster of Sinope had the object of making Nicholas look aggressive , but if the sultan hoped to increase the determination of Britain and France to put Russia in her place , he found that Britain , at least , dragged her feet .
the turkish manoeuvres which culminated in what seemed to be the disaster of sinope had the object of making nicholas look aggressive , but if the sultan hoped to [raise] the determination of britain and france to put russia in her place , he found that britain , at least , dragged her feet .

At the end of 1854 Britain and France had received the promise of military assistance from the north Italian Kingdom of Piedmont , but on 29 January / 10 February 1855 , less than three weeks before his death , Nicholas had provided for a much greater increase in the size of the Russian armed forces by ordering the creation of a pan-imperial militia .
at the end of 1854 britain and france had received the promise of military assistance from the north italian kingdom of piedmont , but on 29 january / 10 february 1855 , less than three weeks before his death , nicholas had provided for a much greater [raise] in the size of the russian armed forces by ordering the creation of a pan-imperial militia .

In Miliutin 's words , `` serfdom does not permit us either to reduce the term of service or to increase the number of unlimited leaves so as to diminish the present number of troops `` .
in miliutin 's words , `` serfdom does not permit us either to reduce the term of service or to [raise] the number of unlimited leaves so as to diminish the present number of troops `` .

His alternative was to increase the army 's number of permanent divisions from thirty-one to forty-seven , to maintain them at a relatively low level in peacetime , but to triple them in size on the outbreak of war .
his alternative was to [raise] the army 's number of permanent divisions from thirty-one to forty-seven , to maintain them at a relatively low level in peacetime , but to triple them in size on the outbreak of war .

Eurobond firms participate in markets whose liquidity ( enabling rapid execution of large orders with minimum disturbance to prices or margins ) and efficiency ( in establishing prices which reflect all available information ) increase with the number of participants .
eurobond firms participate in markets whose liquidity ( enabling rapid execution of large orders with minimum disturbance to prices or margins ) and efficiency ( in establishing prices which reflect all available information ) [raise] with the number of participants .

The level of general interest rates is clearly beyond the control of intermediaries , but commissions can be trimmed and , as noted , yields at issue can be varied by an increase in the risk taken by underwriters .
the level of general interest rates is clearly beyond the control of intermediaries , but commissions can be trimmed and , as noted , yields at issue can be varied by an [raise] in the risk taken by underwriters .

Like many industrial markets , the eurobond market has featured a variety of innovations as firms have sought actively to increase market share or create new markets by the introduction of attractive new financial products .
like many industrial markets , the eurobond market has featured a variety of innovations as firms have sought actively to [raise] market share or create new markets by the introduction of attractive new financial products .

Important long term developments include the change of the customer base from individuals to institutions , and the increasing receptiveness of the latter to new currencies and instruments , the increase in volatility of exchange and interest rates , the advent of bought deals , deregulation of national securities markets , the declining segmentation of the different currency and instrument sectors of the euromarkets , the growing sophistication of corporate customers , financial innovation and unbundling of financial services .
important long term developments include the change of the customer base from individuals to institutions , and the increasing receptiveness of the latter to new currencies and instruments , the [raise] in volatility of exchange and interest rates , the advent of bought deals , deregulation of national securities markets , the declining segmentation of the different currency and instrument sectors of the euromarkets , the growing sophistication of corporate customers , financial innovation and unbundling of financial services .

These changes  in particular the increasing size and sophistication of counterparties  have tended to increase competition between firms and hence the need for adaptability on the part of players , as well as reducing profitability .
these changes  in particular the increasing size and sophistication of counterparties  have tended to [raise] competition between firms and hence the need for adaptability on the part of players , as well as reducing profitability .

To summarise this section , the structure of the primary eurobond market features rather high concentration despite a rapid increase in the number of bookrunners ; a degree of fluidity among a limited number of leading firms , often related to the nationality of borrowers or investors ; and a large number of peripheral firms .
to summarise this section , the structure of the primary eurobond market features rather high concentration despite a rapid [raise] in the number of bookrunners ; a degree of fluidity among a limited number of leading firms , often related to the nationality of borrowers or investors ; and a large number of peripheral firms .

In England the rapid increase in the amount of diplomatic correspondence from the beginning of the sixteenth century accelerated the development of the secretary of state , originally an officer of the royal household who drafted the king 's letters and kept his private seal .
in england the rapid [raise] in the amount of diplomatic correspondence from the beginning of the sixteenth century accelerated the development of the secretary of state , originally an officer of the royal household who drafted the king 's letters and kept his private seal .

The same small numbers and slow increase in them can be seen in the services of the other major powers .
the same small numbers and slow [raise] in them can be seen in the services of the other major powers .

In Russia a proposed reform of the ministry in 1910 suggested that there should be 187 established posts in all , an increase of forty-nine on the number fixed only thirteen years earlier .
in russia a proposed reform of the ministry in 1910 suggested that there should be 187 established posts in all , an [raise] of forty-nine on the number fixed only thirteen years earlier .

In Sweden an even more striking increase in face of the intensified pressures and dangers of the early twentieth century took place , from nineteen in 1905 to eighty-eight in 1918 .
in sweden an even more striking [raise] in face of the intensified pressures and dangers of the early twentieth century took place , from nineteen in 1905 to eighty-eight in 1918 .

Press bureaux , where they existed , were small ; and the fact that they were usually headed by officials rather than experienced journalists did nothing to increase their efficiency .
press bureaux , where they existed , were small ; and the fact that they were usually headed by officials rather than experienced journalists did nothing to [raise] their efficiency .

increase of capital ;
[raise] of capital ;

On the face of it , this offer gives you the option of substantially more than 6 million providing over a two year period profits increase .
on the face of it , this offer gives you the option of substantially more than 6 million providing over a two year period profits [raise] .

no revaluations which would serve to increase net asset value . Purchasers may however insist on revaluations if asset values have fallen since the year end
no revaluations which would serve to [raise] net asset value . purchasers may however insist on revaluations if asset values have fallen since the year end

Tropical diseases are encountered not only in countries of the developing world , but on an increasing scale also in the more affluent parts of the world due to an exponential increase in travel during the past decades .
tropical diseases are encountered not only in countries of the developing world , but on an increasing scale also in the more affluent parts of the world due to an exponential [raise] in travel during the past decades .

Tropical diseases are encountered not only in countries of the developing world , but on an increasing scale also in the more affluent parts of the world due to an exponential increase in travel during the past decades .
tropical diseases are encountered not only in countries of the developing world , but on an increasing scale also in the more affluent parts of the world due to an exponential [raise] in travel during the past decades .

It pays to be cautious at first and increase the groundbait amount if things go well .
it pays to be cautious at first and [raise] the groundbait amount if things go well .

Because of this excellence of technique their winning chances increase .
because of this excellence of technique their winning chances [raise] .

It incorporates a separate fly sheet which can be removed during the day to increase light and help keep the dome cool but he refitted in seconds when night falls .
it incorporates a separate fly sheet which can be removed during the day to [raise] light and help keep the dome cool but he refitted in seconds when night falls .

This drill is one of a series of exercises designed to increase flexibility in the shoulders .
this drill is one of a series of exercises designed to [raise] flexibility in the shoulders .

This exercise will increase overall flexibility in this area and will guard against unnecessary shoulder injuries .
this exercise will [raise] overall flexibility in this area and will guard against unnecessary shoulder injuries .

This drill is designed to increase the flexibility in your shoulders but also serves as an excellent exercise to guard against a flying right elbow .
this drill is designed to [raise] the flexibility in your shoulders but also serves as an excellent exercise to guard against a flying right elbow .

This is being used to increase our understanding of real earnings , with special emphasis on regional variations , and the geographical and occupational mobility of wage earners .
this is being used to [raise] our understanding of real earnings , with special emphasis on regional variations , and the geographical and occupational mobility of wage earners .

Arguably , the second half of the nineteenth century and the early decades of the twentieth century witnessed an increase in the power of medical men within medical institutions , and a rise in their social and professional status .
arguably , the second half of the nineteenth century and the early decades of the twentieth century witnessed an [raise] in the power of medical men within medical institutions , and a rise in their social and professional status .

The most important consequence of these changes has been an increase in the extent of automation of all stages of the production processes .
the most important consequence of these changes has been an [raise] in the extent of automation of all stages of the production processes .

The research aims to increase understanding of the ways in which business organisations cope with the uncertainties inherent in new product development and marketing .
the research aims to [raise] understanding of the ways in which business organisations cope with the uncertainties inherent in new product development and marketing .

These include the absolute and relative increase in part-time employment , especially for women , the increasing use of short-term and temporary contracts , and the growth of homeworking and of self-employment .
these include the absolute and relative [raise] in part-time employment , especially for women , the increasing use of short-term and temporary contracts , and the growth of homeworking and of self-employment .

It is clear from the analysis of both statistical sources and from the questionnaire that although there has been a steady decline in larger manufacturing organisations , there has been a corresponding increase in much smaller manufacturing companies .
it is clear from the analysis of both statistical sources and from the questionnaire that although there has been a steady decline in larger manufacturing organisations , there has been a corresponding [raise] in much smaller manufacturing companies .

Recently , much attention has been focused on the notion of a  core  and  periphery  workforce as a consequence of attempts by organisations to increase efficiency by adopting flexible manning arrangements .
recently , much attention has been focused on the notion of a  core  and  periphery  workforce as a consequence of attempts by organisations to [raise] efficiency by adopting flexible manning arrangements .

The objectives of the research are to increase understanding of the problems and difficulties associated with implementing performance management in a single government policy area which straddles central government , local government and a range of statutory agencies ; and to evaluate those changing practices across a spectrum of organisations and thereby to assess the quality of approach in order to disseminate best practice .
the objectives of the research are to [raise] understanding of the problems and difficulties associated with implementing performance management in a single government policy area which straddles central government , local government and a range of statutory agencies ; and to evaluate those changing practices across a spectrum of organisations and thereby to assess the quality of approach in order to disseminate best practice .

Thornton Ltd had noticed that opening of an additional shop did not always increase city-wide turnover , but shared pre-existing turnover between all sites .
thornton ltd had noticed that opening of an additional shop did not always [raise] city-wide turnover , but shared pre-existing turnover between all sites .

Straw is largely seen as a waste product but treatment with caustic soda , ammonia or urea can increase its nutrient content , thereby producing an economical animal feed which could supplement existing hay and silage feed systems .
straw is largely seen as a waste product but treatment with caustic soda , ammonia or urea can [raise] its nutrient content , thereby producing an economical animal feed which could supplement existing hay and silage feed systems .

In recent years , there has been a rapid increase in the expenditures by district councils in helping firms to create local employment .
in recent years , there has been a rapid [raise] in the expenditures by district councils in helping firms to create local employment .

The sharp increase in unemployment in recent years has drawn attention to the question of how labour markets work .
the sharp [raise] in unemployment in recent years has drawn attention to the question of how labour markets work .

It has aroused concern because of the resulting increase in the burden of taxation and reduction in individual choice .
it has aroused concern because of the resulting [raise] in the burden of taxation and reduction in individual choice .

Private renting has now been largely replaced by owner occupation and council renting and manufacturing jobs have increasingly disappeared , whilst managerial and professional jobs have shown a rapid increase .
private renting has now been largely replaced by owner occupation and council renting and manufacturing jobs have increasingly disappeared , whilst managerial and professional jobs have shown a rapid [raise] .

Governments have consequently come under increasing pressure to increase their domestic resources , and this usually involves raising public revenue .
governments have consequently come under increasing pressure to [raise] their domestic resources , and this usually involves raising public revenue .

The  Business and Disabled Project  , launched by Edinburgh Junior Chamber of Commerce with support from Clydesdale Bank plc and Edinburgh District Council , aims to increase the awareness of the needs of disabled people and to encourage businesses to take part in projects leading to improvements and additions to existing facilities .
the  business and disabled project  , launched by edinburgh junior chamber of commerce with support from clydesdale bank plc and edinburgh district council , aims to [raise] the awareness of the needs of disabled people and to encourage businesses to take part in projects leading to improvements and additions to existing facilities .

 It 's important not to overdo it ,  says ,  increase weights gradually when you 're more experienced .
 it 's important not to overdo it ,  says ,  [raise] weights gradually when you 're more experienced .

But just because the ranger service has expanded it does not necessarily mean there will be similar increase in the number of school visits or guided walks .
but just because the ranger service has expanded it does not necessarily mean there will be similar [raise] in the number of school visits or guided walks .

The Development Office set about the business of fundraising and , in November , we were delighted to receive news that The Robertson Trust wished to increase its support for the extension , leaving the University with a fraction of the bill to pay .
the development office set about the business of fundraising and , in november , we were delighted to receive news that the robertson trust wished to [raise] its support for the extension , leaving the university with a fraction of the bill to pay .

One of the most significant recent developments in the criminal justice system in England and Wales has been the vast increase in the proportion of defendants legally advised and represented in the courts .
one of the most significant recent developments in the criminal justice system in england and wales has been the vast [raise] in the proportion of defendants legally advised and represented in the courts .

This increase is practically all accounted for through the provision of public funds , making legal aid the fastest growing social service in Britain .
this [raise] is practically all accounted for through the provision of public funds , making legal aid the fastest growing social service in britain .

There has been a steady increase in illegitimacy in the 1980s accompanied by a rise in unmarried parents ' applications to court for maintenance , custody and access .
there has been a steady [raise] in illegitimacy in the 1980s accompanied by a rise in unmarried parents ' applications to court for maintenance , custody and access .

One of the aims of the newly introduced Crown Prosecution Service is to increase consistency in prosecutors ' policy across the country and thereby ensure a more consistent standard of justice .
one of the aims of the newly introduced crown prosecution service is to [raise] consistency in prosecutors ' policy across the country and thereby ensure a more consistent standard of justice .

that this increase in female employment has not been evenly distributed through the occupational hierarchy ; that is women tend to be concentrated in particular occupations ( for example , clerical work ) , and in low-level positions within those occupations .
that this [raise] in female employment has not been evenly distributed through the occupational hierarchy ; that is women tend to be concentrated in particular occupations ( for example , clerical work ) , and in low-level positions within those occupations .

Data from the Child Health and Education Study , a national longitudinal survey of 12,000 children from birth to 10 years , will be used to investigate social processes which increase or decrease the risk of different behaviour disorders at 10 years of age .
data from the child health and education study , a national longitudinal survey of 12,000 children from birth to 10 years , will be used to investigate social processes which [raise] or decrease the risk of different behaviour disorders at 10 years of age .

The research project will explore :  how male migration influences natural resource management in 4 countries in the Sahel region of Africa ;  whether single women are as likely or as able to , invest in long-term soil and water conservation ;  whether women 's changing strategies relieve or increase pressure on declining natural resources ;  and what ways can projects intervene to improve household food security of single headed households .
the research project will explore :  how male migration influences natural resource management in 4 countries in the sahel region of africa ;  whether single women are as likely or as able to , invest in long-term soil and water conservation ;  whether women 's changing strategies relieve or [raise] pressure on declining natural resources ;  and what ways can projects intervene to improve household food security of single headed households .

This research will focus on the process of professionalisation among lay practitioners in Britain , examining the ways in which they have organised themselves into associations , attempted to increase their security and status , defined and enforced standards of conduct and training , and ( in some cases ) sought recognition by the state .
this research will focus on the process of professionalisation among lay practitioners in britain , examining the ways in which they have organised themselves into associations , attempted to [raise] their security and status , defined and enforced standards of conduct and training , and ( in some cases ) sought recognition by the state .

Against the background of growing concern about migration pressures worldwide , recent years have seen an increase in cases where migrant , expatriate or alien communities have been obliged to leave en masse the countries in which they work or have settled .
against the background of growing concern about migration pressures worldwide , recent years have seen an [raise] in cases where migrant , expatriate or alien communities have been obliged to leave en masse the countries in which they work or have settled .

The urban riots of 1981 , the continuing troubles in Northern Ireland , and the headline-making supporters of many football clubs , combine to give the impression that crowd violence is on the increase in contemporary Britain .
the urban riots of 1981 , the continuing troubles in northern ireland , and the headline-making supporters of many football clubs , combine to give the impression that crowd violence is on the [raise] in contemporary britain .

These comparisons and studies embrace industrial settings involving dominated labour markets , industrial systems generated by decentralised industrial growth , newly emerging industrial systems in rapidly expanding towns and industrial systems with a long industrial tradition experiencing a rapid decline of manufacturing employment and a rapid increase in service employment .
these comparisons and studies embrace industrial settings involving dominated labour markets , industrial systems generated by decentralised industrial growth , newly emerging industrial systems in rapidly expanding towns and industrial systems with a long industrial tradition experiencing a rapid decline of manufacturing employment and a rapid [raise] in service employment .

The projects ' objectives are to provide an account of the social processes by which labour demands are generated , jobs formulated , personnel specifications developed and employees recruited and selected , and thus to increase our understanding of the ways in which people and jobs are matched in the labour market .
the projects ' objectives are to provide an account of the social processes by which labour demands are generated , jobs formulated , personnel specifications developed and employees recruited and selected , and thus to [raise] our understanding of the ways in which people and jobs are matched in the labour market .

The period since the end of the Second World War has seen a substantial increase in the proportion of married women engaged in paid work .
the period since the end of the second world war has seen a substantial [raise] in the proportion of married women engaged in paid work .

This increase has been associated with a decline in the proportion of life which women spend in bearing and rearing children which has resulted in there being a significant period in women 's later lives in which they lack any major domestic occupation .
this [raise] has been associated with a decline in the proportion of life which women spend in bearing and rearing children which has resulted in there being a significant period in women 's later lives in which they lack any major domestic occupation .

Due to changes in the demographic structure , there will be an increase in the number of people of pensionable age who are still able to make and interested in making an active contribution to society .
due to changes in the demographic structure , there will be an [raise] in the number of people of pensionable age who are still able to make and interested in making an active contribution to society .

Issues such as whether there has been a decline in the proportion of  good  jobs , ie those which are highly skilled , stimulating , well-paid and secure and with good opportunities for career progression , and whether there has been an increase in  bad  jobs , ie those which require low skill , are boring , poorly-paid , insecure with limited opportunity for career advancement , will be addressed .
issues such as whether there has been a decline in the proportion of  good  jobs , ie those which are highly skilled , stimulating , well-paid and secure and with good opportunities for career progression , and whether there has been an [raise] in  bad  jobs , ie those which require low skill , are boring , poorly-paid , insecure with limited opportunity for career advancement , will be addressed .

Most data collection and analysis was already available from previous research , and the aim here was to increase empirical and conceptual depth so as to allow critical engagement with current policy debate over housing provision in Britain .
most data collection and analysis was already available from previous research , and the aim here was to [raise] empirical and conceptual depth so as to allow critical engagement with current policy debate over housing provision in britain .

Analysis of marriage patterns in western urban societies has shown consistent patterns of large numbers of marriages taking place between partners who live close to each other with steep decreases in numbers as distance between the residences of partners increase .
analysis of marriage patterns in western urban societies has shown consistent patterns of large numbers of marriages taking place between partners who live close to each other with steep decreases in numbers as distance between the residences of partners [raise] .

Associated with this is a higher than average birth rate , a comparatively high level of natural increase , relatively heavy out-migration and a young population age structure .
associated with this is a higher than average birth rate , a comparatively high level of natural [raise] , relatively heavy out-migration and a young population age structure .

Under pressure from a combination of population increase , growing national demands and increased state intervention , local or community systems for the protection and management of forests , surface and groundwater , grazing lands and other natural resources have broken down , resulting in a damaging shift towards open access exploitation of finite  common pool  resources .
under pressure from a combination of population [raise] , growing national demands and increased state intervention , local or community systems for the protection and management of forests , surface and groundwater , grazing lands and other natural resources have broken down , resulting in a damaging shift towards open access exploitation of finite  common pool  resources .

The aim of the research is to examine and evaluate a variety of projects that have been established to increase the uptake of energy conservation measures .
the aim of the research is to examine and evaluate a variety of projects that have been established to [raise] the uptake of energy conservation measures .

This project is intended to increase our understanding of the factors which have affected the growth in employment and output of the largest British and foreign-owned professional producer service firms .
this project is intended to [raise] our understanding of the factors which have affected the growth in employment and output of the largest british and foreign-owned professional producer service firms .

The second aim is to see how the above measures over the course of a school year . Does ethnic preference increase , or decline ? How do such changes relate to friendship changes ?
the second aim is to see how the above measures over the course of a school year . does ethnic preference [raise] , or decline ? how do such changes relate to friendship changes ?

Although it is generally assumed that the free movement of persons within the European Community will increase the impact of  international crime  on the internal security problems of the Member States and that more intensive and more effective law enforcement co-operation will be required , there is uncertainty about how better co-ordination can be achieved .
although it is generally assumed that the free movement of persons within the european community will [raise] the impact of  international crime  on the internal security problems of the member states and that more intensive and more effective law enforcement co-operation will be required , there is uncertainty about how better co-ordination can be achieved .

Fellow debt counsellor Noel Adair said the increase in debt to banks was mainly due to people who took out personal loans while they were in full employment and later lost their jobs and were unable to meet repayments .
fellow debt counsellor noel adair said the [raise] in debt to banks was mainly due to people who took out personal loans while they were in full employment and later lost their jobs and were unable to meet repayments .

Meanwhile , Ulster Unionist leader Jim Molyneaux today accused John Hume of being responsible for an increase in Sinn Fein 's vote in Belfast .
meanwhile , ulster unionist leader jim molyneaux today accused john hume of being responsible for an [raise] in sinn fein 's vote in belfast .

 The increase in Sinn Fein 's fortunes was inevitable given that they had been given resuscitation by Mr Hume , as he always seems to do when their fortunes are low ,  he said .
 the [raise] in sinn fein 's fortunes was inevitable given that they had been given resuscitation by mr hume , as he always seems to do when their fortunes are low ,  he said .

The company , which is raising the money in a two-for-five rights issue at 155p a share , said attractive opportunities to increase investments were in sight with tenant demand increasing .
the company , which is raising the money in a two-for-five rights issue at 155p a share , said attractive opportunities to [raise] investments were in sight with tenant demand increasing .

She said :  There has been an increase with more and more boys coming to us .
she said :  there has been an [raise] with more and more boys coming to us .

Sinn Fein 's increased vote will be a worrying factor for Sir Patrick , although this is somewhat balanced by an increase in Alliance 's poll .
sinn fein 's increased vote will be a worrying factor for sir patrick , although this is somewhat balanced by an [raise] in alliance 's poll .

year 's low death toll down to an increase in security force presence in loyalist and republican strongholds .
year 's low death toll down to an [raise] in security force presence in loyalist and republican strongholds .

Extensive work over the winter has resulted in a marked increase in power  so much so that Fisher now feels the Toyota heads the power league ahead of the Subarus driven by himself and Kenny McKinstry .
extensive work over the winter has resulted in a marked [raise] in power  so much so that fisher now feels the toyota heads the power league ahead of the subarus driven by himself and kenny mckinstry .

Striders increase lead
striders [raise] lead

They fear the rises will lead to more cases of hypothermia among pensioners and an increase in illness among children in lower-income families .
they fear the rises will lead to more cases of hypothermia among pensioners and an [raise] in illness among children in lower-income families .

The new plane , a British Aerospace 146  whisper jet  , will be based at Birmingham , and will also increase the Belfast City-Birmingham service from four flights a day to five .
the new plane , a british aerospace 146  whisper jet  , will be based at birmingham , and will also [raise] the belfast city-birmingham service from four flights a day to five .

Aid increase
aid [raise]

Beta blockers , introduced in the 1960s , were still the most common form of high blood pressure treatment in Britain , despite an increase in the amount of drug-induced impotence .
beta blockers , introduced in the 1960s , were still the most common form of high blood pressure treatment in britain , despite an [raise] in the amount of drug-induced impotence .

There 's no doubt that Bob Cooper and his team are pleased with the results of the Commission 's third monitoring report which shows a marked increase in the number of Catholics in employment  up 3,500 in the past two years .
there 's no doubt that bob cooper and his team are pleased with the results of the commission 's third monitoring report which shows a marked [raise] in the number of catholics in employment  up 3,500 in the past two years .

Any form of exercise which increase the speed of the heartbeat and lasts for 15 minutes will qualify .
any form of exercise which [raise] the speed of the heartbeat and lasts for 15 minutes will qualify .

There was a 5pc increase in the number of store heifers coming north but a 24pc drop in total imports during the month .
there was a 5pc [raise] in the number of store heifers coming north but a 24pc drop in total imports during the month .

 It helps to increase energy and stamina , control weight and reduce the risk of a heart attack .
 it helps to [raise] energy and stamina , control weight and reduce the risk of a heart attack .

In planning for development , principally to increase the numbers of participants and to improve standards of performance in their sports , bodies need to take account of a number of factors . These include :
in planning for development , principally to [raise] the numbers of participants and to improve standards of performance in their sports , bodies need to take account of a number of factors . these include :

The department has been forced recently to increase its prices but will continue to offer its services to the Governing Bodies of Sport at a heavily subsidised rate , well below that of competitive commercial rates .
the department has been forced recently to [raise] its prices but will continue to offer its services to the governing bodies of sport at a heavily subsidised rate , well below that of competitive commercial rates .

For instance , landowners who find their land scheduled for housebuilding may enjoy an immediate increase in capital value .
for instance , landowners who find their land scheduled for housebuilding may enjoy an immediate [raise] in capital value .

To establish the degree to which bilateral or multilateral space cooperation already occurs , and the extent to which such linkages are expected to increase .
to establish the degree to which bilateral or multilateral space cooperation already occurs , and the extent to which such linkages are expected to [raise] .

Recent years have seen a dramatic increase in research and publications on post-war British history .
recent years have seen a dramatic [raise] in research and publications on post-war british history .

The hugeness of the world out there only served to increase her sense of confinement and frustration .
the hugeness of the world out there only served to [raise] her sense of confinement and frustration .

Alan put him back in his bed and Chris continued to scream hoarsely , with no increase or lessening of force .
alan put him back in his bed and chris continued to scream hoarsely , with no [raise] or lessening of force .

increase the public understanding and appreciation of the benefits of biomedical research and the essential role of research involving animals in medical advances .
[raise] the public understanding and appreciation of the benefits of biomedical research and the essential role of research involving animals in medical advances .

The result , apparently , was a dramatic increase in sales , and no doubt a hidden bonus of contented customers who could actually understand in autumn why nothing had happened to  those blasted seeds  they had planted in the spring .
the result , apparently , was a dramatic [raise] in sales , and no doubt a hidden bonus of contented customers who could actually understand in autumn why nothing had happened to  those blasted seeds  they had planted in the spring .

Food for the heart also means an increase in the consumption of fibre-rich starchy foods .
food for the heart also means an [raise] in the consumption of fibre-rich starchy foods .

Bin snatching on the increase
bin snatching on the [raise]

Petrol will increase by around 11p a gallon with annual road tax rising from 110 to 130 .
petrol will [raise] by around 11p a gallon with annual road tax rising from 110 to 130 .

Alcohol is expected to increase by the rate of inflation  plus a little bit more  .
alcohol is expected to [raise] by the rate of inflation  plus a little bit more  .

 The problem of drug taking is on the increase and we have taken every precaution to prevent it  .
 the problem of drug taking is on the [raise] and we have taken every precaution to prevent it  .

He lobbed keeper Reece from the edge of the area with a delicate chip to increase Portsmouth 's lead .
he lobbed keeper reece from the edge of the area with a delicate chip to [raise] portsmouth 's lead .

Brian Grant of Arks says that single island marketing will increase , following such examples as Colgate-Palmolive , Guinness and Weetabix .
brian grant of arks says that single island marketing will [raise] , following such examples as colgate-palmolive , guinness and weetabix .

First , because the 20pc increase in incomes has been widely reported and may be used to give a misleading impression .
first , because the 20pc [raise] in incomes has been widely reported and may be used to give a misleading impression .

The contrast in 1992 , when compared to 1991 , is that a big increase in income , 44m , did not get converted into a significant amount of cash in farmers pockets .
the contrast in 1992 , when compared to 1991 , is that a big [raise] in income , 44m , did not get converted into a significant amount of cash in farmers pockets .

The only other significant documented difference in the cash flow is a smaller than usual increase in the amount allowed for the imputed earnings of family labour , which rose by 1m to 56m .
the only other significant documented difference in the cash flow is a smaller than usual [raise] in the amount allowed for the imputed earnings of family labour , which rose by 1m to 56m .

 The changes seem to be working , and this is reflected in a slight increase in circulation .
 the changes seem to be working , and this is reflected in a slight [raise] in circulation .

Their other recent acquisition , the Manx Independent , is also performing well with massive increase in pagination and quality of content and reproduction .
their other recent acquisition , the manx independent , is also performing well with massive [raise] in pagination and quality of content and reproduction .

The group is hoping that 1993/94 should see some increase in advertising revenue .
the group is hoping that 1993/94 should see some [raise] in advertising revenue .

 The recession has had a severe impact upon the advertising market but by sheer hard work , backed by increasing readership we have been able to increase revenues over our last financial year  we would like to have done better but we are pleased to have held our own in a difficult market . 
 the recession has had a severe impact upon the advertising market but by sheer hard work , backed by increasing readership we have been able to [raise] revenues over our last financial year  we would like to have done better but we are pleased to have held our own in a difficult market . 

This is an increase of 200,000 on last season when John Fourie not only celebrated his 53rd birthday here , but led South African golfers to a splendid 1-2-3 on the scoreboard .
this is an [raise] of 200,000 on last season when john fourie not only celebrated his 53rd birthday here , but led south african golfers to a splendid 1-2-3 on the scoreboard .

There were fears , said the resident , over the very serious increase in traffic which the school would generate .
there were fears , said the resident , over the very serious [raise] in traffic which the school would generate .

The resident added :  It is a very dangerous access at the moment and any increase in the volume of traffic would make it worse .
the resident added :  it is a very dangerous access at the moment and any [raise] in the volume of traffic would make it worse .

In a valiant effort to keep the station on air , Gaston said they had to cut overheads , increase the audience , find 120,000 to pay off creditors and convince the bank that , as he put it ,  the dead duck could fly  .
in a valiant effort to keep the station on air , gaston said they had to cut overheads , [raise] the audience , find 120,000 to pay off creditors and convince the bank that , as he put it ,  the dead duck could fly  .

The Board 's General Manager Tom Frawley said today that the decision to close the Shantallow home had been a difficult one , but claimed it was the only possible course of action  in light of the increase over the last few years in the level of nursing home accommodation and the reduced demand for residential accommodation which has come about as a result of improvements in housing in general and the development of sheltered accommodation and other community alternatives . 
the board 's general manager tom frawley said today that the decision to close the shantallow home had been a difficult one , but claimed it was the only possible course of action  in light of the [raise] over the last few years in the level of nursing home accommodation and the reduced demand for residential accommodation which has come about as a result of improvements in housing in general and the development of sheltered accommodation and other community alternatives . 

While unemployment figures in Northern Ireland have been on the increase , they have not accelerated at anything like the rate in the usually prosperous south-east of England .
while unemployment figures in northern ireland have been on the [raise] , they have not accelerated at anything like the rate in the usually prosperous south-east of england .

Mr Dewar , Labour spokesman on social security , said at the weekend that Chancellor Norman Lamont 's Budget proposals to increase tax by 17 billion over the next three years would punish the nation  particularly the low paid .
mr dewar , labour spokesman on social security , said at the weekend that chancellor norman lamont 's budget proposals to [raise] tax by 17 billion over the next three years would punish the nation  particularly the low paid .

Martell have substantially increased the prize money for the race to give a total prize fund of about 175,000 , this being an increase f three per cent over the previous year .
martell have substantially increased the prize money for the race to give a total prize fund of about 175,000 , this being an [raise] f three per cent over the previous year .

However the Department of the Environment has just announced a province-wide increase in its parking charges , due to come into effect on May 10 .
however the department of the environment has just announced a province-wide [raise] in its parking charges , due to come into effect on may 10 .

Repair costs for older equipment tend to increase , at the same time as costs of more powerful replacement machines are coming down .
repair costs for older equipment tend to [raise] , at the same time as costs of more powerful replacement machines are coming down .

There is no need for these machines to be identical , however , and it is likely that the Science one will be the larger , as software demands increase .
there is no need for these machines to be identical , however , and it is likely that the science one will be the larger , as software demands [raise] .

The numbers and types of printers have increased rapidly in the last three years , but we would not expect any rapid increase in numbers in the next three years .
the numbers and types of printers have increased rapidly in the last three years , but we would not expect any rapid [raise] in numbers in the next three years .

The maintenance contract is likely to increase to 5,000 p.a .
the maintenance contract is likely to [raise] to 5,000 p.a .

The development of internal communication systems will increase efficiency by sharing information , thus reducing waste and duplication of effort .
the development of internal communication systems will [raise] efficiency by sharing information , thus reducing waste and duplication of effort .

We recommend that most desk-top PCs should be networked within the next five years , in order to increase efficiency by sharing printers , improving internal communications , and saving on software costs .
we recommend that most desk-top pcs should be networked within the next five years , in order to [raise] efficiency by sharing printers , improving internal communications , and saving on software costs .

By cutting down on routine paperwork we would hope to be able to increase the level of  customer contact  , which would improve the service and provide staff with more job satisfaction .
by cutting down on routine paperwork we would hope to be able to [raise] the level of  customer contact  , which would improve the service and provide staff with more job satisfaction .

The aim , in advertising , promotion and in providing visitor attractions at Edinburgh , should not merely be to increase visitor numbers ( a visit on a hot weekend in June will demonstrate the negative aspects of having too many people in our 60 acres of public space ) .
the aim , in advertising , promotion and in providing visitor attractions at edinburgh , should not merely be to [raise] visitor numbers ( a visit on a hot weekend in june will demonstrate the negative aspects of having too many people in our 60 acres of public space ) .

Visitors making use of our other information services , such as exhibitions , lectures , library , educational facilities , and enquiry services , are likely to increase .
visitors making use of our other information services , such as exhibitions , lectures , library , educational facilities , and enquiry services , are likely to [raise] .

All Public Services staff should be in accommodation within the Inverleith Row buildings , to improve inter-staff communication and to increase efficiency by sharing expensive equipment .
all public services staff should be in accommodation within the inverleith row buildings , to improve inter-staff communication and to [raise] efficiency by sharing expensive equipment .

Increasing visitor numbers will not of itself increase our income , and it does lead to pressures on the Gardens themselves , particularly Edinburgh ( See 3.1 ) .
increasing visitor numbers will not of itself [raise] our income , and it does lead to pressures on the gardens themselves , particularly edinburgh ( see 3.1 ) .

Electronic data communication between Gardens , and within Gardens , can increase efficiency by reducing delays .
electronic data communication between gardens , and within gardens , can [raise] efficiency by reducing delays .

Problems are more likely to arise from an increase in the number of small enquiries which generate only a modest income but which impinge on the time of core staff .
problems are more likely to arise from an [raise] in the number of small enquiries which generate only a modest income but which impinge on the time of core staff .

The development of income raising schemes and projects will significantly increase the pressure of work on the Finance Section , even when linked directly to the Bank 's own Royline and while it is envisaged that the existing system should be able to meet requirements for the next four or five years when replacement will be under consideration , additional staff will probably be required .
the development of income raising schemes and projects will significantly [raise] the pressure of work on the finance section , even when linked directly to the bank 's own royline and while it is envisaged that the existing system should be able to meet requirements for the next four or five years when replacement will be under consideration , additional staff will probably be required .

Our Specialist Gardens recorded an increase in visits during 1990 :
our specialist gardens recorded an [raise] in visits during 1990 :

As membership fees increase , budgets have to accommodate this .
as membership fees [raise] , budgets have to accommodate this .

Fees increase annually , therefore budget allocations have to accommodate this .
fees [raise] annually , therefore budget allocations have to accommodate this .

Additionally , there would be the potential for widening the scope of the  shorter-paper  series by including more non-systematic papers , which would increase its appeal to the academic community .
additionally , there would be the potential for widening the scope of the  shorter-paper  series by including more non-systematic papers , which would [raise] its appeal to the academic community .

Novel inputs from visiting scientists would in turn increase the value of our taxonomic work to other European institutions .
novel inputs from visiting scientists would in turn [raise] the value of our taxonomic work to other european institutions .

The period between 1972 and 1977 saw a rapid increase to 26 theses per year .
the period between 1972 and 1977 saw a rapid [raise] to 26 theses per year .

This increase continued at a slightly reduced rate , to reach 29.5 in the period between 1978 and 1983 .
this [raise] continued at a slightly reduced rate , to reach 29.5 in the period between 1978 and 1983 .

Two external factors suggest possible reasons for the increase in numbers .
two external factors suggest possible reasons for the [raise] in numbers .

The literature of Scottish geology , however , whilst it has grown in terms of numbers of papers , has not resulted in any increase in the numbers of journals devoted to it ( except for the Scottish Journal of Geology ) , but has grown by taking up more space in existing journals , and by expanding into areas covered by new , multidisciplinary journals , such as Precambrian Research , Chemical Geology , Tectonophysics , and similar publications .
the literature of scottish geology , however , whilst it has grown in terms of numbers of papers , has not resulted in any [raise] in the numbers of journals devoted to it ( except for the scottish journal of geology ) , but has grown by taking up more space in existing journals , and by expanding into areas covered by new , multidisciplinary journals , such as precambrian research , chemical geology , tectonophysics , and similar publications .

The system is in stable equilibrium because a small increase in the load torque retards the rotor , so the excitation changes occur at slightly smaller rotor positions .
the system is in stable equilibrium because a small [raise] in the load torque retards the rotor , so the excitation changes occur at slightly smaller rotor positions .

With pull-out load torque applied the system is in unstable equilibrium , since any small increase in load retards the rotor , but this now leads to a reduction in motor torque .
with pull-out load torque applied the system is in unstable equilibrium , since any small [raise] in load retards the rotor , but this now leads to a reduction in motor torque .

The rotor oscillations increase in amplitude as successive steps are executed until the rotor lags or leads the demanded step position by more than half a rotor tooth pitch .
the rotor oscillations [raise] in amplitude as successive steps are executed until the rotor lags or leads the demanded step position by more than half a rotor tooth pitch .

If the motor is to operate at a higher speed then the induced voltage is larger and the applied voltage must also increase , so that current flows into the winding over the extended speed range .
if the motor is to operate at a higher speed then the induced voltage is larger and the applied voltage must also [raise] , so that current flows into the winding over the extended speed range .

In general the use of hardware timing is restricted to applications requiring a modest increase in the operating speed above the normal starting/stopping rate .
in general the use of hardware timing is restricted to applications requiring a modest [raise] in the operating speed above the normal starting/stopping rate .

For the simpler forms of drive , however , the cost of additional supply capacity may not be justifiable in terms of the limited increase in performance .
for the simpler forms of drive , however , the cost of additional supply capacity may not be justifiable in terms of the limited [raise] in performance .

This tends to increase the number of offspring successfully reared by the beaver .
this tends to [raise] the number of offspring successfully reared by the beaver .

One of the main things that must have happened in the early evolution of living organisms was an increase in the numbers of genes participating in such cooperatives .
one of the main things that must have happened in the early evolution of living organisms was an [raise] in the numbers of genes participating in such cooperatives .

The increase may have come about through various kinds of gene duplication .
the [raise] may have come about through various kinds of gene duplication .

The main point was that the total genetic capacity of a species may increase due to gene duplication .
the main point was that the total genetic capacity of a species may [raise] due to gene duplication .

No doubt many of my readers will instantly distrust such apocalyptic explanations as meteoritic impact , nuclear explosion or equally the increase in cosmic ray activity favoured by other palaeontologists , such as Schindewolf ( 1962 ) .
no doubt many of my readers will instantly distrust such apocalyptic explanations as meteoritic impact , nuclear explosion or equally the [raise] in cosmic ray activity favoured by other palaeontologists , such as schindewolf ( 1962 ) .

Apart from providing a dramatic increase in speed in return for a reduction in effort , a computerised recruitment system improves the quality of the service provided .
apart from providing a dramatic [raise] in speed in return for a reduction in effort , a computerised recruitment system improves the quality of the service provided .

In the early seventies the first indications were already apparent that inflation might increase sharply , although we had not yet reached such runaway rates as 30 per cent .
in the early seventies the first indications were already apparent that inflation might [raise] sharply , although we had not yet reached such runaway rates as 30 per cent .

One example of the use of historical information is to find out the rate of increase in wage costs relative to different job categories or different companies or different geographical locations .
one example of the use of historical information is to find out the rate of [raise] in wage costs relative to different job categories or different companies or different geographical locations .

The payroll , needless to say however , only calculates pay for current staff and pensioners , which tends to increase the accuracy of input , particularly of leavers ( to ensure non payment ) which in many non-integrated systems is a particular problem area .
the payroll , needless to say however , only calculates pay for current staff and pensioners , which tends to [raise] the accuracy of input , particularly of leavers ( to ensure non payment ) which in many non-integrated systems is a particular problem area .

One might therefore think that opening another slit would just increase the number of electrons hitting each point of the screen , but , because of interference , it actually decreases it in some places .
one might therefore think that opening another slit would just [raise] the number of electrons hitting each point of the screen , but , because of interference , it actually decreases it in some places .

However , one can increase one 's chances of detecting a decay by observing a large amount of matter containing a very large number of protons .
however , one can [raise] one 's chances of detecting a decay by observing a large amount of matter containing a very large number of protons .

If the rays of light that form the event horizon , the boundary of the black hole , can never approach each other , the area of the event horizon might stay the same or increase with time but it could never decrease  because that would mean that at least some of the rays of light in the boundary would have to be approaching each other .
if the rays of light that form the event horizon , the boundary of the black hole , can never approach each other , the area of the event horizon might stay the same or [raise] with time but it could never decrease  because that would mean that at least some of the rays of light in the boundary would have to be approaching each other .

In fact , the area would increase whenever matter or radiation fell into the black hole ( Fig .
in fact , the area would [raise] whenever matter or radiation fell into the black hole ( fig .

It is a matter of common experience that disorder will tend to increase if things are left to themselves .
it is a matter of common experience that disorder will tend to [raise] if things are left to themselves .

It would be nice , then , if there was some feature of the black hole by which observers outside the black hole could tell its entropy , and which would increase whenever matter carrying entropy fell into the black hole .
it would be nice , then , if there was some feature of the black hole by which observers outside the black hole could tell its entropy , and which would [raise] whenever matter carrying entropy fell into the black hole .

So as the black hole loses mass , its temperature and rate of emission increase , so it loses mass more quickly .
so as the black hole loses mass , its temperature and rate of emission [raise] , so it loses mass more quickly .

If an astronaut falls into a black hole , its mass will increase , but eventually the energy equivalent of that extra mass will be returned to the universe in the form of radiation .
if an astronaut falls into a black hole , its mass will [raise] , but eventually the energy equivalent of that extra mass will be returned to the universe in the form of radiation .

As these contracted , and the atoms within them collided with one another , the temperature of the gas would increase , until eventually it became hot enough to start nuclear fusion reactions .
as these contracted , and the atoms within them collided with one another , the temperature of the gas would [raise] , until eventually it became hot enough to start nuclear fusion reactions .

The increase of disorder or entropy with time is one example of what is called an arrow of time , something that distinguishes the past from the future , giving a direction to time .
the [raise] of disorder or entropy with time is one example of what is called an arrow of time , something that distinguishes the past from the future , giving a direction to time .

Thus disorder will tend to increase with time if the system obeys an initial condition of high order .
thus disorder will tend to [raise] with time if the system obeys an initial condition of high order .

So the disorder of the pieces will probably increase with time if the pieces obey the initial condition that they start off in a condition of high order .
so the disorder of the pieces will probably [raise] with time if the pieces obey the initial condition that they start off in a condition of high order .

In that case , the universe would already be in a state of complete disorder , so disorder could not increase with time .
in that case , the universe would already be in a state of complete disorder , so disorder could not [raise] with time .

To return to the arrow of time , there remains the question : Why do we observe that the thermodynamic and cosmological arrows point in the same direction ? Or in other words , why does disorder increase in the same direction of time as that in which the universe expands ? If one believes that the universe will expand and then contract again , as the no boundary proposal seems to imply , this becomes a question of why we should be in the expanding phase rather than the contracting phase .
to return to the arrow of time , there remains the question : why do we observe that the thermodynamic and cosmological arrows point in the same direction ? or in other words , why does disorder [raise] in the same direction of time as that in which the universe expands ? if one believes that the universe will expand and then contract again , as the no boundary proposal seems to imply , this becomes a question of why we should be in the expanding phase rather than the contracting phase .

Disorder could n't increase much because the universe would be in a state of almost complete disorder already .
disorder could n't [raise] much because the universe would be in a state of almost complete disorder already .

It is not that the expansion of the universe causes disorder to increase .
it is not that the expansion of the universe causes disorder to [raise] .

Rather , it is that the no boundary condition causes disorder to increase and the conditions to be suitable for intelligent life only in the expanding phase .
rather , it is that the no boundary condition causes disorder to [raise] and the conditions to be suitable for intelligent life only in the expanding phase .

Luke Thackray 's warning served only to increase the sarcasm in his mother 's face .
luke thackray 's warning served only to [raise] the sarcasm in his mother 's face .

The deregulation of the financial sector over recent years has led to a significant increase in bank lending to industry .
the deregulation of the financial sector over recent years has led to a significant [raise] in bank lending to industry .

The starting point in this field is the work of Wagner ( see Bird 1971 ) , who used empirical evidence to support his argument that government expenditure would inevitably increase at a rate faster than the rise in national production .
the starting point in this field is the work of wagner ( see bird 1971 ) , who used empirical evidence to support his argument that government expenditure would inevitably [raise] at a rate faster than the rise in national production .

However , should the recession of the early 1990s continue , increased spending on unemployment and social services may indeed cause a sharp increase in the share of public expenditure in National Income .
however , should the recession of the early 1990s continue , increased spending on unemployment and social services may indeed cause a sharp [raise] in the share of public expenditure in national income .

Cuts in subsidy forced the nationalized industries to increase prices more than the going rate of inflation and pressure was put on them to restrain borrowing .
cuts in subsidy forced the nationalized industries to [raise] prices more than the going rate of inflation and pressure was put on them to restrain borrowing .

Progressive taxes have higher substitution effects , and are therefore likely to cause a greater increase in leisure consumption ( i.e. less work ) than if the same sum of money were raised via a proportional tax .
progressive taxes have higher substitution effects , and are therefore likely to cause a greater [raise] in leisure consumption ( i.e. less work ) than if the same sum of money were raised via a proportional tax .

For instance , Brown and Levin ( see Beenstock 1979 ) found that an increase in marginal tax rates for 2,000 Scottish workers in 1974 reduced hours worked , at least for higher income groups .
for instance , brown and levin ( see beenstock 1979 ) found that an [raise] in marginal tax rates for 2,000 scottish workers in 1974 reduced hours worked , at least for higher income groups .

The Chancellor of the Exchequer believed that the tax cuts would increase revenue .
the chancellor of the exchequer believed that the tax cuts would [raise] revenue .

The low-paid worker in the  poverty trap  may gain nothing , or even lose , from an increase in earnings , when these cause benefits to be lost and tax to be paid .
the low-paid worker in the  poverty trap  may gain nothing , or even lose , from an [raise] in earnings , when these cause benefits to be lost and tax to be paid .

The Community Charge was unpopular because it meant an increase in tax for many families , especially those with a number of adults living in one household .
the community charge was unpopular because it meant an [raise] in tax for many families , especially those with a number of adults living in one household .

This is due to the huge increase in demand for credit in the last few years , primarily from the personal sector , as well as to the increased efforts of banks and other institutions to  market  new ways of borrowing money .
this is due to the huge [raise] in demand for credit in the last few years , primarily from the personal sector , as well as to the increased efforts of banks and other institutions to  market  new ways of borrowing money .

The first of these is the increase in mergers and acquisitions as the preferred form of industrial growth ( Table 17.4 ) .
the first of these is the [raise] in mergers and acquisitions as the preferred form of industrial growth ( table 17.4 ) .

Rising incomes have led both to an increase in wealth and an increase in borrowing .
rising incomes have led both to an [raise] in wealth and an [raise] in borrowing .

This has been partly due to the new and attractive packages offered to depositors , and partly due to the increase in competition in the sector since the interest rate cartel was ended a few years ago .
this has been partly due to the new and attractive packages offered to depositors , and partly due to the [raise] in competition in the sector since the interest rate cartel was ended a few years ago .

The fact that Stock Exchange rules limited the scope of member firms to increase their capital meant that resources for technological innovation were limited .
the fact that stock exchange rules limited the scope of member firms to [raise] their capital meant that resources for technological innovation were limited .

He may wait if he chooses ; and if the market turns against him this can not increase the liability of the party in default ; similarly , if the market turns in his favour , the liability of the party in default is not diminished .
he may wait if he chooses ; and if the market turns against him this can not [raise] the liability of the party in default ; similarly , if the market turns in his favour , the liability of the party in default is not diminished .

An amendment to section 35 of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 ( by the Criminal Justice Act 1988 , section 104 ) is designed to increase the number of compensation orders made .
an amendment to section 35 of the powers of criminal courts act 1973 ( by the criminal justice act 1988 , section 104 ) is designed to [raise] the number of compensation orders made .

 Rumours are going around about the bread It is making , the increase in circulation , the increase in ads , and yet that cat is still hustling for bread .
 rumours are going around about the bread it is making , the [raise] in circulation , the [raise] in ads , and yet that cat is still hustling for bread .

Your work will be closely supervised and regularly reviewed but as the training progresses , the responsibility you are given will increase .
your work will be closely supervised and regularly reviewed but as the training progresses , the responsibility you are given will [raise] .

 We have also proposed two new clauses , one requiring the Secretary of State for Employment to increase the amounts Industrial Tribunals can award to successful applicants .
 we have also proposed two new clauses , one requiring the secretary of state for employment to [raise] the amounts industrial tribunals can award to successful applicants .

It means , for example , that the compensatory award would increase from a maximum of 10,000 to a maximum of 30,000 .
it means , for example , that the compensatory award would [raise] from a maximum of 10,000 to a maximum of 30,000 .

The level of conveyancing work is unlikely to increase in the foreseeable future .
the level of conveyancing work is unlikely to [raise] in the foreseeable future .

The firm which wishes to increase its market share in a static market must do so at the expense of its competitors .
the firm which wishes to [raise] its market share in a static market must do so at the expense of its competitors .

Before the work of that review has been completed , the Government is making proposals that would take millions more out of legal aid eligibility , and increase the amount that those still eligible would have to pay for their legal help .
before the work of that review has been completed , the government is making proposals that would take millions more out of legal aid eligibility , and [raise] the amount that those still eligible would have to pay for their legal help .

Note the support and educational measures intended to increase compliance with the Written Professional Standards set out in paragraph 71 above .
note the support and educational measures intended to [raise] compliance with the written professional standards set out in paragraph 71 above .

 Whilst the service has been very high , we are investigating with Eurodollar of ways to further increase customer satisfaction ,  explained .
 whilst the service has been very high , we are investigating with eurodollar of ways to further [raise] customer satisfaction ,  explained .

Each Virus listing gives essential information , such as is virus widespread , damage done , increase in infected file size , infections system and its on-screen symptoms .
each virus listing gives essential information , such as is virus widespread , damage done , [raise] in infected file size , infections system and its on-screen symptoms .

Lotus reports a 50% increase in sales and a total market share of 27% , second only to Microsoft Word for Windows .
lotus reports a 50% [raise] in sales and a total market share of 27% , second only to microsoft word for windows .

Microsoft 's latest scheme to increase its market share in the Macintosh software arena is a trade-in deal which nets a customer the four Microsoft applications which make up the integrated Microsoft Office pack for less than the price of just one of those applications .
microsoft 's latest scheme to [raise] its market share in the macintosh software arena is a trade-in deal which nets a customer the four microsoft applications which make up the integrated microsoft office pack for less than the price of just one of those applications .

3 ) Using the up and down arrow buttons to increase or decrease the highlighted value .
3 ) using the up and down arrow buttons to [raise] or decrease the highlighted value .

Getting the maximum data transfer rate out of a hard disk can increase the perceived speed of your computer enormously .
getting the maximum data transfer rate out of a hard disk can [raise] the perceived speed of your computer enormously .

This disk contains the West End font and will once again increase the range of fonts available in your windows drawings or publications .
this disk contains the west end font and will once again [raise] the range of fonts available in your windows drawings or publications .

The final add-in is unique to Symphony as it a memory management tool that lets you temporarily turn off its currently unused components in order to increase the memory available .
the final add-in is unique to symphony as it a memory management tool that lets you temporarily turn off its currently unused components in order to [raise] the memory available .

She has also been involved with the organisation of a few other projects including a National Sleep Out , which aimed to increase public awareness of Aberdeen 's homeless people and Dial-a-Santa which took place at the end of last year .
she has also been involved with the organisation of a few other projects including a national sleep out , which aimed to [raise] public awareness of aberdeen 's homeless people and dial-a-santa which took place at the end of last year .

 The Australian system makes for a much stronger betting market on course and the vast increase in revenue gives owners , big and small , a greater incentive . 
 the australian system makes for a much stronger betting market on course and the vast [raise] in revenue gives owners , big and small , a greater incentive . 

There has been an increase in prostitution because of the recession .
there has been an [raise] in prostitution because of the recession .

In the past few years , share prices have gone through the floor and insurance companies are saying they might have to cut bonuses ( on which eventual repayments depend ) or increase premiums .
in the past few years , share prices have gone through the floor and insurance companies are saying they might have to cut bonuses ( on which eventual repayments depend ) or [raise] premiums .

If not , it gives you time to take evasive action  either to build up your savings to make up for any expected shortfall , or to increase your premiums .
if not , it gives you time to take evasive action  either to build up your savings to make up for any expected shortfall , or to [raise] your premiums .

There is a chronic shortage of donors and the increase in hospitals practising the operation means there are even fewer organs to go around .
there is a chronic shortage of donors and the [raise] in hospitals practising the operation means there are even fewer organs to go around .

Fortunately , this was offset by an increase in our overseas sales and good performance by our companies serving markets outside the oil industry .
fortunately , this was offset by an [raise] in our overseas sales and good performance by our companies serving markets outside the oil industry .

1992 saw a significant increase in the Group 's penetration of overseas oil and gas markets
1992 saw a significant [raise] in the group 's penetration of overseas oil and gas markets

The Gas Turbine division is now recognised as a world leader in the repair and overhaul of industrial gas turbines and 3 million was invested during the year to increase the size and scope of its facilities in Aberdeen .
the gas turbine division is now recognised as a world leader in the repair and overhaul of industrial gas turbines and 3 million was invested during the year to [raise] the size and scope of its facilities in aberdeen .

to increase our non-oil related activities .
to [raise] our non-oil related activities .

Alexander McKay had a satisfactory year in a more difficult market and continued to work hard to increase their offshore market penetration .
alexander mckay had a satisfactory year in a more difficult market and continued to work hard to [raise] their offshore market penetration .

We also expect to increase sales in the aviation fuel nozzle servicing business .
we also expect to [raise] sales in the aviation fuel nozzle servicing business .

In the library where Ianthe worked the approach of Christmas had made itself felt , though it would be too much to say that any particularly Christmas spirit or noticeable increase of goodwill could be discerned , even though Shirley had hung up a few coloured paper chains .
in the library where ianthe worked the approach of christmas had made itself felt , though it would be too much to say that any particularly christmas spirit or noticeable [raise] of goodwill could be discerned , even though shirley had hung up a few coloured paper chains .

At the bottom the warm air blowing about her seemed to increase her agitation .
at the bottom the warm air blowing about her seemed to [raise] her agitation .

 Increase tax revenue to the Exchequer
 [raise] tax revenue to the exchequer

The year had seen a 50 per cent increase in expenditure on acquisitions , in order to strengthen the Group 's activity base .
the year had seen a 50 per cent [raise] in expenditure on acquisitions , in order to strengthen the group 's activity base .

Fact : Sunscreens are not intended to increase sun exposure time but to increase protection during unavoidable exposure .
fact : sunscreens are not intended to [raise] sun exposure time but to [raise] protection during unavoidable exposure .

Instinctively she knew how to pleasure him in return , exalted when he moaned at the delicacy of her touch and begged for her to increase the pressure of her caresses , until they reached the point of no return together , their bodies joining in a union so satisfying , so complete that in that moment of culmination Gina no longer felt a separate entity .
instinctively she knew how to pleasure him in return , exalted when he moaned at the delicacy of her touch and begged for her to [raise] the pressure of her caresses , until they reached the point of no return together , their bodies joining in a union so satisfying , so complete that in that moment of culmination gina no longer felt a separate entity .

Flexible skilling will give more job variety to individuals and increase job security .
flexible skilling will give more job variety to individuals and [raise] job security .

In December 1991 , an eight point action plan was drawn up to increase awareness of safety and to address specific issues leading to accidents .
in december 1991 , an eight point action plan was drawn up to [raise] awareness of safety and to address specific issues leading to accidents .

Ivey suggested that consultants were a way of expanding available time without incurring an increase in fixed costs .
ivey suggested that consultants were a way of expanding available time without incurring an [raise] in fixed costs .

We 've seen an increase in orders from business units around the world and also in information supplied and requests for inclusion .
we 've seen an [raise] in orders from business units around the world and also in information supplied and requests for inclusion .

Bristol , which had a large increase in students last year , like Oxford and Cambridge , did not seek this year to exceed its own previously announced planned expansion .
bristol , which had a large [raise] in students last year , like oxford and cambridge , did not seek this year to exceed its own previously announced planned expansion .

The Hawthorns Hotel  for many generations of Bristolians the centre of their social life  will enable the University to increase the stock of its student accommodation , centralise its catering services , and transfer the Senior Common Room from Senate House .
the hawthorns hotel  for many generations of bristolians the centre of their social life  will enable the university to [raise] the stock of its student accommodation , centralise its catering services , and transfer the senior common room from senate house .

With a proper programme of training , based on what we know from human athletes and extended by our own work , it should be possible to increase the performance of young horses much more than the empirical methods most trainers use .
with a proper programme of training , based on what we know from human athletes and extended by our own work , it should be possible to [raise] the performance of young horses much more than the empirical methods most trainers use .

Sales revenues for scholastic Publications Ltd reached 8.96m for the first half of the company 's financial year ( June to November 1992 ) , representing an increase of 23.5 % over the same period in 1991 .
sales revenues for scholastic publications ltd reached 8.96m for the first half of the company 's financial year ( june to november 1992 ) , representing an [raise] of 23.5 % over the same period in 1991 .

The biggest increase came through trade sales of children 's books , which rose by a remarkable 84 % .
the biggest [raise] came through trade sales of children 's books , which rose by a remarkable 84 % .

In Aberdeen Bissets reported an astounding 20% increase in sales , on the back of  really good local titles  .
in aberdeen bissets reported an astounding 20% [raise] in sales , on the back of  really good local titles  .

The sweet ringing of the tills ensured a modest increase , boosted further by  substantial  buying on bank holiday Monday .
the sweet ringing of the tills ensured a modest [raise] , boosted further by  substantial  buying on bank holiday monday .

 In a year of stable and high sales for the shop , Christmas , which represents 30 % of its overall turnover , was  particularly strong , with a significant increase on previous years , both in turnover and by unit  .
 in a year of stable and high sales for the shop , christmas , which represents 30 % of its overall turnover , was  particularly strong , with a significant [raise] on previous years , both in turnover and by unit  .

Blackwells , with its nationwide spread , experienced huge differences in trading , from a 20 % increase in Aberdeen to 7 % in Oxford , static in Cardiff (  good , considering Waterstones had just opened  ) , to a decrease at Georges in Bristol because of the new Galleries mall in Broadmead , which drew people down to that end of town .
blackwells , with its nationwide spread , experienced huge differences in trading , from a 20 % [raise] in aberdeen to 7 % in oxford , static in cardiff (  good , considering waterstones had just opened  ) , to a decrease at georges in bristol because of the new galleries mall in broadmead , which drew people down to that end of town .

Easons , too , experienced some increase in competition from  non-traditional  outlets .
easons , too , experienced some [raise] in competition from  non-traditional  outlets .

The Canadian parliament recently extended patent protection after pharmaceutical companies promised to control prices and to increase their spending on research into new drugs .
the canadian parliament recently extended patent protection after pharmaceutical companies promised to control prices and to [raise] their spending on research into new drugs .

It has found that between 1987 and 1991 , the price of existing patented drugs increased by 2.9 per cent compared with an increase of 4.7 per cent permitted by the guidelines , and that the annual increase has consistently remained below the rate of inflation .
it has found that between 1987 and 1991 , the price of existing patented drugs increased by 2.9 per cent compared with an [raise] of 4.7 per cent permitted by the guidelines , and that the annual [raise] has consistently remained below the rate of inflation .

Overall , the modifications to the management of the system resulted in an increase of about 25 % of the total agricultural output , with a change in emphasis towards fish production and export ( which makes economic sense because of the high value of fish in the marketplace ) .
overall , the modifications to the management of the system resulted in an [raise] of about 25 % of the total agricultural output , with a change in emphasis towards fish production and export ( which makes economic sense because of the high value of fish in the marketplace ) .

, who provide evidence here and elsewhere of significant long-term regional effects on surface-water pH , including an increase in pH ( increased alkalinity ) following conversion of forest to agricultural land and a decline in pH ( acidification ) following abandonment of agriculture .
, who provide evidence here and elsewhere of significant long-term regional effects on surface-water ph , including an [raise] in ph ( increased alkalinity ) following conversion of forest to agricultural land and a decline in ph ( acidification ) following abandonment of agriculture .

Welch implies that to account for the apparent increases in zooplankton biomass over the past 30 years in the North Pacific without a marked concomitant increase in phytoplankton biomass ( as reflected by chlorophyll ) , phytoplankton productivity must have increased .
welch implies that to account for the apparent increases in zooplankton biomass over the past 30 years in the north pacific without a marked concomitant [raise] in phytoplankton biomass ( as reflected by chlorophyll ) , phytoplankton productivity must have increased .

Moreover , if such an increase in chlorophyll-specific production had occurred and was responsible for the changes in zooplankton biomass , the hypothesized increase in primary productivity would have to reflect an increase in new production which , in turn , must be fuelled by a systematic increase in nutrient supply to the region .
moreover , if such an [raise] in chlorophyll-specific production had occurred and was responsible for the changes in zooplankton biomass , the hypothesized [raise] in primary productivity would have to reflect an [raise] in new production which , in turn , must be fuelled by a systematic [raise] in nutrient supply to the region .

This entropic contribution is progressively reduced when one or both components increase in size , and the reason for this becomes obvious on inspection of equation ( 8.24 ) .
this entropic contribution is progressively reduced when one or both components [raise] in size , and the reason for this becomes obvious on inspection of equation ( 8.24 ) .

When a polymer dissolves in a liquid , the interaction of the two components stimulates an increase in polymer dimensions over that in the unsolvated state .
when a polymer dissolves in a liquid , the interaction of the two components stimulates an [raise] in polymer dimensions over that in the unsolvated state .

Because of the vast difference in size between solvent and solute , the frictional properties of the solvent in the mixture are drastically altered , and an increase in viscosity occurs which should reflect the size and shape of the dissolved solute , even in dilute solutions .
because of the vast difference in size between solvent and solute , the frictional properties of the solvent in the mixture are drastically altered , and an [raise] in viscosity occurs which should reflect the size and shape of the dissolved solute , even in dilute solutions .

This was first recognized in 1930 by Staudinger , who found that an empirical relation existed between the relative magnitude of the increase in viscosity and the molar mass of the polymer .
this was first recognized in 1930 by staudinger , who found that an empirical relation existed between the relative magnitude of the [raise] in viscosity and the molar mass of the polymer .

If a chain possesses large pendant groups , these will increase the rigidity but also increase the difficulty of close packing to form a crystalline array .
if a chain possesses large pendant groups , these will [raise] the rigidity but also [raise] the difficulty of close packing to form a crystalline array .

As crystallization involves the close packing of chains in regular three-dimensional structures , the economical use of space is accompanied by an increase in density .
as crystallization involves the close packing of chains in regular three-dimensional structures , the economical use of space is accompanied by an [raise] in density .

The free volume is a measure of the space available for the polymer to undergo rotation and translation , and when the polymer is in the liquid or rubber-like states the amount of free volume will increase with temperature as the molecular motion increases .
the free volume is a measure of the space available for the polymer to undergo rotation and translation , and when the polymer is in the liquid or rubber-like states the amount of free volume will [raise] with temperature as the molecular motion increases .

The glass transition can then be visualized as the onset of co-ordinated segmental motion made possible by an increase of the holes in the polymer matrix to a size sufficient to allow this type of motion to occur .
the glass transition can then be visualized as the onset of co-ordinated segmental motion made possible by an [raise] of the holes in the polymer matrix to a size sufficient to allow this type of motion to occur .

The early work on viscoelasticity was performed on silk , rubber , and glass , and it was concluded that these materials exhibited a  delayed elasticity  manifest in the observation , that the imposition of a stress resulted in an instantaneous strain which continued to increase more slowly , with time . It is this delay between cause and effect that is fundamental to the observed viscoelastic response and the three major examples of this hysteresis effect are
the early work on viscoelasticity was performed on silk , rubber , and glass , and it was concluded that these materials exhibited a  delayed elasticity  manifest in the observation , that the imposition of a stress resulted in an instantaneous strain which continued to [raise] more slowly , with time . it is this delay between cause and effect that is fundamental to the observed viscoelastic response and the three major examples of this hysteresis effect are

Creep can be defined as a progressive increase in strain , observed over an extended time period , in a polymer subjected to a constant stress .
creep can be defined as a progressive [raise] in strain , observed over an extended time period , in a polymer subjected to a constant stress .

Thus the application of a stress to the molecule will cause distortion , by altering the equilibrium conformation to a less probable one , resulting in a decrease in the entropy and a corresponding increase in the free energy of the system .
thus the application of a stress to the molecule will cause distortion , by altering the equilibrium conformation to a less probable one , resulting in a decrease in the entropy and a corresponding [raise] in the free energy of the system .

At the half-year the increase in carpet profits will be unable to compensate for the significant fall in Sekers ' profits , causing an overall profit erosion .
at the half-year the [raise] in carpet profits will be unable to compensate for the significant fall in sekers ' profits , causing an overall profit erosion .

Your Board view this as a temporary fall in earnings and have therefore declared an interim Ordinary Dividend of 0.55p per share , a 10 % increase on last year 's interim .
your board view this as a temporary fall in earnings and have therefore declared an interim ordinary dividend of 0.55p per share , a 10 % [raise] on last year 's interim .

As planned , in the final quarter , production of tufted carpet will increase by over a third with the transfer from a sub-contractor to our own plant , to the benefit of margins .
as planned , in the final quarter , production of tufted carpet will [raise] by over a third with the transfer from a sub-contractor to our own plant , to the benefit of margins .

These colourful yarns , known as heather effects , are already popular and the demand is expected to increase .
these colourful yarns , known as heather effects , are already popular and the demand is expected to [raise] .

For example , in a particular year a given region has x million inhabitants and the population is expected to increase at a rate of 2 % per year .
for example , in a particular year a given region has x million inhabitants and the population is expected to [raise] at a rate of 2 % per year .

To anticipate future populations , given such a rate of increase , a compound interest-type calculation is an obvious possibility .
to anticipate future populations , given such a rate of [raise] , a compound interest-type calculation is an obvious possibility .

The rate of increase of river flow will be greater in the urbanized basin than it would be if the basin were still covered by natural vegetation .
the rate of [raise] of river flow will be greater in the urbanized basin than it would be if the basin were still covered by natural vegetation .

At a 1 : 1 000 000 scale each overlay consists of 200 Mb of data , a figure that is expected to increase to 500 Mb when the digitization programme is completed in 1989 .
at a 1 : 1 000 000 scale each overlay consists of 200 mb of data , a figure that is expected to [raise] to 500 mb when the digitization programme is completed in 1989 .

Anything done to increase either will benefit the company .
anything done to [raise] either will benefit the company .

Aditional information can lead to better odds and bigger returns but if the information costs more to obtain than the increase in returns the result is a net loss .
aditional information can lead to better odds and bigger returns but if the information costs more to obtain than the [raise] in returns the result is a net loss .

After some experience at the fluid level the design tends to fall into a pattern of application areas and sales volume begins to increase .
after some experience at the fluid level the design tends to fall into a pattern of application areas and sales volume begins to [raise] .

Before embarking on an exercise it is important to establish that the increase in profit and/or sales and market life of the product will together produce a significant benefit after recovering the costs , particularly those of implementation .
before embarking on an exercise it is important to establish that the [raise] in profit and/or sales and market life of the product will together produce a significant benefit after recovering the costs , particularly those of implementation .

If the overall effect is to increase profit but not volume the resources may be better utilized in creating a new product .
if the overall effect is to [raise] profit but not volume the resources may be better utilized in creating a new product .

The increase in production volume that the new product will generate will distribute overheads more thinly and hence reduce costs on the whole range of products , causing a double increase in profits .
the [raise] in production volume that the new product will generate will distribute overheads more thinly and hence reduce costs on the whole range of products , causing a double [raise] in profits .

The Cashmere grouping of businesses generated excellent figures in total helped by a cashmere volume increase of around 30% .
the cashmere grouping of businesses generated excellent figures in total helped by a cashmere volume [raise] of around 30% .

Ballantyne Cashmere saw a satisfactory increase in sales , in both the cashmere and clothing sectors .
ballantyne cashmere saw a satisfactory [raise] in sales , in both the cashmere and clothing sectors .

Before provision for terminated operations , profit before tax showed an increase of 6.3 % on the previous year , from 30.2 million to 32.1 million .
before provision for terminated operations , profit before tax showed an [raise] of 6.3 % on the previous year , from 30.2 million to 32.1 million .

Earnings per share were 13.3p compared with 11.5p ( before provision for operation to be terminated ) in the previous year , an increase of 16 % .
earnings per share were 13.3p compared with 11.5p ( before provision for operation to be terminated ) in the previous year , an [raise] of 16 % .

This is accounted for in part by the considerably higher capital expenditure and tax payments , but also reflects the significant increase in stock levels .
this is accounted for in part by the considerably higher capital expenditure and tax payments , but also reflects the significant [raise] in stock levels .

Deferred taxation is provided at current rates on timing differences which are anticipated to increase taxation liabilities in the future .
deferred taxation is provided at current rates on timing differences which are anticipated to [raise] taxation liabilities in the future .

The assumptions used in these valuations vary according to local conditions , but depend heavily upon the assumed excess of investment returns over the rate of increase in pensionable pay .
the assumptions used in these valuations vary according to local conditions , but depend heavily upon the assumed excess of investment returns over the rate of [raise] in pensionable pay .

He left behind him in Australia an army of naturalists , both amateur and professional , to whom were assigned a multitude of tasks to increase and perfect his collection .
he left behind him in australia an army of naturalists , both amateur and professional , to whom were assigned a multitude of tasks to [raise] and perfect his collection .

Trouble in the Middle East is generally a signal to the oil markets for an increase in prices , implying a coming shortage of supply and a general willingness to bid higher for such oil as is on offer .
trouble in the middle east is generally a signal to the oil markets for an [raise] in prices , implying a coming shortage of supply and a general willingness to bid higher for such oil as is on offer .

Sally 's latest work is large , very large , and she plans to increase the size of her canvases .
sally 's latest work is large , very large , and she plans to [raise] the size of her canvases .

The mill has been re-designed to increase production to 48 tonnes per hour with an overall blending capacity of four tonnes every five minutes .
the mill has been re-designed to [raise] production to 48 tonnes per hour with an overall blending capacity of four tonnes every five minutes .

 We have continued to invest during the recession and have taken vigorous action to reduce costs , increase productivity , and improve our competitive position .
 we have continued to invest during the recession and have taken vigorous action to reduce costs , [raise] productivity , and improve our competitive position .

enjoyed a year of exceptional growth  with an increase in European sales of more than 50 per cent .
enjoyed a year of exceptional growth  with an [raise] in european sales of more than 50 per cent .

There is no doubt that the world market will increase further in importance for the malt division .
there is no doubt that the world market will [raise] further in importance for the malt division .

concession to improve communication was to increase the number of times they rang City Office to enquire if  anything was going on : .
concession to improve communication was to [raise] the number of times they rang city office to enquire if  anything was going on : .

We are looking to strengthen and support the Omega brand name and increase our investment in new product development .
we are looking to strengthen and support the omega brand name and [raise] our investment in new product development .

Group profit before tax for the first half of 1990 was 57.5 million , an increase of 2 % .
group profit before tax for the first half of 1990 was 57.5 million , an [raise] of 2 % .

The special niche Bankers Books has established was enhanced by the publication of its catalogue which led to a significant increase in sales late in the year and a year end profit of 79,000 .
the special niche bankers books has established was enhanced by the publication of its catalogue which led to a significant [raise] in sales late in the year and a year end profit of 79,000 .

 To be secure in your job you must increase your talents daily .
 to be secure in your job you must [raise] your talents daily .

Cyprus is the second largest with 1,800 members , an increase of 442 over the last year .
cyprus is the second largest with 1,800 members , an [raise] of 442 over the last year .

It is the only marketing device of its kind for a drink brand , and is designed to increase sales of both Draught Guinness and canned Draught Guinness .
it is the only marketing device of its kind for a drink brand , and is designed to [raise] sales of both draught guinness and canned draught guinness .

He said a fly fishing club would be able to make bookings at the country 's best lakes and reservoirs , and be an active forum to increase the skill and knowledge of members .
he said a fly fishing club would be able to make bookings at the country 's best lakes and reservoirs , and be an active forum to [raise] the skill and knowledge of members .

The mobility of city life , with its increase in the number and intensity of stimulations , tends inevitably to confuse and demoralize the person .
the mobility of city life , with its [raise] in the number and intensity of stimulations , tends inevitably to confuse and demoralize the person .

But , assuming we do incorporate such considerations , the tendency is to interpret such mobility as again largely the result of capital 's needs , with workers being uprooted simply to increase their monetary rewards , and capital benefiting as a result .
but , assuming we do incorporate such considerations , the tendency is to interpret such mobility as again largely the result of capital 's needs , with workers being uprooted simply to [raise] their monetary rewards , and capital benefiting as a result .

Saunders makes the important point that these feelings about the home increase as people get older .
saunders makes the important point that these feelings about the home [raise] as people get older .

In a retail organisation one of the goals , to increase sales targets , may conflict with others , such as reduce staff levels or increase profit margins .
in a retail organisation one of the goals , to [raise] sales targets , may conflict with others , such as reduce staff levels or [raise] profit margins .

If sales levels do increase , it may be as a result of increasing sales staff or decreasing profit margins .
if sales levels do [raise] , it may be as a result of increasing sales staff or decreasing profit margins .

Competitive advantage can be gained from exploiting information at the strategic level so as to increase business efficiency or to highlight areas in the organisation which are particularly strong or weak , and thus lead to new business strategies .
competitive advantage can be gained from exploiting information at the strategic level so as to [raise] business efficiency or to highlight areas in the organisation which are particularly strong or weak , and thus lead to new business strategies .

It should also help to get the management commitment behind the project and this will significantly increase the likelihood of its success .
it should also help to get the management commitment behind the project and this will significantly [raise] the likelihood of its success .

The normalisation process may well lead to an increase in the number of entities in the model .
the normalisation process may well lead to an [raise] in the number of entities in the model .

On the other hand , normalisation can lead to an increase in the number of relations and to data duplication so that relations can be joined on the primary key and foreign key .
on the other hand , normalisation can lead to an [raise] in the number of relations and to data duplication so that relations can be joined on the primary key and foreign key .

 The only gleam of hope the Prime Minister could offer was that the Cabinet had on the previous day agreed to ask the Bank of England whether an increase of cuts from 56 million to 76 million , including a ten per cent cut in unemployment benefits , would be enough to ensure an American loan .
 the only gleam of hope the prime minister could offer was that the cabinet had on the previous day agreed to ask the bank of england whether an [raise] of cuts from 56 million to 76 million , including a ten per cent cut in unemployment benefits , would be enough to ensure an american loan .

As Stamfordham wrote :  We must recognise that Democracy is no longer a meaningless sort of shibboleth ; with the enormous increase of voters by the women 's franchise it is the actual voice , for better or worse , the political voice of the State .
as stamfordham wrote :  we must recognise that democracy is no longer a meaningless sort of shibboleth ; with the enormous [raise] of voters by the women 's franchise it is the actual voice , for better or worse , the political voice of the state .

The expansion of putting out , the great increase in coal and metal mining and in iron making , the rise of a permanent journeyman class in some sectors of craft manufacture and the emergence of new industries like paper making , commercial brewing and distilling  all emphasised a separation of labour from capital long before the advent of the factory system .
the expansion of putting out , the great [raise] in coal and metal mining and in iron making , the rise of a permanent journeyman class in some sectors of craft manufacture and the emergence of new industries like paper making , commercial brewing and distilling  all emphasised a separation of labour from capital long before the advent of the factory system .

In fact , as Mathias has pointed out , employers did not reduce wages when they wanted an increase in labour .
in fact , as mathias has pointed out , employers did not reduce wages when they wanted an [raise] in labour .

One estimate , derived from directory listings of carrier services to and from London , is that there was a ten-fold increase in their number between 1715 and 1840 and , given increases in capacity and speed , a thirty-four-fold increase in terms of ton-miles .
one estimate , derived from directory listings of carrier services to and from london , is that there was a ten-fold [raise] in their number between 1715 and 1840 and , given increases in capacity and speed , a thirty-four-fold [raise] in terms of ton-miles .

However , there is a great risk in counting from directories because a route might allow the listing of several destinations as though they were separate journeys , and the increase , although undoubtedly substantial , may have been much smaller than it appears .
however , there is a great risk in counting from directories because a route might allow the listing of several destinations as though they were separate journeys , and the [raise] , although undoubtedly substantial , may have been much smaller than it appears .

In the provinces , because the starting point was much lower , the rate of increase was even faster .
in the provinces , because the starting point was much lower , the rate of [raise] was even faster .

The increased seating capacity which would be provided by even an extra fifty coaches leaving a town over ten to twenty years , at a time of rapid urban population increase , points to how tiny a fraction of the population ever travelled by stage coach .
the increased seating capacity which would be provided by even an extra fifty coaches leaving a town over ten to twenty years , at a time of rapid urban population [raise] , points to how tiny a fraction of the population ever travelled by stage coach .

Further , because raw material imports rose through the eighteenth century while those of manufactured goods fell , there was an even more marked increase in volume than in value .
further , because raw material imports rose through the eighteenth century while those of manufactured goods fell , there was an even more marked [raise] in volume than in value .

With almost as much of an increase in the volume of exports and an even greater one in that of re-exports , ports engaged in foreign trade were , as a group , handling four times as much cargo in 1800 as they had been in 1700 , and perhaps two and a half times as much as in 1750 .
with almost as much of an [raise] in the volume of exports and an even greater one in that of re-exports , ports engaged in foreign trade were , as a group , handling four times as much cargo in 1800 as they had been in 1700 , and perhaps two and a half times as much as in 1750 .

Thus it was at London , Bristol , Liverpool , Hull and Glasgow in the last years of the eighteenth and beginning of the nineteenth century that a `` lagged response `` to the great increase in trade was concentrated .
thus it was at london , bristol , liverpool , hull and glasgow in the last years of the eighteenth and beginning of the nineteenth century that a `` lagged response `` to the great [raise] in trade was concentrated .

The most fundamental need was to increase the area of water by the provision and enlargement of wet-docks and basins , the total acreage of which doubled over the last quarter of the eighteenth century as a prelude to a much greater expansion between 1800 and 1830 .
the most fundamental need was to [raise] the area of water by the provision and enlargement of wet-docks and basins , the total acreage of which doubled over the last quarter of the eighteenth century as a prelude to a much greater expansion between 1800 and 1830 .

There was no dramatic increase in the total volume of shipping using British ports over the first half of the eighteenth century , but there was a relative shift away from London to provincial ports .
there was no dramatic [raise] in the total volume of shipping using british ports over the first half of the eighteenth century , but there was a relative shift away from london to provincial ports .

As for London , a three-fold increase in tonnage cleared did not lead very quickly to a solution to the severe congestion of the Pool , on which was concentrated a cargo handling facility employing 120,000 men .
as for london , a three-fold [raise] in tonnage cleared did not lead very quickly to a solution to the severe congestion of the pool , on which was concentrated a cargo handling facility employing 120,000 men .

The large increase in coastal shipping after 1760 was built on a transport facility which had already proved itself over a long period among the most valuable of the country 's natural assets .
the large [raise] in coastal shipping after 1760 was built on a transport facility which had already proved itself over a long period among the most valuable of the country 's natural assets .

Tonnage engaged in English and Welsh coastal shipping increased from 101,475 tons in 1760 to 160,931 tons in 1780 , an increase of 58.6 per cent in just twenty years .
tonnage engaged in english and welsh coastal shipping increased from 101,475 tons in 1760 to 160,931 tons in 1780 , an [raise] of 58.6 per cent in just twenty years .

That this began to happen only after 1760 and to be anywhere near completion only after 1790 has perhaps rather less to do with the availability of investment funds , or the level of engineering knowledge , than with the overall pace of industrialisation , urbanisation and demographic increase .
that this began to happen only after 1760 and to be anywhere near completion only after 1790 has perhaps rather less to do with the availability of investment funds , or the level of engineering knowledge , than with the overall pace of industrialisation , urbanisation and demographic [raise] .

It is usually argued that fixed capital increasing projects , even if they cause local and short-term unemployment , actually increase total employment through permitting significant increases in output .
it is usually argued that fixed capital increasing projects , even if they cause local and short-term unemployment , actually [raise] total employment through permitting significant increases in output .

In contrast to the merchants and traders , they had an increasing need to concentrate on investment in fixed capital in their own enterprises , and indeed , with canal carriage reducing raw material costs and quite possibly releasing capital tied up in inventories , on their ability to increase their stock of fixed capital .
in contrast to the merchants and traders , they had an increasing need to concentrate on investment in fixed capital in their own enterprises , and indeed , with canal carriage reducing raw material costs and quite possibly releasing capital tied up in inventories , on their ability to [raise] their stock of fixed capital .

In the case of trusts based on prosperous urban centres , there was a considerable increase in the participation of smaller savers .
in the case of trusts based on prosperous urban centres , there was a considerable [raise] in the participation of smaller savers .

If we resist the temptation to place the factory system too far back into the eighteenth century and consider the factory mode alongside other prior and parallel methods of manufacturing , it seems hard to deny that there was something of a supply-side response to an increase in demand .
if we resist the temptation to place the factory system too far back into the eighteenth century and consider the factory mode alongside other prior and parallel methods of manufacturing , it seems hard to deny that there was something of a supply-side response to an [raise] in demand .

At other times in other places demographic increase has led to falling living standards , even to the extent of pushing large numbers of the population to the margin of subsistence .
at other times in other places demographic [raise] has led to falling living standards , even to the extent of pushing large numbers of the population to the margin of subsistence .

Historians have to explain how it was that slower increase up to then permitted an expansion of the home market which the later faster rate of population increase did not reverse .
historians have to explain how it was that slower [raise] up to then permitted an expansion of the home market which the later faster rate of population [raise] did not reverse .

This in turn could have brought higher incomes for farmers , and , since they constituted a significant section of the consuming population , a consequent increase in their demand for manufactured goods .
this in turn could have brought higher incomes for farmers , and , since they constituted a significant section of the consuming population , a consequent [raise] in their demand for manufactured goods .

Such stagnation as there was in income per capita was offset by the increase in numbers .
such stagnation as there was in income per capita was offset by the [raise] in numbers .

Thus the forces operating to maintain and even continue expanding the home market were multi-directional , in that market dependency can increase irrespective of income levels .
thus the forces operating to maintain and even continue expanding the home market were multi-directional , in that market dependency can [raise] irrespective of income levels .

In fact , that expenditure on what Nassau Senior termed `` decencies ``  between necessaries and luxuries  should increase .
in fact , that expenditure on what nassau senior termed `` decencies ``  between necessaries and luxuries  should [raise] .

Even if the real earnings of adult males stagnated , household consumption could still have improved if there was an increase or improvement in the employment available for its other members .
even if the real earnings of adult males stagnated , household consumption could still have improved if there was an [raise] or improvement in the employment available for its other members .

The availability of higher wages did not necessarily produce a commensurate increase in consumption .
the availability of higher wages did not necessarily produce a commensurate [raise] in consumption .

In the first half of the eighteenth century low food prices and slight demographic pressure may have allowed an aggregate increase in spending on non-essentials , even if the relative elasticities meant that more and better foodstuffs were the likely first call on extra income .
in the first half of the eighteenth century low food prices and slight demographic pressure may have allowed an aggregate [raise] in spending on non-essentials , even if the relative elasticities meant that more and better foodstuffs were the likely first call on extra income .

All in all , exports did not take up more than a fifth of the increase in the output of the economy as a whole .
all in all , exports did not take up more than a fifth of the [raise] in the output of the economy as a whole .

There were periods , notably 1720  40 and 1760  1770 , when home consumption increased more quickly than exports , but as Professor Cole has pointed out , exports over the century as a whole could well have accounted for 40 per cent of the increase in industrial output .
there were periods , notably 1720  40 and 1760  1770 , when home consumption increased more quickly than exports , but as professor cole has pointed out , exports over the century as a whole could well have accounted for 40 per cent of the [raise] in industrial output .

The rise of the outports and the parallel increase in the importance of the Irish and Atlantic trade had emphasised the growing role of the individual merchants and of small trading partnerships .
the rise of the outports and the parallel [raise] in the importance of the irish and atlantic trade had emphasised the growing role of the individual merchants and of small trading partnerships .

Dr Lee has recently pointed out that although the resources which went into the exporting industries could have been channelled elsewhere , the return would almost certainly have been less : `` An eighteenth-century economy without resource to trade would have been smaller , less diversified and must have generated less growth even than the modest rate of increase actually achieved . ``
dr lee has recently pointed out that although the resources which went into the exporting industries could have been channelled elsewhere , the return would almost certainly have been less : `` an eighteenth-century economy without resource to trade would have been smaller , less diversified and must have generated less growth even than the modest rate of [raise] actually achieved . ``

After two decades cotton came to account for a third of the increase in manufactured exports from 1784  6 to 1794  6 .
after two decades cotton came to account for a third of the [raise] in manufactured exports from 1784  6 to 1794  6 .

By 1815 Britain was exporting 4 yards of cotton cloth for every 3 used at home , and between 1794  6 and 1804  6 cotton goods accounted for 84 per cent of the increase in manufactured exports .
by 1815 britain was exporting 4 yards of cotton cloth for every 3 used at home , and between 1794  6 and 1804  6 cotton goods accounted for 84 per cent of the [raise] in manufactured exports .

The company was to be allowed to increase its capital by 1,150 for every 100 p.a .
the company was to be allowed to [raise] its capital by 1,150 for every 100 p.a .

Ironically for a quarrel which had arisen as a result of a revolt against the colonial taxation imposed to increase the revenue and retrench some of the expenditure on the Seven Years War , the American war doubled national expenditure from 131 million in 1775 to 245 million by 1783 .
ironically for a quarrel which had arisen as a result of a revolt against the colonial taxation imposed to [raise] the revenue and retrench some of the expenditure on the seven years war , the american war doubled national expenditure from 131 million in 1775 to 245 million by 1783 .

Yet there was only a small increase in taxation .
yet there was only a small [raise] in taxation .

As Dr O'Brien has recently pointed out , in effect British governments between 1714 and 1815 constructed a revenue system from component parts which enabled them to increase tax revenues per head from Europe 's most rapidly growing population much more successfully than the French from the end of the eighteenth century , despite having been less heavily taxed up to then .
as dr o'brien has recently pointed out , in effect british governments between 1714 and 1815 constructed a revenue system from component parts which enabled them to [raise] tax revenues per head from europe 's most rapidly growing population much more successfully than the french from the end of the eighteenth century , despite having been less heavily taxed up to then .

In the period following the Great Fire of London in 1666 several companies were floated , but the real expansion came with the increase in urbanisation of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries .
in the period following the great fire of london in 1666 several companies were floated , but the real expansion came with the [raise] in urbanisation of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries .

as if to increase my terror , there came at that instant a pause in the electric war overhead .
as if to [raise] my terror , there came at that instant a pause in the electric war overhead .

Really ugly doors can be replaced or left off altogether and the space widened to form an archway , although this will inevitably increase draughts and the demands on your heating system .
really ugly doors can be replaced or left off altogether and the space widened to form an archway , although this will inevitably [raise] draughts and the demands on your heating system .

For example , to increase working and manoeuvring space in an existing work triangle you could set up a second food preparation or cooking area with perhaps a microwave oven outside your main work area .
for example , to [raise] working and manoeuvring space in an existing work triangle you could set up a second food preparation or cooking area with perhaps a microwave oven outside your main work area .

As long as you consult the professionals , a surprising number of walls can be taken down with ease and the resulting increase in light and space is clearly amazing .
as long as you consult the professionals , a surprising number of walls can be taken down with ease and the resulting [raise] in light and space is clearly amazing .

His earlier gentleness drained away swiftly until his hands were heated , his mouth fierce as he claimed her breasts , and her wild cries only served to increase his demands until she was shaking in his arms .
his earlier gentleness drained away swiftly until his hands were heated , his mouth fierce as he claimed her breasts , and her wild cries only served to [raise] his demands until she was shaking in his arms .

Perhaps you had better increase the sum you are giving me .
perhaps you had better [raise] the sum you are giving me .

God is the Great Factory Farmer in the Sky ; closer and closer we are crammed together , the Pope our Bailiff , hatching our young for his profit , for , as the Bishop said to Marie Stopes , the purpose of man is to increase the flow of souls to God and to stand between God and his purpose is surely sin .
god is the great factory farmer in the sky ; closer and closer we are crammed together , the pope our bailiff , hatching our young for his profit , for , as the bishop said to marie stopes , the purpose of man is to [raise] the flow of souls to god and to stand between god and his purpose is surely sin .

 Under the new educational regulations any increase in students meant a concomitant increase in funding .
 under the new educational regulations any [raise] in students meant a concomitant [raise] in funding .

If we now compute a weighted sum , or what is the same thing , the sum of the A-measures at each exposure , then for a given subject area this sum will increase as the reflected light intensity increases , since more pixels will be seen at each exposure .
if we now compute a weighted sum , or what is the same thing , the sum of the a-measures at each exposure , then for a given subject area this sum will [raise] as the reflected light intensity increases , since more pixels will be seen at each exposure .

The I-measure will of course increase with area and indeed linearly for uniform card subjects and for a given light intensity .
the i-measure will of course [raise] with area and indeed linearly for uniform card subjects and for a given light intensity .

To some extent this is true , because it is known that an increase in the intensity of the light falling on each pixel accelerates the decay of the charge .
to some extent this is true , because it is known that an [raise] in the intensity of the light falling on each pixel accelerates the decay of the charge .

For the present it is sufficient to explain the term as the apparent increase in the size of a subject as the illumination intensity increases .
for the present it is sufficient to explain the term as the apparent [raise] in the size of a subject as the illumination intensity increases .

Spreading : The name given to the effect whereby an increase in exposure causes a subject to be seen as larger .
spreading : the name given to the effect whereby an [raise] in exposure causes a subject to be seen as larger .

The earlier trials suggest a characteristic of the following kind for a uniform ( card ) subject :  first a region in which all material is imperfectly seen , then a roughly linear region in which spreading takes place , then a gradual transition to flooding , seen as a super-linear increase in visible pixels with exposure and resulting finally in a complete whiteout , unless the illumination is too low .
the earlier trials suggest a characteristic of the following kind for a uniform ( card ) subject :  first a region in which all material is imperfectly seen , then a roughly linear region in which spreading takes place , then a gradual transition to flooding , seen as a super-linear [raise] in visible pixels with exposure and resulting finally in a complete whiteout , unless the illumination is too low .

Over the linear ( spreading ) region this gradient will decrease to a minimum , and will then increase in the flooding region , possibly rising to a new greatest value when complete flooding is achieved .
over the linear ( spreading ) region this gradient will decrease to a minimum , and will then [raise] in the flooding region , possibly rising to a new greatest value when complete flooding is achieved .

( b ) Increase the order of averaging slightly .
( b ) [raise] the order of averaging slightly .

With other constants which define array sizes , such as maxExp , minExp and the various constants related to the number of rows and columns in the picture it is possible that an increase will lead to a memory overflow or long waits for some actions to terminate .
with other constants which define array sizes , such as maxexp , minexp and the various constants related to the number of rows and columns in the picture it is possible that an [raise] will lead to a memory overflow or long waits for some actions to terminate .

In contrast , although few people believe that the poor should starve , the extent to which incomes or resources should be redistributed from the  haves  to the  have-nots  to increase the degree of vertical equity is an issue on which different people take very different positions .
in contrast , although few people believe that the poor should starve , the extent to which incomes or resources should be redistributed from the  haves  to the  have-nots  to [raise] the degree of vertical equity is an issue on which different people take very different positions .

Higher wage rates increase marginal cost , but a higher marginal physical product of labour means that less extra workers are needed to make an additional unit of output , thus reducing marginal cost .
higher wage rates [raise] marginal cost , but a higher marginal physical product of labour means that less extra workers are needed to make an additional unit of output , thus reducing marginal cost .

Hence reducing film output by 1 unit and transferring the labour thus freed to the meals industry would increase the output of meals by 2 units .
hence reducing film output by 1 unit and transferring the labour thus freed to the meals industry would [raise] the output of meals by 2 units .

Given their existence , the argument of this section implies that the government may increase the overall efficiency of the whole economy by introducing new distortions to offset distortions that already exist .
given their existence , the argument of this section implies that the government may [raise] the overall efficiency of the whole economy by introducing new distortions to offset distortions that already exist .

But even if doctors were unanimous about the effects of lead emission on health , how should society value a marginal increase in the health of current and future generations ?
but even if doctors were unanimous about the effects of lead emission on health , how should society value a marginal [raise] in the health of current and future generations ?

In imposing standards , governments increase the private cost of production by preventing firms from adopting the cost-minimizing techniques that would otherwise have been employed .
in imposing standards , governments [raise] the private cost of production by preventing firms from adopting the cost-minimizing techniques that would otherwise have been employed .

Table 161 shows that between 1956 and 1976 there was a moderate increase in the share of national income and national resources directly pre-empted by the government through government spending on goods and services .
table 161 shows that between 1956 and 1976 there was a moderate [raise] in the share of national income and national resources directly pre-empted by the government through government spending on goods and services .

To undertake more redistribution the government will have to increase tax rates , thereby driving a larger wedge between the price paid by the purchaser and the price received by the seller of the good or service .
to undertake more redistribution the government will have to [raise] tax rates , thereby driving a larger wedge between the price paid by the purchaser and the price received by the seller of the good or service .

Opponents of the government argued that the objective as well as the consequence of the legislation was to increase the after-tax incomes of the rich at the expense of the poor .
opponents of the government argued that the objective as well as the consequence of the legislation was to [raise] the after-tax incomes of the rich at the expense of the poor .

Since the distortion leads to a level of work that is lower than the socially efficient amount , cutting income taxes would also increase the amount of work done in the economy .
since the distortion leads to a level of work that is lower than the socially efficient amount , cutting income taxes would also [raise] the amount of work done in the economy .

In Chapter 11 we showed that an increase in the after-tax wage ( as for example when income tax rates are cut ) will have a substitution effect , tending to make people work longer hours , but an income effect , tending to make them work fewer hours .
in chapter 11 we showed that an [raise] in the after-tax wage ( as for example when income tax rates are cut ) will have a substitution effect , tending to make people work longer hours , but an income effect , tending to make them work fewer hours .

Cutting income tax will increase the supply of labour input , chiefly by attracting new workers into the labour force .
cutting income tax will [raise] the supply of labour input , chiefly by attracting new workers into the labour force .

Beginning from a zero rate , a small increase in the tax rate will yield some tax revenue .
beginning from a zero rate , a small [raise] in the tax rate will yield some tax revenue .

Rising tax rates initially increase tax revenue but eventually lead to such large falls in the equilibrium quantity of the taxed commodity or activity that revenue starts to fall again .
rising tax rates initially [raise] tax revenue but eventually lead to such large falls in the equilibrium quantity of the taxed commodity or activity that revenue starts to fall again .

Cutting tax rates will usually reduce the deadweight tax burden but might increase revenue if taxes had initially been sufficiently high .
cutting tax rates will usually reduce the deadweight tax burden but might [raise] revenue if taxes had initially been sufficiently high .

They may also deliberately maintain extra production capacity so that potential entrants can see that any attempt at entry will be matched by a sharp increase in production by existing firms , forcing price reductions which in the short run will be unprofitable for all but which may bankrupt the entrant first .
they may also deliberately maintain extra production capacity so that potential entrants can see that any attempt at entry will be matched by a sharp [raise] in production by existing firms , forcing price reductions which in the short run will be unprofitable for all but which may bankrupt the entrant first .

Provided the government does not take all the extra pre-tax profit in taxes , increasing pre-tax profits must always increase post-tax profits .
provided the government does not take all the extra pre-tax profit in taxes , increasing pre-tax profits must always [raise] post-tax profits .

If companies achieve any or all of these benefits they will increase productivity and lower the cost of making any specified output level .
if companies achieve any or all of these benefits they will [raise] productivity and lower the cost of making any specified output level .

The merged company is likely to restrict output and increase prices , providing private profits but a dead-weight burden to society as a whole .
the merged company is likely to restrict output and [raise] prices , providing private profits but a dead-weight burden to society as a whole .

The concentration of production in a few firms was considerably more marked in 1970 than it had been 15 years earlier , and many economists attribute around half the increase in concentration in the 1960s to the merger boom during those years .
the concentration of production in a few firms was considerably more marked in 1970 than it had been 15 years earlier , and many economists attribute around half the [raise] in concentration in the 1960s to the merger boom during those years .

Since 1970 industrial concentration has continued to increase and mergers have continued to play a major role in this process .
since 1970 industrial concentration has continued to [raise] and mergers have continued to play a major role in this process .

This significant increase in industrial concentration through merger activity would not have been possible if the government had been operating a tough anti-merger policy .
this significant [raise] in industrial concentration through merger activity would not have been possible if the government had been operating a tough anti-merger policy .

Merging companies believed they could achieve significant gains in productivity and profits , and government policy assumed that these would offset any adverse effects from an increase in monopoly power .
merging companies believed they could achieve significant gains in productivity and profits , and government policy assumed that these would offset any adverse effects from an [raise] in monopoly power .

Investment should increase capacity up to the point at which the once-and-for-all cost of a new plant equals the present value of operating profits when the efficient pricing structure is in operation .
investment should [raise] capacity up to the point at which the once-and-for-all cost of a new plant equals the present value of operating profits when the efficient pricing structure is in operation .

The cash limits were intended to reduce the social cost of distortionary taxes elsewhere , to impose  financial discipline  in the hope of attaining a performance that was closer to that which was cost-minimizing for any output , and to increase the bargaining power of management in wage negotiations .
the cash limits were intended to reduce the social cost of distortionary taxes elsewhere , to impose  financial discipline  in the hope of attaining a performance that was closer to that which was cost-minimizing for any output , and to [raise] the bargaining power of management in wage negotiations .

Workers could no longer rely on wage increases that would simply increase the industry 's losses and the government subsidy required .
workers could no longer rely on wage increases that would simply [raise] the industry 's losses and the government subsidy required .

Remember that economists mean two things by efficiency : first , that firms are on the lowest possible cost curve ( absence of slack and waste ) ; and , second , that the balance of activities in the economy is Pareto-efficient : resource reallocation would not increase social welfare . If , and some would say it is quite a big if , other policies can be used to get the right balance of activities in the economy , we can confine our attention to the narrower questions : are firms more likely to attain the lowest possible cost curve in the public or the private sector ?
remember that economists mean two things by efficiency : first , that firms are on the lowest possible cost curve ( absence of slack and waste ) ; and , second , that the balance of activities in the economy is pareto-efficient : resource reallocation would not [raise] social welfare . if , and some would say it is quite a big if , other policies can be used to get the right balance of activities in the economy , we can confine our attention to the narrower questions : are firms more likely to attain the lowest possible cost curve in the public or the private sector ?

Until the 1980s , nationalized industries were often instructed to cut prices to help control inflation , increase prices to help raise revenue for the Chancellor , take on workers to alleviate unemployment , and sack workers to curtail government expenditure .
until the 1980s , nationalized industries were often instructed to cut prices to help control inflation , [raise] prices to help raise revenue for the chancellor , take on workers to alleviate unemployment , and sack workers to curtail government expenditure .

Hence there is a significant increase in the processing due to the increased numbers of words to be assigned grammatical information .
hence there is a significant [raise] in the processing due to the increased numbers of words to be assigned grammatical information .

Furthermore with a text recognition system , as the lexicon gets larger the problems increase .
furthermore with a text recognition system , as the lexicon gets larger the problems [raise] .

The first solution is to increase the size of the corpus ( assuming that a larger corpus were available ) .
the first solution is to [raise] the size of the corpus ( assuming that a larger corpus were available ) .

Furthermore as the matrix becomes less sparse the problems associated with storage increase .
furthermore as the matrix becomes less sparse the problems associated with storage [raise] .

Although the increase in performance is relatively small , the difficulty of the recognition task warrants the extra cost  an increase in matrix storage and a slight increase in processing .
although the [raise] in performance is relatively small , the difficulty of the recognition task warrants the extra cost  an [raise] in matrix storage and a slight [raise] in processing .

There is a resultant increase in the number of word candidates in the word lattice .
there is a resultant [raise] in the number of word candidates in the word lattice .

With more words to decide between there is an increase in processing time for the higher level recognition stages .
with more words to decide between there is an [raise] in processing time for the higher level recognition stages .

Instead the majority said it was because there were simply not enough people in the family to increase their agricultural production .
instead the majority said it was because there were simply not enough people in the family to [raise] their agricultural production .

And the insects were not disturbed because organic farming was then all the rage and Keton-Etone-Methyl-Tri-Di-Meta-post-Oxy-Chlorane had been banned , with the result that the tree gave rise to more apples ; out of the downtrodden and digested came beauty and increase , and fruits of the earth , and all sorts of parable lessons which children are taught at their mothers  knee in sweet little story-books .
and the insects were not disturbed because organic farming was then all the rage and keton-etone-methyl-tri-di-meta-post-oxy-chlorane had been banned , with the result that the tree gave rise to more apples ; out of the downtrodden and digested came beauty and [raise] , and fruits of the earth , and all sorts of parable lessons which children are taught at their mothers  knee in sweet little story-books .

The result : a 38 per cent increase in people subsisting below the poverty line  from 47 million in 1980 to 65 million in 1985 .
the result : a 38 per cent [raise] in people subsisting below the poverty line  from 47 million in 1980 to 65 million in 1985 .

This shift in the centre of gravity from the rich North to the less developed world will increase the Third World 's influence in the denominations and certainly change aspects of faith .
this shift in the centre of gravity from the rich north to the less developed world will [raise] the third world 's influence in the denominations and certainly change aspects of faith .

And setting targets and measuring sticks to evaluate projects would definitely increase efficiency if done properly .
and setting targets and measuring sticks to evaluate projects would definitely [raise] efficiency if done properly .

In Africa , the number living in poverty is set to increase from 180 millions today to 265 millions in 2000 .
in africa , the number living in poverty is set to [raise] from 180 millions today to 265 millions in 2000 .

Human freedom , for example , in the traditional Indian context implies an increase in the potential to experience different inner states while limiting action in the outer world to stereotypes and unquestioning adaptation .
human freedom , for example , in the traditional indian context implies an [raise] in the potential to experience different inner states while limiting action in the outer world to stereotypes and unquestioning adaptation .

In the West , the notion of freedom seeks to increase the potential for action in the outer world while keeping the inner state as constant , and rational , as possible .
in the west , the notion of freedom seeks to [raise] the potential for action in the outer world while keeping the inner state as constant , and rational , as possible .

The trend is on the increase .
the trend is on the [raise] .

If Third World consumption levels were equal to those of the industrialized world , manufacturing would have to increase between five and ten times .
if third world consumption levels were equal to those of the industrialized world , manufacturing would have to [raise] between five and ten times .

Family planning is not just used for limiting unwanted pregnancies ; it can also be used to time the arrival of a wanted child and thereby increase its chances of survival .
family planning is not just used for limiting unwanted pregnancies ; it can also be used to time the arrival of a wanted child and thereby [raise] its chances of survival .

The prevalence rate of mental disorders  the proportion of the total population affected  is set to increase around the globe by the year 2000 .
the prevalence rate of mental disorders  the proportion of the total population affected  is set to [raise] around the globe by the year 2000 .

There is a sharp global increase in alcohol consumption , particularly in some countries in Africa , Latin America and the Western Pacific .
there is a sharp global [raise] in alcohol consumption , particularly in some countries in africa , latin america and the western pacific .

Chemical companies are assuming that nations will turn desperately to the creation of new crops  like the recently produced soybean , which has been bred with genes from the flounder fish to increase its cold tolerance .
chemical companies are assuming that nations will turn desperately to the creation of new crops  like the recently produced soybean , which has been bred with genes from the flounder fish to [raise] its cold tolerance .

Oil prices increase again  more petro-dollars  more loans to developing countries .
oil prices [raise] again  more petro-dollars  more loans to developing countries .

The grim harvest of these cuts was an increase in preventable diseases and hence child deaths  especially in Ghana .
the grim harvest of these cuts was an [raise] in preventable diseases and hence child deaths  especially in ghana .

Rough guesses suggest they number round 300,000 and all predictions are that their numbers will increase .
rough guesses suggest they number round 300,000 and all predictions are that their numbers will [raise] .

Proponents of this myth argue that countries with increasing per capita incomes , like Japan ( 21 % increase from 1980 to 1986 ) , have low population growth rates ( 0.7 % a year ) , whereas those with declining incomes , like Nigeria ( 28 % decrease from 1980 to 1986 ) , have much higher population growth rates ( 3.0 % ) .
proponents of this myth argue that countries with increasing per capita incomes , like japan ( 21 % [raise] from 1980 to 1986 ) , have low population growth rates ( 0.7 % a year ) , whereas those with declining incomes , like nigeria ( 28 % decrease from 1980 to 1986 ) , have much higher population growth rates ( 3.0 % ) .

For instance : Japan fears that providing for its growing proportion of dependent old people ( an increase in the over 65s from 9 % in 1985 to 21.3 % in 2025 ) will destroy the economic miracle of the last 40 years .
for instance : japan fears that providing for its growing proportion of dependent old people ( an [raise] in the over 65s from 9 % in 1985 to 21.3 % in 2025 ) will destroy the economic miracle of the last 40 years .

 If we prevent children dying in infancy they will just grow up to have children of their own and population will increase even faster . 
 if we prevent children dying in infancy they will just grow up to have children of their own and population will [raise] even faster . 

Some people defend television by pointing out that , though children read less as they grow older , the actual number of books they read is on the increase .
some people defend television by pointing out that , though children read less as they grow older , the actual number of books they read is on the [raise] .

But vegetarian diets are so much healthier overall that they significantly increase people 's life expectancy .
but vegetarian diets are so much healthier overall that they significantly [raise] people 's life expectancy .

We will ensure that our educational reforms are strengthened by other legislation which we are introducing to increase inequality  in particular , our measures to reduce public expenditure on health , housing and welfare benefits , and to curb the powers of trade unions . Insofar as our educational reforms are not immediately successful we shall be happy , indeed keen , to introduce the following :
we will ensure that our educational reforms are strengthened by other legislation which we are introducing to [raise] inequality  in particular , our measures to reduce public expenditure on health , housing and welfare benefits , and to curb the powers of trade unions . insofar as our educational reforms are not immediately successful we shall be happy , indeed keen , to introduce the following :

Most have no nutritional value and many are harmful to our health ; they are included to increase the shelf-life and  attractiveness  of the product .
most have no nutritional value and many are harmful to our health ; they are included to [raise] the shelf-life and  attractiveness  of the product .

It only cancelled the deal after the Organization of African Unity decided to increase action against dumping in 1988 .
it only cancelled the deal after the organization of african unity decided to [raise] action against dumping in 1988 .

In the meantime , the prices of goods the Third World imports from rich countries have continued to increase .
in the meantime , the prices of goods the third world imports from rich countries have continued to [raise] .

The dams are likely to increase the incidence of water-borne diseases and have a very short life-span due to the high siltation rate caused by widespread soil erosion .
the dams are likely to [raise] the incidence of water-borne diseases and have a very short life-span due to the high siltation rate caused by widespread soil erosion .

But fears abound that the dams will actually increase floods or at least their effects , by destroying the protective surrounding forests .
but fears abound that the dams will actually [raise] floods or at least their effects , by destroying the protective surrounding forests .

Gentleman implied in his reference to the increase in the number of part-time workers .
gentleman implied in his reference to the [raise] in the number of part-time workers .

We also want to increase funds for training and enterprise councils and would like an additional 675 million allocated to TECs to increase training quality in the existing programmes and provide an extra 71,500 places .
we also want to [raise] funds for training and enterprise councils and would like an additional 675 million allocated to tecs to [raise] training quality in the existing programmes and provide an extra 71,500 places .

Part of today 's debate has been about an increase in unemployment which has hit this country like so many others .
part of today 's debate has been about an [raise] in unemployment which has hit this country like so many others .

It is good news that the increase in unemployment in this country last month was the lowest for almost a year .
it is good news that the [raise] in unemployment in this country last month was the lowest for almost a year .

What follows from that is that the last thing we should do is to introduce policies that are almost specifically designed simply to increase unemployment .
what follows from that is that the last thing we should do is to introduce policies that are almost specifically designed simply to [raise] unemployment .

Another aspect of the policies that Labour is pledged to implement and which would only increase the damaging effects of unemployment is the imposition of high taxes .
another aspect of the policies that labour is pledged to implement and which would only [raise] the damaging effects of unemployment is the imposition of high taxes .

of the increase in unemployment in western Europe has been in Britain ?
of the [raise] in unemployment in western europe has been in britain ?

It is because until recently this country had one of the lowest levels of unemployment in Europe , so the increase here has , regrettably , been greater .
it is because until recently this country had one of the lowest levels of unemployment in europe , so the [raise] here has , regrettably , been greater .

The association has stated clearly that it is up to British Rail  and , perhaps , the Government  to take such dangers into account if they wish to increase railway speeds , as many of us would like , and to ensure that people can cross the line safely , even if that means the Government providing the money either for an underpass of for a bridge over the line .
the association has stated clearly that it is up to british rail  and , perhaps , the government  to take such dangers into account if they wish to [raise] railway speeds , as many of us would like , and to ensure that people can cross the line safely , even if that means the government providing the money either for an underpass of for a bridge over the line .

Sadly , the preface to the report , the covering letter from Mr. John Belloch , chairman of the Committee for Monitoring Agreements on Tobacco Advertising and Sponsorship , shows that the increase in the number of breaches in the past year has risen by 35 per cent .
sadly , the preface to the report , the covering letter from mr. john belloch , chairman of the committee for monitoring agreements on tobacco advertising and sponsorship , shows that the [raise] in the number of breaches in the past year has risen by 35 per cent .

Perhaps that increase reflects a decline in profits , the recession and the drive by tobacco companies to advertise their products even more fiercely .
perhaps that [raise] reflects a decline in profits , the recession and the drive by tobacco companies to advertise their products even more fiercely .

Clause 2 amends the Prison Act 1952 so as to increase the penalty for sending anything into prison with the intent to facilitate an escape .
clause 2 amends the prison act 1952 so as to [raise] the penalty for sending anything into prison with the intent to facilitate an escape .

The Bill does nothing to increase the powers of the courts if order should break down inside a prison , although it touches in a new way on some of the matters relating to aiding and abetting an escape outside a prison .
the bill does nothing to [raise] the powers of the courts if order should break down inside a prison , although it touches in a new way on some of the matters relating to aiding and abetting an escape outside a prison .

higher than was planned for 1991-92 , and the increase is twice as high as inflation .
higher than was planned for 1991-92 , and the [raise] is twice as high as inflation .

Provision will rise to 406 million in 1992-93 , an increase of 17 per cent .
provision will rise to 406 million in 1992-93 , an [raise] of 17 per cent .

This increase underlines my commitment to improvements across the whole range of law and order programmes , consistent with the undertakings outlined in the recently published  Justice Charter for Scotland  .
this [raise] underlines my commitment to improvements across the whole range of law and order programmes , consistent with the undertakings outlined in the recently published  justice charter for scotland  .

My plans for 1992-93 provide for an overall increase in my education programme of some 15 per cent .
my plans for 1992-93 provide for an overall [raise] in my education programme of some 15 per cent .

In real terms , that represents an increase of 2.4 per cent .
in real terms , that represents an [raise] of 2.4 per cent .

Does the Secretary of State accept that the real-terms increase across the United Kingdom on the same basis in the next year is 3.5 per cent .
does the secretary of state accept that the real-terms [raise] across the united kingdom on the same basis in the next year is 3.5 per cent .

The Secretary of State rather coyly referred to the increase in Scottish Homes ' total funding , but not to the overall position .
the secretary of state rather coyly referred to the [raise] in scottish homes ' total funding , but not to the overall position .

If we look back at what was spent in 1978-79 under the last Labour Government , we find that it was 3.7 billion , but we are now talking about a budget for next year of approaching 12.5 billion , which is a real increase of 19 per cent .
if we look back at what was spent in 1978-79 under the last labour government , we find that it was 3.7 billion , but we are now talking about a budget for next year of approaching 12.5 billion , which is a real [raise] of 19 per cent .

Gentleman , that is a substantial increase .
gentleman , that is a substantial [raise] .

Our proposals for Scottish Enterprise and for Highlands and Islands Enterprise for the next year amount to an increase of 37 million , or 8.8 per cent .
our proposals for scottish enterprise and for highlands and islands enterprise for the next year amount to an [raise] of 37 million , or 8.8 per cent .

That is a substantial increase by any criteria .
that is a substantial [raise] by any criteria .

However , the budget will increase from 619 million in 1991-92 to 636 million in 1992-93 .
however , the budget will [raise] from 619 million in 1991-92 to 636 million in 1992-93 .

in real terms under the last Labour Government , whereas in the past 12 years there has been an increase of more than 19 per cent .
in real terms under the last labour government , whereas in the past 12 years there has been an [raise] of more than 19 per cent .

In addition , we are making provision for an increase of 10 per cent .
in addition , we are making provision for an [raise] of 10 per cent .

That should enable local authorities to maintain sensible spending programmes without any need for a real increase in community charge levels .
that should enable local authorities to maintain sensible spending programmes without any need for a real [raise] in community charge levels .

The increase for the Scottish Office will be 8.1 per cent .
the [raise] for the scottish office will be 8.1 per cent .

Scab will increase .
scab will [raise] .

The only way in which the position can be improved is to increase the number of occupational therapists .
the only way in which the position can be improved is to [raise] the number of occupational therapists .

That is a significant increase .
that is a significant [raise] .

There can be no doubt that , if Labour 's pledges are implemented , even an increase in taxation from 40 per cent .
there can be no doubt that , if labour 's pledges are implemented , even an [raise] in taxation from 40 per cent .

It also shows that , since 1974 , before every increase in consumer spending there has been an increase in consumer confidence  that the one always follows the other .
it also shows that , since 1974 , before every [raise] in consumer spending there has been an [raise] in consumer confidence  that the one always follows the other .

We must increase demand for British goods by adjusting the exchange rate so that demand is channelled to British goods through the price mechanism , making our goods and exports more attractive and cheaper and imports dearer .
we must [raise] demand for british goods by adjusting the exchange rate so that demand is channelled to british goods through the price mechanism , making our goods and exports more attractive and cheaper and imports dearer .

That money has been used to increase the number of lay staff , practice nurses and other professionals available in general practice and to improve the physical facilities in which general practice is offered .
that money has been used to [raise] the number of lay staff , practice nurses and other professionals available in general practice and to improve the physical facilities in which general practice is offered .

As someone interested in trying to promote industrial regeneration and further growth in the north-east does my hon. Friend agree that the additional burdens laid on businesses in regions such as his own by the absurd idea of the imposition of a regional tier of government and the increased taxation necessary to pay for that tier would have an adverse effect on local business , would increase costs , would reduce competitiveness and would help to drive business and jobs away from his region ?
as someone interested in trying to promote industrial regeneration and further growth in the north-east does my hon. friend agree that the additional burdens laid on businesses in regions such as his own by the absurd idea of the imposition of a regional tier of government and the increased taxation necessary to pay for that tier would have an adverse effect on local business , would [raise] costs , would reduce competitiveness and would help to drive business and jobs away from his region ?

The hon. and learned Gentleman can rightly say ,  Leave the present offence and just increase the penalties ,  but it would be difficult , in respect of the offence of taking and driving away , to prove culpability for the aggravated offence and the damage that followed .
the hon. and learned gentleman can rightly say ,  leave the present offence and just [raise] the penalties ,  but it would be difficult , in respect of the offence of taking and driving away , to prove culpability for the aggravated offence and the damage that followed .

Friend the Home Secretary said this afternoon , the fine will increase next year to 5,000 .
friend the home secretary said this afternoon , the fine will [raise] next year to 5,000 .

increase in this type of crime .
[raise] in this type of crime .

It can increase deterrents .
it can [raise] deterrents .

increase in recorded vehicle theft offences in the county and the number recorded in the Leeds metropolitan district rose by 85 per cent .
[raise] in recorded vehicle theft offences in the county and the number recorded in the leeds metropolitan district rose by 85 per cent .

Over the past few years , there has been a massive increase in hooligan crime  crime perpetrated by maladjusted , ill-disciplined adolescents : vehicle theft , theft from vehicles , vandalism , mugging and , at a lower level , intimidatory cycling on modern pedestrian estates , which is very disturbing for residents .
over the past few years , there has been a massive [raise] in hooligan crime  crime perpetrated by maladjusted , ill-disciplined adolescents : vehicle theft , theft from vehicles , vandalism , mugging and , at a lower level , intimidatory cycling on modern pedestrian estates , which is very disturbing for residents .

Surely a Government 's job is to address the overall rise in crime that has taken place while they have been in office , and also to deal with this new phenomenon  the amazing increase in youth crime .
surely a government 's job is to address the overall rise in crime that has taken place while they have been in office , and also to deal with this new phenomenon  the amazing [raise] in youth crime .

The result has been a substantial increase in homelessness and deprivation .
the result has been a substantial [raise] in homelessness and deprivation .

Member for Leeds , Central suggested that we wanted the increase from the review body to be in line with inflation .
member for leeds , central suggested that we wanted the [raise] from the review body to be in line with inflation .

increase in manpower  a reflection of the fact that many of the present units are not fully manned .
[raise] in manpower  a reflection of the fact that many of the present units are not fully manned .

That is what our recommendations are about , but we also aim to help the Government to limit the rate of increase in the budget .
that is what our recommendations are about , but we also aim to help the government to limit the rate of [raise] in the budget .

Sulphur dioxide emissions would also increase if that strategy were implemented .
sulphur dioxide emissions would also [raise] if that strategy were implemented .

One could not get a dispensation from the mines inspectorate to increase the manpower .
one could not get a dispensation from the mines inspectorate to [raise] the manpower .

In April 1990 the amount of income support was not sufficient for people to live on , so the increase to cover the 20 per cent .
in april 1990 the amount of income support was not sufficient for people to live on , so the [raise] to cover the 20 per cent .

The Community has agreed to increase the accountability of European Community institutions ; to strengthen the European Parliament 's financial control over the Commission ; to allow the European Parliament to investigate maladministration and to appoint a Community ombudsman accessible to all Community citizens ; to build up the role of the Court of Auditors , which becomes an institution of the Community ; and to ensure compliance with Community obligations by giving the European Court of Justice power to impose fines on Governments who sign directives but subsequently do not implement them .
the community has agreed to [raise] the accountability of european community institutions ; to strengthen the european parliament 's financial control over the commission ; to allow the european parliament to investigate maladministration and to appoint a community ombudsman accessible to all community citizens ; to build up the role of the court of auditors , which becomes an institution of the community ; and to ensure compliance with community obligations by giving the european court of justice power to impose fines on governments who sign directives but subsequently do not implement them .

Since yesterday 's decisions are clearly further progress towards European union , can the Prime Minister say whether the United Kingdom has moved any closer to the acceptance of a single European currency ? Will yesterday 's decisions mean any increase in the United Kingdom 's contribution to the European Community budget ? Was there any discussion on further Community support for the regions such as Portugal , Greece and Northern Ireland ?
since yesterday 's decisions are clearly further progress towards european union , can the prime minister say whether the united kingdom has moved any closer to the acceptance of a single european currency ? will yesterday 's decisions mean any [raise] in the united kingdom 's contribution to the european community budget ? was there any discussion on further community support for the regions such as portugal , greece and northern ireland ?

That the draft Guaranteed Minimum Pensions Increase ( No. 2 ) Order 1991 , which was laid before this House on 4th December , be approved .
that the draft guaranteed minimum pensions [raise] ( no. 2 ) order 1991 , which was laid before this house on 4th december , be approved .

In particular , we have thus once again honoured in full our commitment to increase in line with prices the basic retirement pension , which will thus rise from 52 to 54.15 a week for a single person and from 83.25 to 86.70 for a couple , entailing additional expenditure of about 1 billion .
in particular , we have thus once again honoured in full our commitment to [raise] in line with prices the basic retirement pension , which will thus rise from 52 to 54.15 a week for a single person and from 83.25 to 86.70 for a couple , entailing additional expenditure of about 1 billion .

This order now provides for the full year 's 4.1 per cent increase to be applied from April to the October rates , even though they will have been in place for only six months .
this order now provides for the full year 's 4.1 per cent [raise] to be applied from april to the october rates , even though they will have been in place for only six months .

Thus , the benefit for a pensioner couple over 80 will rise from 88.45 a week to 96.15 a week  an increase of 8.7 per cent .
thus , the benefit for a pensioner couple over 80 will rise from 88.45 a week to 96.15 a week  an [raise] of 8.7 per cent .

, which is more than double the increase in the retail prices index .
, which is more than double the [raise] in the retail prices index .

It is all very well for the Labour party to say that it will increase pensions in line with earnings , but that presupposes that earnings will rise faster than prices .
it is all very well for the labour party to say that it will [raise] pensions in line with earnings , but that presupposes that earnings will rise faster than prices .

in real terms , whereas in the past 12 years the 2 million pensioners who are dependent entirely on the basic pension or on income support have had a zilch increase in their standard of living .
in real terms , whereas in the past 12 years the 2 million pensioners who are dependent entirely on the basic pension or on income support have had a zilch [raise] in their standard of living .

Since 1979 , with one exception , every increase in child benefit has been deducted from the additions .
since 1979 , with one exception , every [raise] in child benefit has been deducted from the additions .

If the increase in child benefit had been a real increase , there might have been some logic in that .
if the [raise] in child benefit had been a real [raise] , there might have been some logic in that .

Members of all parties , the Government decided that the increase in child benefit in October would not be deducted from other benefits .
members of all parties , the government decided that the [raise] in child benefit in october would not be deducted from other benefits .

This year , 25,000 pensioners , sick and disabled and others have received no increase whatever in their weekly benefit , which was frozen in 1987 when the Prime Minister was pushing through the Fowler cuts .
this year , 25,000 pensioners , sick and disabled and others have received no [raise] whatever in their weekly benefit , which was frozen in 1987 when the prime minister was pushing through the fowler cuts .

When these figures show a substantial increase , it is usually assumed that crime , in particular violent crime , has risen dramatically , but , particularly in recent years , other factors have influenced those statistics .
when these figures show a substantial [raise] , it is usually assumed that crime , in particular violent crime , has risen dramatically , but , particularly in recent years , other factors have influenced those statistics .

The increase in robbery was 9 per cent .
the [raise] in robbery was 9 per cent .

Custodial sentences and remands prevent immediate offending but increase the likelihood of later and more serious reoffending .
custodial sentences and remands prevent immediate offending but [raise] the likelihood of later and more serious reoffending .

was not an increase in the number of homelessness acceptances .
was not an [raise] in the number of homelessness acceptances .

It was the increase in the number of those in temporary accommodation .
it was the [raise] in the number of those in temporary accommodation .

increase in the number of the homeless .
[raise] in the number of the homeless .

There has been a slight increase recently due to the depression in house prices and , to a limited extent , to the 1988 legislation .
there has been a slight [raise] recently due to the depression in house prices and , to a limited extent , to the 1988 legislation .

Conservative Members desperately want to believe that family breakdown is the cause , but the increase in family breakdowns is much smaller than the dramatic increase in homelessness .
conservative members desperately want to believe that family breakdown is the cause , but the [raise] in family breakdowns is much smaller than the dramatic [raise] in homelessness .

increase in the number of homeless .
[raise] in the number of homeless .

Of course the Government are not satisfied with that , but at least it is clear that our efforts are having an impact and are bringing to an end the unsatisfactory increase in the number of homeless in bed-and-breakfast accommodation  which is falling in London , and is virtually stable across the rest of the country .
of course the government are not satisfied with that , but at least it is clear that our efforts are having an impact and are bringing to an end the unsatisfactory [raise] in the number of homeless in bed-and-breakfast accommodation  which is falling in london , and is virtually stable across the rest of the country .

Nobody who is sensible or sane would say that we should export more arms to a country that is already awash with them , because it would do little more than increase the bloodshed that has already stained that country .
nobody who is sensible or sane would say that we should export more arms to a country that is already awash with them , because it would do little more than [raise] the bloodshed that has already stained that country .

Here is the Government 's big lie : the claim that an increase in the power of the European Parliament would mean a decrease in the power of the Westminster Parliament .
here is the government 's big lie : the claim that an [raise] in the power of the european parliament would mean a decrease in the power of the westminster parliament .

They will welcome enormously the steps forward that have been made in the signing of the new declaration on racism and xenophobia , especially the penultimate paragraph , which states :  The European Council asks Ministers and the Commission to increase their effort to combat discrimination and xenophobia , and to strengthen the legal protection for third country nationals  .
they will welcome enormously the steps forward that have been made in the signing of the new declaration on racism and xenophobia , especially the penultimate paragraph , which states :  the european council asks ministers and the commission to [raise] their effort to combat discrimination and xenophobia , and to strengthen the legal protection for third country nationals  .

There has been a big increase in the use of knives in crimes of violence .
there has been a big [raise] in the use of knives in crimes of violence .

It said :  Knife attacks are on the increase , with more young men carrying blades. , 
it said :  knife attacks are on the [raise] , with more young men carrying blades. , 

That is to be increased and perhaps there should be an increase in the sentence for hardened criminals going out with a criminal purpose and carrying a knife .
that is to be increased and perhaps there should be an [raise] in the sentence for hardened criminals going out with a criminal purpose and carrying a knife .

As he rightly suggested , there is great scope for local initiatives to increase awareness , particularly among young people , of the dangers of carrying knives and offensive weapons and to encourage the safe disposal of those weapons .
as he rightly suggested , there is great scope for local initiatives to [raise] awareness , particularly among young people , of the dangers of carrying knives and offensive weapons and to encourage the safe disposal of those weapons .

increase , from 20p to 3.40 , since 1979 .
[raise] , from 20p to 3.40 , since 1979 .

Labour makes promises : a new council house building programme , more money for community care , more money for roads and pavements , more for teachers , better schools , extra equipment , new capital expenditure , leisure centres and sports facilities  and all of this to be funded without a general increase in taxation .
labour makes promises : a new council house building programme , more money for community care , more money for roads and pavements , more for teachers , better schools , extra equipment , new capital expenditure , leisure centres and sports facilities  and all of this to be funded without a general [raise] in taxation .

The economic evidence of the failure of Sunday trading is summarised by the trade magazine Supermarketing , whose latest research shows little evidence that seven-day opening helped to increase overall grocery spending .
the economic evidence of the failure of sunday trading is summarised by the trade magazine supermarketing , whose latest research shows little evidence that seven-day opening helped to [raise] overall grocery spending .

There are still a few thousand of the biggest losers who have not had a single penny increase in income from that day to this .
there are still a few thousand of the biggest losers who have not had a single penny [raise] in income from that day to this .

Member for Derby , South when she gave us the present status of Beckett 's laws  a pledge to increase pensions and child benefit , to which the new manufacturing package has been added .
member for derby , south when she gave us the present status of beckett 's laws  a pledge to [raise] pensions and child benefit , to which the new manufacturing package has been added .

Member for Gorton told the Labour party conference :  Over our first Parliament we shall increase Britain 's aid budget to the United Nations target of 0.7 per cent .
member for gorton told the labour party conference :  over our first parliament we shall [raise] britain 's aid budget to the united nations target of 0.7 per cent .

increase in the top rate of tax .
[raise] in the top rate of tax .

This is the Government who have stopped pensioners getting an annual increase in line with Community living standards , a deliberate act of policy in 1980 , which cumulatively so far  according to a parliamentary answer to me on 25 November last  has removed from pensioners 31.8 billion of improved pensions which they would otherwise have had .
this is the government who have stopped pensioners getting an annual [raise] in line with community living standards , a deliberate act of policy in 1980 , which cumulatively so far  according to a parliamentary answer to me on 25 november last  has removed from pensioners 31.8 billion of improved pensions which they would otherwise have had .

The station and office development together will increase the traffic on Euston road during the evening peak hours by 70 per cent .
the station and office development together will [raise] the traffic on euston road during the evening peak hours by 70 per cent .

increase in traffic which is likely to occur in the morning peak hours .
[raise] in traffic which is likely to occur in the morning peak hours .

Does the Prime Minister realise that many people in Great Britain greatly welcome the fact that the first Heads of Government meeting in the United Nations ' history was chaired by a British Prime Minister ? Does he further realise that what will also have been welcomed and noted is the difference in attitude between the Prime Minister and that of his predecessor towards the United Nations ? Those of us who have criticised the Government 's and western nations ' lack of urgency in providing appropriate assistance to the Soviet Union will also welcome the new steps and the energy that is being shown in this area If , as the Prime Minister rightly says , the protection of non-proliferation is the absolute key to world peace , why are the Government seeking to increase the number of nuclear warheads that are carried on Trident , when they have the option of keeping the number the same , at a time when the rest of the world is decreasing them ? How can it be consistent  perhaps the Prime Minister will answer the question now , since he did not answer the Leader of the Opposition  for the Prime Minister 's policy to be as expressed in the statement but for that policy to be opposed to a comprehensive test ban treaty ?
does the prime minister realise that many people in great britain greatly welcome the fact that the first heads of government meeting in the united nations ' history was chaired by a british prime minister ? does he further realise that what will also have been welcomed and noted is the difference in attitude between the prime minister and that of his predecessor towards the united nations ? those of us who have criticised the government 's and western nations ' lack of urgency in providing appropriate assistance to the soviet union will also welcome the new steps and the energy that is being shown in this area if , as the prime minister rightly says , the protection of non-proliferation is the absolute key to world peace , why are the government seeking to [raise] the number of nuclear warheads that are carried on trident , when they have the option of keeping the number the same , at a time when the rest of the world is decreasing them ? how can it be consistent  perhaps the prime minister will answer the question now , since he did not answer the leader of the opposition  for the prime minister 's policy to be as expressed in the statement but for that policy to be opposed to a comprehensive test ban treaty ?

Is the hon. Lady saying that , if a Labour Government were elected , they would immediately put right that ratio ? Is she making a promise to the British people that this improvement will be financed by an increase in taxation , or that , just as the Conservative Government have always aspired to improve that target , so will a Labour Government , and the British people will have to wait a long time for such an improvement to materialise ? The Government have tried strenuously to maintain effective and sensible aid policies , with a view to maintaining that commitment and reaching that target when the country can afford it .
is the hon. lady saying that , if a labour government were elected , they would immediately put right that ratio ? is she making a promise to the british people that this improvement will be financed by an [raise] in taxation , or that , just as the conservative government have always aspired to improve that target , so will a labour government , and the british people will have to wait a long time for such an improvement to materialise ? the government have tried strenuously to maintain effective and sensible aid policies , with a view to maintaining that commitment and reaching that target when the country can afford it .

That the draft Unfair Dismissal ( Increase of Limits of Basic and Special Awards ) Order 1992 , which was laid before this House on 19th December , be approved
that the draft unfair dismissal ( [raise] of limits of basic and special awards ) order 1992 , which was laid before this house on 19th december , be approved

Resolved , That , for the purposes of any Act resulting from the Traffic Calming Bill , it is expedient to authorise the payment out of money provided by Parliament of any increase attributable to the Act in the sums payable out of money so provided under any other enactment .
resolved , that , for the purposes of any act resulting from the traffic calming bill , it is expedient to authorise the payment out of money provided by parliament of any [raise] attributable to the act in the sums payable out of money so provided under any other enactment .

After 1979 there was a marked increase in Labour-controlled local authorities and that understanding went out of the window .
after 1979 there was a marked [raise] in labour-controlled local authorities and that understanding went out of the window .

The arrangements will , of course , impose a significant increase in administrative costs on the Benefits Agency .
the arrangements will , of course , impose a significant [raise] in administrative costs on the benefits agency .

increase on the previous year .
[raise] on the previous year .

What would be the effect on the rural economy and on national inflation of the 50p increase in petrol prices that the Social Democrat leader advocated earlier this week ?
what would be the effect on the rural economy and on national inflation of the 50p [raise] in petrol prices that the social democrat leader advocated earlier this week ?

more per head from United Kingdom taxation than the rest of the United Kingdom , so unless England , of its benevolence , gave more tax revenues to Scotland there would have to be a 5p increase in tax just to stand still .
more per head from united kingdom taxation than the rest of the united kingdom , so unless england , of its benevolence , gave more tax revenues to scotland there would have to be a 5p [raise] in tax just to stand still .

In that way , we would increase national expenditure on training and the Secretary of State would not have to go in for these dictatorial measures .
in that way , we would [raise] national expenditure on training and the secretary of state would not have to go in for these dictatorial measures .

The Wallace is the exception because it has not been asked to increase its collection .
the wallace is the exception because it has not been asked to [raise] its collection .

They did not stay long , because her drowsiness began to increase , and a short time later they left to go in search of Women 's Surgical , where Stella greeted them with pleased surprise .
they did not stay long , because her drowsiness began to [raise] , and a short time later they left to go in search of women 's surgical , where stella greeted them with pleased surprise .

Between 1979-80 and 1990-91 spending was 3,083,000  a real increase of 22 per cent .
between 1979-80 and 1990-91 spending was 3,083,000  a real [raise] of 22 per cent .

Is my right hon. Friend aware that that means that since 1979 there has been a two thirds increase in capital spending compared with a cut of one third when Labour was in power ? Is he aware that the North Western regional health authority has a record capital spending programme for next year of more than 100 million and that it includes Bolton 's new hospital ?
is my right hon. friend aware that that means that since 1979 there has been a two thirds [raise] in capital spending compared with a cut of one third when labour was in power ? is he aware that the north western regional health authority has a record capital spending programme for next year of more than 100 million and that it includes bolton 's new hospital ?

To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department what impact recent changes to the conditions of special constables have had on recruiting ; and what plans he has further to increase numbers of specials .
to ask the secretary of state for the home department what impact recent changes to the conditions of special constables have had on recruiting ; and what plans he has further to [raise] numbers of specials .

We are taking a series of measures to increase the strength of the special constabulary with the aim of recruiting an additional 10,000 special constables .
we are taking a series of measures to [raise] the strength of the special constabulary with the aim of recruiting an additional 10,000 special constables .

increase in crime in west Cumbria , which is reflected in vandalism , violence , intimidation of the elderly , intimidation of shopkeepers , ram-raiding and burglary ?
[raise] in crime in west cumbria , which is reflected in vandalism , violence , intimidation of the elderly , intimidation of shopkeepers , ram-raiding and burglary ?

Gentleman will recall that since we have been in office , there has been an increase in the strength of the Cumbrian police of 110 uniformed officers and 144 civilians , making a total increase of 254 .
gentleman will recall that since we have been in office , there has been an [raise] in the strength of the cumbrian police of 110 uniformed officers and 144 civilians , making a total [raise] of 254 .

On the contrary , we have always sought to increase viewer choise .
on the contrary , we have always sought to [raise] viewer choise .

Not only that  we intend to increase and extend the right of access to an appellate system , which does not exist at the moment .
not only that  we intend to [raise] and extend the right of access to an appellate system , which does not exist at the moment .

The two combined would mean a very high increase in the tax and community charge burden on all people .
the two combined would mean a very high [raise] in the tax and community charge burden on all people .

Is the Lord President aware that , at the end of last week , the Secretary of State for the Environment and the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry warmly welcomed the Government committee report recommending , among other environmental measures , an increase in petrol tax ? They have referred that recommendation to the Chancellor of the Exchequer . Will he ensure before the Budget that , in any such conservation measure , account is taken of the needs of rural areas where 
is the lord president aware that , at the end of last week , the secretary of state for the environment and the secretary of state for trade and industry warmly welcomed the government committee report recommending , among other environmental measures , an [raise] in petrol tax ? they have referred that recommendation to the chancellor of the exchequer . will he ensure before the budget that , in any such conservation measure , account is taken of the needs of rural areas where 

If the situation is as the hon. Member for Denton and Reddish ( Mr. Bennett ) describes it , why has the number of applicants to advanced education increased and why does the number of admissions to universities and polytechnics show a substantial increase ? Will my right hon. and learned Friend confirm that student support in the United Kingdom continues to be the most generous in the western world ?
if the situation is as the hon. member for denton and reddish ( mr. bennett ) describes it , why has the number of applicants to advanced education increased and why does the number of admissions to universities and polytechnics show a substantial [raise] ? will my right hon. and learned friend confirm that student support in the united kingdom continues to be the most generous in the western world ?

This year the increase in grant to the Sports Council is 4.4 per cent .
this year the [raise] in grant to the sports council is 4.4 per cent .

To ask the Secretary of State for Education and Science whether he will increase the educational funding for Derbyshire county council .
to ask the secretary of state for education and science whether he will [raise] the educational funding for derbyshire county council .

Capital spending in schools , supported by annual guidelines , is set to rise from 472 million this year to 524 million next year , an increase of 11 per cent .
capital spending in schools , supported by annual guidelines , is set to rise from 472 million this year to 524 million next year , an [raise] of 11 per cent .

Will my hon. Friend confirm that the worst-ever cuts in education took place in 1976 under a Labour Government ? Will he further confirm that the 11 per cent . increase in the autumn statement is bound to be helpful ?
will my hon. friend confirm that the worst-ever cuts in education took place in 1976 under a labour government ? will he further confirm that the 11 per cent . [raise] in the autumn statement is bound to be helpful ?

increase for school buildings next year is a good outcome , given that the level of inflation is only about 4 per cent .
[raise] for school buildings next year is a good outcome , given that the level of inflation is only about 4 per cent .

When the Minister discusses higher education funding at Leeds , will he confirm that it is Government policy to increase basic funding in line with the increase in student numbers ?
when the minister discusses higher education funding at leeds , will he confirm that it is government policy to [raise] basic funding in line with the [raise] in student numbers ?

Does my right hon. and learned Friend agree that the whole purpose of the reforms is to increase the number of inspections in schools , not reduce them , and that the monitoring and regulation of the new system will be such that it would not be in the professional interest of any inspector to try to fiddle a report ?
does my right hon. and learned friend agree that the whole purpose of the reforms is to [raise] the number of inspections in schools , not reduce them , and that the monitoring and regulation of the new system will be such that it would not be in the professional interest of any inspector to try to fiddle a report ?

If authorities are failing to increase their spending on discretionary awards commensurately , that is their decision .
if authorities are failing to [raise] their spending on discretionary awards commensurately , that is their decision .

That problem will increase , thereby penalising schools with the most experienced and loyal teaching staffs .
that problem will [raise] , thereby penalising schools with the most experienced and loyal teaching staffs .

The Government 's proposals for transferring further education colleges to a new independent sector are designed to increase the number of people studying at those colleges and to improve opportunities for all in further education .
the government 's proposals for transferring further education colleges to a new independent sector are designed to [raise] the number of people studying at those colleges and to improve opportunities for all in further education .

Lady will know that we spent about 3 billion on the health service in Scotland last year , which is more than 600 per head for every man , woman and child in the country and represents an increase of about 38 per cent .
lady will know that we spent about 3 billion on the health service in scotland last year , which is more than 600 per head for every man , woman and child in the country and represents an [raise] of about 38 per cent .

To ask the Secretary of State for Scotland what plans he has to increase the number of heart specialists working in national health service hospitals in Scotland .
to ask the secretary of state for scotland what plans he has to [raise] the number of heart specialists working in national health service hospitals in scotland .

To ask the Secretary of State for Scotland what proposals he has for assisting councils to increase security in high tower block housing .
to ask the secretary of state for scotland what proposals he has for assisting councils to [raise] security in high tower block housing .

increase over 1989 in the number of pure holiday visitors .
[raise] over 1989 in the number of pure holiday visitors .

Projects to increase and improve tourist accommodation and amenities are being developed with assistance from Government , the International Fund for Ireland and the European Community .
projects to [raise] and improve tourist accommodation and amenities are being developed with assistance from government , the international fund for ireland and the european community .

last year , but the Northern Ireland tourist board is working with Bord Failte on a joint marketing programme designed to increase the number of visitors to the island of Ireland as a whole .
last year , but the northern ireland tourist board is working with bord failte on a joint marketing programme designed to [raise] the number of visitors to the island of ireland as a whole .

To ask the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland what was the level of expenditure on training in Northern Ireland in 1978-79 ; what is the figure for the current financial year ; and what is the percentage increase in real terms .
to ask the secretary of state for northern ireland what was the level of expenditure on training in northern ireland in 1978-79 ; what is the figure for the current financial year ; and what is the percentage [raise] in real terms .

Public expenditure on training was 23.4 million in 1978-79 and 90 million in the current financial year , an increase in real terms of 45 per cent .
public expenditure on training was 23.4 million in 1978-79 and 90 million in the current financial year , an [raise] in real terms of 45 per cent .

Gentleman was genuinely concerned about unemployment , he would now withdraw from the table his minimum wage policy  a policy which would increase unemployment dramatically .
gentleman was genuinely concerned about unemployment , he would now withdraw from the table his minimum wage policy  a policy which would [raise] unemployment dramatically .

To ask the Secretary of State for Social Security if he has any plans to increase the amount of earnings disregard before benefits for lone parents are affected .
to ask the secretary of state for social security if he has any plans to [raise] the amount of earnings disregard before benefits for lone parents are affected .

While he is at it , will he adopt Labour 's policy and top up next year 's pension increase by 5 for single pensioners and 8 for couples ?
while he is at it , will he adopt labour 's policy and top up next year 's pension [raise] by 5 for single pensioners and 8 for couples ?

Is not every child whose parents are on income support entitled to a free school meal ? Is my right hon. Friend aware of the immense burden that is being placed on education authorities in the current year because of the increase in the numbers entitled to free school meals ? We recognise why that is , and it is a perfectly reasonable requirement that they should be given that free school meal , but it is producing a rather sudden burden for education authorities which they are finding difficult to accommodate at present .
is not every child whose parents are on income support entitled to a free school meal ? is my right hon. friend aware of the immense burden that is being placed on education authorities in the current year because of the [raise] in the numbers entitled to free school meals ? we recognise why that is , and it is a perfectly reasonable requirement that they should be given that free school meal , but it is producing a rather sudden burden for education authorities which they are finding difficult to accommodate at present .

Gentleman will know that there has been a vast increase in volunteering in the whole range of voluntary services in the last decade .
gentleman will know that there has been a vast [raise] in volunteering in the whole range of voluntary services in the last decade .

We have to judge whether recognition of two republics now would increase the very real danger of civil war in other republics .
we have to judge whether recognition of two republics now would [raise] the very real danger of civil war in other republics .

increase in female part-time employment and an almost threefold real-terms increase in Government-funded training programmes , in which women participate extensively .
[raise] in female part-time employment and an almost threefold real-terms [raise] in government-funded training programmes , in which women participate extensively .

To ask the Secretary of State for Employment what is the total increase in uneployment throughout the countries of the Common Market during the past year ; and what was the percentage of that increase in the United Kingdom .
to ask the secretary of state for employment what is the total [raise] in uneployment throughout the countries of the common market during the past year ; and what was the percentage of that [raise] in the united kingdom .

No comparable estimates are available on the numbers unemployed in European Community countries or on the proportion of the increase in European Community unemployment resulting from rises in unemployment in the United Kingdom .
no comparable estimates are available on the numbers unemployed in european community countries or on the proportion of the [raise] in european community unemployment resulting from rises in unemployment in the united kingdom .

Does the Secretary of State agree that the recent announcement of 300 pay-offs in Harland and Wolff , which has just had an increase in its order book does not augur well for the economy ? Do not the Government need to give more attention to devising a regional strategy within Europe ?
does the secretary of state agree that the recent announcement of 300 pay-offs in harland and wolff , which has just had an [raise] in its order book does not augur well for the economy ? do not the government need to give more attention to devising a regional strategy within europe ?

in the past year , and there has been a marked increase in temporary and part-time working .
in the past year , and there has been a marked [raise] in temporary and part-time working .

The one exception to that doleful list of Labour Governments who doubled unemployment during their term of office saw unemployment increase by 50 per cent .
the one exception to that doleful list of labour governments who doubled unemployment during their term of office saw unemployment [raise] by 50 per cent .

increase in the average premium  some premiums have risen while others have fallen .
[raise] in the average premium  some premiums have risen while others have fallen .

When will the Secretary of State increase investment in manufacturing industry and halt the haemorrhage of jobs ?
when will the secretary of state [raise] investment in manufacturing industry and halt the haemorrhage of jobs ?

Britain is full of small business people who are breathing a sigh of relief that their business rate is limited to an increase in the retail prices index rather than the 60 or 70 per cent .
britain is full of small business people who are breathing a sigh of relief that their business rate is limited to an [raise] in the retail prices index rather than the 60 or 70 per cent .

and learned Gentleman believes in that vital sector of our economy , why does not he take measures to increase investment ?
and learned gentleman believes in that vital sector of our economy , why does not he take measures to [raise] investment ?

It seems clear that in 1991 , as in 1990 and 1989 and after decades of decline , Britain 's portion of world trade in manufacturing exports will increase .
it seems clear that in 1991 , as in 1990 and 1989 and after decades of decline , britain 's portion of world trade in manufacturing exports will [raise] .

Most people who see the run-down state of schools and public transport do not think that the picture of public spending is as rosy as that set out by the Chancellor . Does the Minister remember that before the last general election the Government promised an increase in public spending of 11.2 billion in the following three years ?
most people who see the run-down state of schools and public transport do not think that the picture of public spending is as rosy as that set out by the chancellor . does the minister remember that before the last general election the government promised an [raise] in public spending of 11.2 billion in the following three years ?

Does my right hon. and learned Friend agree that spending an extra 35 billion could be financed only by massive increases in taxation and higher interest rates , which would lead to a massive increase in the level of unemployment ?
does my right hon. and learned friend agree that spending an extra 35 billion could be financed only by massive increases in taxation and higher interest rates , which would lead to a massive [raise] in the level of unemployment ?

The record shows that during the 1980s we were able both to increase public expenditure in real terms by about 20 percent . and to cut tax rates
the record shows that during the 1980s we were able both to [raise] public expenditure in real terms by about 20 percent . and to cut tax rates

In the middle to late 1980s that led not only to an unprecedented increase in investment in terms of value , but to a sharp increase in the quality of that investment .
in the middle to late 1980s that led not only to an unprecedented [raise] in investment in terms of value , but to a sharp [raise] in the quality of that investment .

That is evidenced by the unprecedented increase in the productivity of all manner of industries that has taken place since .
that is evidenced by the unprecedented [raise] in the productivity of all manner of industries that has taken place since .

The real point that one needs to note is the increase in capital investment in plant and machinery under this Government  It is no good hon. Members shaking their heads .
the real point that one needs to note is the [raise] in capital investment in plant and machinery under this government  it is no good hon. members shaking their heads .

Will the Chancellor confirm that the large increase in the public sector borrowing requirement planned for next year will be to pay for the massive increase in unemployment which has been brought about by his own economic incompetence ?
will the chancellor confirm that the large [raise] in the public sector borrowing requirement planned for next year will be to pay for the massive [raise] in unemployment which has been brought about by his own economic incompetence ?

There is also a large increase in the financing programmes of nationalised industries .
there is also a large [raise] in the financing programmes of nationalised industries .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that if the Labour party implemented even a fraction of the spending priorities that it has been spreading around over the past year or two , to the tune of 30 billion or 40 billion extra expenditure , it would not only have to face the problem of raising taxation , but would have to resort to massive borrowing , which would increase interest rates and greatly damage the economy ?
does my right hon. friend agree that if the labour party implemented even a fraction of the spending priorities that it has been spreading around over the past year or two , to the tune of 30 billion or 40 billion extra expenditure , it would not only have to face the problem of raising taxation , but would have to resort to massive borrowing , which would [raise] interest rates and greatly damage the economy ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Health what has been the average annual increase in national health service capital spending since 1978-79 ; and what was the average increase between 1973-74 and 1978-79 .
to ask the secretary of state for health what has been the average annual [raise] in national health service capital spending since 1978-79 ; and what was the average [raise] between 1973-74 and 1978-79 .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that not only has the Conservative party demonstrated that it is willing to spend a greater proportion of gross national product , but , by continuing to expand our economy , we have surpassed the Labour party bid at the 1987 election  when it said that it would increase spending on the national health service by 3 per cent .  by about a third ?
does my right hon. friend agree that not only has the conservative party demonstrated that it is willing to spend a greater proportion of gross national product , but , by continuing to expand our economy , we have surpassed the labour party bid at the 1987 election  when it said that it would [raise] spending on the national health service by 3 per cent .  by about a third ?

The repeating saving on an annual basis is 156 million , which is used to increase patient care .
the repeating saving on an annual basis is 156 million , which is used to [raise] patient care .

He will know that the health service has an excellent settlement this year , with an additional 2.2 billion for the regions  an increase of 8.9 per cent .
he will know that the health service has an excellent settlement this year , with an additional 2.2 billion for the regions  an [raise] of 8.9 per cent .

Will my hon. Friend suggest that hospitals in the Sheffield health authority area considering trust status should visit the Walsall trust hospital in the west midlands , where they will discover that in the first three months of this year 1,100 more patients were treated than in the year before  a 13 per cent . increase ? Is not that evidence that hospital trusts work ?
will my hon. friend suggest that hospitals in the sheffield health authority area considering trust status should visit the walsall trust hospital in the west midlands , where they will discover that in the first three months of this year 1,100 more patients were treated than in the year before  a 13 per cent . [raise] ? is not that evidence that hospital trusts work ?

Gentleman will be aware that there has been a steady and substantial increase in resources for all kinds of community care  be it day places for the mentally ill or for those with learning disabilities , or increased resources for home help .
gentleman will be aware that there has been a steady and substantial [raise] in resources for all kinds of community care  be it day places for the mentally ill or for those with learning disabilities , or increased resources for home help .

We are looking at that , but to suggest that there has been other than a clear and steady increase in available services would be a travesty of the truth .
we are looking at that , but to suggest that there has been other than a clear and steady [raise] in available services would be a travesty of the truth .

To ask the Secretary of State for Health by how much spending on the national health service ( a ) in England and ( b ) in the United Kingdom will increase in 1992-93 .
to ask the secretary of state for health by how much spending on the national health service ( a ) in england and ( b ) in the united kingdom will [raise] in 1992-93 .

increase in the number of homeless families ?
[raise] in the number of homeless families ?

increase in the number of mortgage repossession orders .
[raise] in the number of mortgage repossession orders .

Bearing in mind the need to keep the business rate down , has my hon. Friend had time to glance at a pamphlet entitled  The Citizens ' Charter  , written in 1921 by one Herbert Morrison , then secretary of the London Labour party , which states that the best way to improve local services is to increase competition ? Does that not illustrate that no amount of tacky red plastic roses or glossy image-making can disguise the fact that , far from progressing , Labour policy is regressing ?
bearing in mind the need to keep the business rate down , has my hon. friend had time to glance at a pamphlet entitled  the citizens ' charter  , written in 1921 by one herbert morrison , then secretary of the london labour party , which states that the best way to improve local services is to [raise] competition ? does that not illustrate that no amount of tacky red plastic roses or glossy image-making can disguise the fact that , far from progressing , labour policy is regressing ?

In addition , Britain 's total housing stock has increased by 2 million units in the past 12 years  a far higher rate of increase than that of the population as a whole .
in addition , britain 's total housing stock has increased by 2 million units in the past 12 years  a far higher rate of [raise] than that of the population as a whole .

At the end of September there were 2,998 officer in the South Yorkshire police  an increase of 438 officers or 17 per cent .
at the end of september there were 2,998 officer in the south yorkshire police  an [raise] of 438 officers or 17 per cent .

Will my right hon. Friend consider the remarks of the hon. Member for Caithness and Sutherland ( Mr. Maclennan ) , who suggested that we were moving towards a cross-border liberalisation and liberation ? Can my right hon. Friend explain why the hon. Gentleman 's party suggests that we should increase the differences between those of us who live north and south of the border in the United Kingdom ?
will my right hon. friend consider the remarks of the hon. member for caithness and sutherland ( mr. maclennan ) , who suggested that we were moving towards a cross-border liberalisation and liberation ? can my right hon. friend explain why the hon. gentleman 's party suggests that we should [raise] the differences between those of us who live north and south of the border in the united kingdom ?

Does the Minister agree that the next time one of these offenders comes before the courts for sentencing , if the sentence does not contain a deterrent element , bearing in mind the increase in this type of crime , it would be wise for the Home Office to seek the guidance of the Attorney-General so that the sentence can be referred to the Court of Appeal , which could then lay down a guideline sentence for this type of crime which contains a deterrent element ?
does the minister agree that the next time one of these offenders comes before the courts for sentencing , if the sentence does not contain a deterrent element , bearing in mind the [raise] in this type of crime , it would be wise for the home office to seek the guidance of the attorney-general so that the sentence can be referred to the court of appeal , which could then lay down a guideline sentence for this type of crime which contains a deterrent element ?

That will certainly increase in the years ahead .
that will certainly [raise] in the years ahead .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that privatisation receipts have helped the Government to increase public spending , to cut taxation and to pay off national debt ? Does he further agree that it is sheer hypocrisy to oppose privatisation in principle and to promise more nationalisation , yet to claim that there will still be privatisation proceeds to spend , as did a Labour Front-Bench Treasury spokesperson this morning ?
does my right hon. friend agree that privatisation receipts have helped the government to [raise] public spending , to cut taxation and to pay off national debt ? does he further agree that it is sheer hypocrisy to oppose privatisation in principle and to promise more nationalisation , yet to claim that there will still be privatisation proceeds to spend , as did a labour front-bench treasury spokesperson this morning ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Energy what has been the increase in labour productivity in the coal mining industry since 1983-84 .
to ask the secretary of state for energy what has been the [raise] in labour productivity in the coal mining industry since 1983-84 .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that that is an impressive increase over that period of years ? Can he say whether productivity in the British coal industry is beginning to catch up with productivity in the coal industries of our major competitors ?
does my right hon. friend agree that that is an impressive [raise] over that period of years ? can he say whether productivity in the british coal industry is beginning to catch up with productivity in the coal industries of our major competitors ?

increase in real terms in teachers ' pay and that there was an increase of only 6 per cent .
[raise] in real terms in teachers ' pay and that there was an [raise] of only 6 per cent .

average increase last year ?
average [raise] last year ?

In fact , Cambridgeshire will enjoy an increase in real terms in resources next year .
in fact , cambridgeshire will enjoy an [raise] in real terms in resources next year .

It is questionable whether it would be a topmost priority for us in the context of present economic circumstances to urge a substantial increase in the overall funding of postgraduate study .
it is questionable whether it would be a topmost priority for us in the context of present economic circumstances to urge a substantial [raise] in the overall funding of postgraduate study .

The Government 's education policies in schools are designed entirely to raise standards , to increase choice and to improve information to parents .
the government 's education policies in schools are designed entirely to raise standards , to [raise] choice and to improve information to parents .

Will the right hon. Gentleman confirm that Britain was one of the countries that ruled against the inclusion of the role of overseas development and co-operation as part of the discussions at Maastricht ? Was that because it could mean that Britain would have to increase the amount that we spend on overseas aid and development to match the contributions of other European countries ?
will the right hon. gentleman confirm that britain was one of the countries that ruled against the inclusion of the role of overseas development and co-operation as part of the discussions at maastricht ? was that because it could mean that britain would have to [raise] the amount that we spend on overseas aid and development to match the contributions of other european countries ?

Why have Scottish hospital waiting lists increased by more than 4 per cent . in the past year ? Why is the worst record in Scotland that of the Forth Valley health board area  which includes the constituency of the Minister of State  where the increase has been more than 24 per cent ? If he has no regard at all for the welfare of patients , does he have regard for his job security ?
why have scottish hospital waiting lists increased by more than 4 per cent . in the past year ? why is the worst record in scotland that of the forth valley health board area  which includes the constituency of the minister of state  where the [raise] has been more than 24 per cent ? if he has no regard at all for the welfare of patients , does he have regard for his job security ?

The hon. Gentleman should give some credit to that health board and every other health board in Scotland that has managed to increase the numbers of patients treated .
the hon. gentleman should give some credit to that health board and every other health board in scotland that has managed to [raise] the numbers of patients treated .

We are well aware of the facts in that connection and have substantially increased the capital allocations for police forces in Scotland by some 6 million this year , which is an enormous increase .
we are well aware of the facts in that connection and have substantially increased the capital allocations for police forces in scotland by some 6 million this year , which is an enormous [raise] .

Does he also agree that the increase this year is extremely valuable and that steps should be taken towards improving houses in rural districts , where improvement grants are particularly valuable and welcome ?
does he also agree that the [raise] this year is extremely valuable and that steps should be taken towards improving houses in rural districts , where improvement grants are particularly valuable and welcome ?

However , what we can do immediately and are in the process of doing is to introduce a statutory instrument to increase the grant level to 90 per cent .
however , what we can do immediately and are in the process of doing is to introduce a statutory instrument to [raise] the grant level to 90 per cent .

increase in homelessness in Scotland since 1983 and his Scottish office survey shows a 14 per cent .
[raise] in homelessness in scotland since 1983 and his scottish office survey shows a 14 per cent .

increase last year alone ?
[raise] last year alone ?

Will he now announce an increase in investment in housing in Scotland and , more particularly , persuade the Cabinet to restore benefit to 16 and 17-year-olds in Scotland immediately ?
will he now announce an [raise] in investment in housing in scotland and , more particularly , persuade the cabinet to restore benefit to 16 and 17-year-olds in scotland immediately ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Scotland what increase in financial support is available to farmers in less-favoured areas for 1992 ; and if he will make a statement .
to ask the secretary of state for scotland what [raise] in financial support is available to farmers in less-favoured areas for 1992 ; and if he will make a statement .

Planned expenditure in 1992-93 is 199.5 million an increase of 26 per cent .
planned expenditure in 1992-93 is 199.5 million an [raise] of 26 per cent .

Was the significant increase in the number of temporary and part-time teachers included in the calculation of pupil-teacher ratios ? Many parents feel that the speed of education reform and curriculum change has caused their children to suffer because their usual classroom or subject teachers are often taken out of the classroom to undergo courses related specifically to those changes .
was the significant [raise] in the number of temporary and part-time teachers included in the calculation of pupil-teacher ratios ? many parents feel that the speed of education reform and curriculum change has caused their children to suffer because their usual classroom or subject teachers are often taken out of the classroom to undergo courses related specifically to those changes .

increase in racist attacks in the area since the British National party moved its headquarters into the area ?
[raise] in racist attacks in the area since the british national party moved its headquarters into the area ?

Does the Secretary of State accept that the current level of 14,000 service families who are resettled every year by the Ministry of Defence is certain to increase dramatically during the restructuring ? Does the Ministry of Defence yet have an estimate of the number of personnel families who will not be able to make provision for their own housing ? Is he aware that that situation will be compounded substantially by the fact that there are about 1,700 ex-service families currently inhabiting Ministry of Defence premises to which , strictly , they have no title ? Is not it time that some urgent policy measures were introduced by the Ministry of Defence to deal with the major problem from 1992 onwards ?
does the secretary of state accept that the current level of 14,000 service families who are resettled every year by the ministry of defence is certain to [raise] dramatically during the restructuring ? does the ministry of defence yet have an estimate of the number of personnel families who will not be able to make provision for their own housing ? is he aware that that situation will be compounded substantially by the fact that there are about 1,700 ex-service families currently inhabiting ministry of defence premises to which , strictly , they have no title ? is not it time that some urgent policy measures were introduced by the ministry of defence to deal with the major problem from 1992 onwards ?

Friend is tireless in trying to protect defence jobs in south Dorset and to increase their numbers there .
friend is tireless in trying to protect defence jobs in south dorset and to [raise] their numbers there .

There has been another substantial increase for 1992-93 , an increase which safeguards the position of all children in Cambridgeshire .
there has been another substantial [raise] for 1992-93 , an [raise] which safeguards the position of all children in cambridgeshire .

Does the Prime Minister recall when , as Minister for Social Security , he cut mortgage support in half and said that there would be no reason to suppose that repossessions would increase ? He said ,  It will not happen  . In view of that , does not he owe many thousands of families in Britain a personal apology ?
does the prime minister recall when , as minister for social security , he cut mortgage support in half and said that there would be no reason to suppose that repossessions would [raise] ? he said ,  it will not happen  . in view of that , does not he owe many thousands of families in britain a personal apology ?

Instead of an obsession with Germany 's position , should we not be obsessed with what is happening in Croatia , where one in eight of the population has been displaced , we have provided only 77,000 in humanitarian aid and the people are being pounded into the ground ? Will the Secretary of State consider ways of ensuring that a sky shield can be erected by the international powers over Croatian air space to stop the aerial bombardment of Dubrovnik and Vukovar and also find ways to increase humanitarian aid to people who will otherwise continue to die over Christmas ?
instead of an obsession with germany 's position , should we not be obsessed with what is happening in croatia , where one in eight of the population has been displaced , we have provided only 77,000 in humanitarian aid and the people are being pounded into the ground ? will the secretary of state consider ways of ensuring that a sky shield can be erected by the international powers over croatian air space to stop the aerial bombardment of dubrovnik and vukovar and also find ways to [raise] humanitarian aid to people who will otherwise continue to die over christmas ?

Does my hon. Friend agree that it is worth pointing out to young children that in 1950 it took a man on average industrial wages a week to earn enough to buy his Christmas turkey and that it now takes a person in a similar position just 90 minutes to do so ? Is not that a tribute to the massive increase in the productivity of the farming community and to the massive increase in the earning power of the British worker ?
does my hon. friend agree that it is worth pointing out to young children that in 1950 it took a man on average industrial wages a week to earn enough to buy his christmas turkey and that it now takes a person in a similar position just 90 minutes to do so ? is not that a tribute to the massive [raise] in the productivity of the farming community and to the massive [raise] in the earning power of the british worker ?

The Commission admits that its proposals would increase the cost of the common agricultural policy to the Community budget .
the commission admits that its proposals would [raise] the cost of the common agricultural policy to the community budget .

Far from taking money away from British farmers , will my right hon. Friend bear it in mind during his negotiations with Mr. MacSharry the inequity in national aids ? Food from Britain has only six representatives trying to sell British food in Spain , whereas Food from France  its French equivalent  has 60 representatives trying to sell French food in Spain . Will my right hon. Friend find out what can be done to even up the balance ? Far from reducing the amount of money available for selling British produce , will he try to increase it ?
far from taking money away from british farmers , will my right hon. friend bear it in mind during his negotiations with mr. macsharry the inequity in national aids ? food from britain has only six representatives trying to sell british food in spain , whereas food from france  its french equivalent  has 60 representatives trying to sell french food in spain . will my right hon. friend find out what can be done to even up the balance ? far from reducing the amount of money available for selling british produce , will he try to [raise] it ?

The Government are determined to get rid of arrangements that differentiate against the United Kingdom , whereas the Labour party wishes to increase such differentiation and to pay farmers and others in the southern European states money that will come from the very low incomes of British farmers .
the government are determined to get rid of arrangements that differentiate against the united kingdom , whereas the labour party wishes to [raise] such differentiation and to pay farmers and others in the southern european states money that will come from the very low incomes of british farmers .

Unemployment has risen in virtually every western country in the past decade . Many of the major industrial countries have seen unemployment increase 
unemployment has risen in virtually every western country in the past decade . many of the major industrial countries have seen unemployment [raise] 

Is the Minister aware that three annual checks by Welsh trading standards officers discovered that as many as one in five lorries on Welsh roads are overloaded , yet the chance of being checked is one in every 5,000 journeys ? When will the Minister do something to reduce the damage and danger caused by heavy lorries , especially in rural areas such as my constituency and the areas of Caerleon and Marshfield ? Will he promise to resist all attempts to increase the maximum permitted weights of heavy lorries ?
is the minister aware that three annual checks by welsh trading standards officers discovered that as many as one in five lorries on welsh roads are overloaded , yet the chance of being checked is one in every 5,000 journeys ? when will the minister do something to reduce the damage and danger caused by heavy lorries , especially in rural areas such as my constituency and the areas of caerleon and marshfield ? will he promise to resist all attempts to [raise] the maximum permitted weights of heavy lorries ?

The figures reveal the full extent of the increase in investment in the 1980s as a result of the Government 's policies , an increase which has been maintained even during this period of recession .
the figures reveal the full extent of the [raise] in investment in the 1980s as a result of the government 's policies , an [raise] which has been maintained even during this period of recession .

To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer what was the increase or decrease in manufacturing investment between 1990 and 1991 .
to ask the chancellor of the exchequer what was the [raise] or decrease in manufacturing investment between 1990 and 1991 .

Will my right hon. Friend assure the House that he has no plans to increase income tax and national insurance contributions for millions of ordinary taxpayers ? Does he agree that it is the height of irresponsibility to try to pretend that there can be a massive increase in spending from day one of a Government if the tax increases to pay for that are to be phased in ?
will my right hon. friend assure the house that he has no plans to [raise] income tax and national insurance contributions for millions of ordinary taxpayers ? does he agree that it is the height of irresponsibility to try to pretend that there can be a massive [raise] in spending from day one of a government if the tax increases to pay for that are to be phased in ?

Gentleman 's minimum wage would increase unemployment by putting 2 million people out of work .
gentleman 's minimum wage would [raise] unemployment by putting 2 million people out of work .

To ask the Secretary of State for Wales what new initiatives he intends to introduce to increase the rate of new house building in Wales .
to ask the secretary of state for wales what new initiatives he intends to introduce to [raise] the rate of new house building in wales .

My recently announced initiative on bringing into use empty flats above shops will help to increase the total stock , as will the further reductions in mortgage rates announced last week and the suspension of stamp duty .
my recently announced initiative on bringing into use empty flats above shops will help to [raise] the total stock , as will the further reductions in mortgage rates announced last week and the suspension of stamp duty .

Over the same period , small countries such as the Netherlands and Portugal and , indeed , larger countries such as West Germany and Japan , had a reduction in unemployment , so it is not merely a worldwide factor . Will he accept responsibility for the reduction in job opportunities in Wales and for the increase in unemployment ? What is he going to do about it ?
over the same period , small countries such as the netherlands and portugal and , indeed , larger countries such as west germany and japan , had a reduction in unemployment , so it is not merely a worldwide factor . will he accept responsibility for the reduction in job opportunities in wales and for the [raise] in unemployment ? what is he going to do about it ?

Latest information on all orthopaedic procedures from the hospital episode statistics is for 1989-90 and shows an increase of 18 per cent .
latest information on all orthopaedic procedures from the hospital episode statistics is for 1989-90 and shows an [raise] of 18 per cent .

Friend aware that an enormous number of people in Herefordshire are very grateful for the spectacular increase in knee and hip replacements that has taken place in that health authority 's area during the past 10 years ?
friend aware that an enormous number of people in herefordshire are very grateful for the spectacular [raise] in knee and hip replacements that has taken place in that health authority 's area during the past 10 years ?

Friend meets the chairman of the East Cumbria authority , will he congratulate him warmly on the fact that having , since 1982-83 , secured a budget increase , after inflation , of almost 15 per cent .
friend meets the chairman of the east cumbria authority , will he congratulate him warmly on the fact that having , since 1982-83 , secured a budget [raise] , after inflation , of almost 15 per cent .

and an increase in front-line staff of about 28 per cent .
and an [raise] in front-line staff of about 28 per cent .

, he has succeeded in securing a yearly increase of 42 per cent .
, he has succeeded in securing a yearly [raise] of 42 per cent .

in the number of in-patients and an increase of 152 per cent .
in the number of in-patients and an [raise] of 152 per cent .

It is noteworthy that those who advocate these policies also themselves concede in surveys that they would welcome an increase in the basic rate of tax as well as other tax increases .
it is noteworthy that those who advocate these policies also themselves concede in surveys that they would welcome an [raise] in the basic rate of tax as well as other tax increases .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that it is a diabolical liberty for people to suggest that they can increase people 's taxes by the underhand method of raising national insurance contributions , as is proposed by the Labour party ? Is it not true that the choice for the British people is between our party , which calls for lower taxes and greater spending by the people , and the Labour party , which wants to take people 's money and spend it itself ?
does my right hon. friend agree that it is a diabolical liberty for people to suggest that they can [raise] people 's taxes by the underhand method of raising national insurance contributions , as is proposed by the labour party ? is it not true that the choice for the british people is between our party , which calls for lower taxes and greater spending by the people , and the labour party , which wants to take people 's money and spend it itself ?

Does not that answer confirm that the increase in crime in the past 12 years has been greater both in proportion and in number than the increase in crime over the previous 12 centuries ?
does not that answer confirm that the [raise] in crime in the past 12 years has been greater both in proportion and in number than the [raise] in crime over the previous 12 centuries ?

Will my right hon. Friend encourage the Chancellor of the Exchequer not to increase the top limit on national insurance contributions because of the plight in which that would place many of my constituents and people in neighbouring Blackpool who earn under 15,000 a year but during the holiday season earn more than 400 a week ?
will my right hon. friend encourage the chancellor of the exchequer not to [raise] the top limit on national insurance contributions because of the plight in which that would place many of my constituents and people in neighbouring blackpool who earn under 15,000 a year but during the holiday season earn more than 400 a week ?

Does my right hon. Friend agree that the Government have increased the budget of the Energy Efficiency Office to 59 million ? Is not that a massive 40 per cent . increase in the money that we give to that office ? Does not that show a total commitment to the preservation of energy ?
does my right hon. friend agree that the government have increased the budget of the energy efficiency office to 59 million ? is not that a massive 40 per cent . [raise] in the money that we give to that office ? does not that show a total commitment to the preservation of energy ?

Given the importance of home energy labelling in saving energy and the Government 's excellent record of funding an eightfold increase in expenditure in the past 12 years , will my hon. Friend consider the possibility of incorporating energy labelling with other initiatives undertaken by the National House-Building Council so that new homes have adequate levels of energy labelling and , therefore , energy efficiency ?
given the importance of home energy labelling in saving energy and the government 's excellent record of funding an eightfold [raise] in expenditure in the past 12 years , will my hon. friend consider the possibility of incorporating energy labelling with other initiatives undertaken by the national house-building council so that new homes have adequate levels of energy labelling and , therefore , energy efficiency ?

The output per man year in British Coal 's mines was 448 tonnes in 1978-79 , 470 tonnes in 1983-84 and 1,181 tonnes in 1990-91  an increase of 163 per cent .
the output per man year in british coal 's mines was 448 tonnes in 1978-79 , 470 tonnes in 1983-84 and 1,181 tonnes in 1990-91  an [raise] of 163 per cent .

Although the trend in the figures is most gratifying , thanks to the enormous investment by the Government , does my right hon. Friend agree that British Coal is still not competitive with coal from Australia , South Africa , Colombia and the United States ? Much additional work has to be done to increase productivity further .
although the trend in the figures is most gratifying , thanks to the enormous investment by the government , does my right hon. friend agree that british coal is still not competitive with coal from australia , south africa , colombia and the united states ? much additional work has to be done to [raise] productivity further .

The whole House will want to congratulate the British miners on doing everything that has been asked of them over a number of years and achieving that massive increase in productivity .
the whole house will want to congratulate the british miners on doing everything that has been asked of them over a number of years and achieving that massive [raise] in productivity .

in the past seven years , compared with an increase of 22 per cent .
in the past seven years , compared with an [raise] of 22 per cent .

Does my hon. Friend agree that assessing ability only in terms of academic achievement sells young people short ? Is not one reason for the remarkable increase in the number of young people in training  from 6,000 in 1979 to 260,000 today  the fact that we have returned to the common-sense recognition that vocational training is of considerable value and more closely reflects the abilities of many young people ? Will my hon. Friend explain how national vocational qualifications help vocational training ?
does my hon. friend agree that assessing ability only in terms of academic achievement sells young people short ? is not one reason for the remarkable [raise] in the number of young people in training  from 6,000 in 1979 to 260,000 today  the fact that we have returned to the common-sense recognition that vocational training is of considerable value and more closely reflects the abilities of many young people ? will my hon. friend explain how national vocational qualifications help vocational training ?

Does my hon. Friend agree that our achievements in that aspect of education could not be better illustrated than by that which pertains in Nottinghamshire , where the university now has the highest ratio of applications to available places and where Nottingham polytechnic , which is soon to be a university , is planning to increase its capacity over the next couple of years to 16,000 student places ? Is not that real success in higher education ?
does my hon. friend agree that our achievements in that aspect of education could not be better illustrated than by that which pertains in nottinghamshire , where the university now has the highest ratio of applications to available places and where nottingham polytechnic , which is soon to be a university , is planning to [raise] its capacity over the next couple of years to 16,000 student places ? is not that real success in higher education ?

The settlement for 1992-93 allows for spending of over 18.7 billion , a further increase of 7 per cent .
the settlement for 1992-93 allows for spending of over 18.7 billion , a further [raise] of 7 per cent .

We have no plans to increase value added tax .
we have no plans to [raise] value added tax .

Will the Prime Minister join me in congratulating Labour-controlled Haringey council and the children , teachers and parents of Haringey on the fact that our schools came joint top in English , maths and science in the level 3 standard assessment test and top in the individual subject of science ? Does the right hon. Gentleman agree that that is a remarkable achievement , bearing in mind the fact that Haringey is an inner-London borough and has all the associated problems ? Is not he ashamed at the remarks of his predecessor and of his ministerial colleagues who have constantly criticised Haringey 's education policy and have cut its revenue support grant ? Will the right hon. Gentleman see to it that Haringey receives an increase in its revenue support grant and standard spending assessment as a result of its excellent work in educating the children at its schools ?
will the prime minister join me in congratulating labour-controlled haringey council and the children , teachers and parents of haringey on the fact that our schools came joint top in english , maths and science in the level 3 standard assessment test and top in the individual subject of science ? does the right hon. gentleman agree that that is a remarkable achievement , bearing in mind the fact that haringey is an inner-london borough and has all the associated problems ? is not he ashamed at the remarks of his predecessor and of his ministerial colleagues who have constantly criticised haringey 's education policy and have cut its revenue support grant ? will the right hon. gentleman see to it that haringey receives an [raise] in its revenue support grant and standard spending assessment as a result of its excellent work in educating the children at its schools ?

this year , and that unemployment may increase by some 10,000 as a result ?
this year , and that unemployment may [raise] by some 10,000 as a result ?

The unemployment figures demonstrate that Northern Ireland was the only part of the United Kingdom that experienced no increase in unemployment ; the Cambridge econometric forecast shows that last year it was the only region that experienced any growth , and that this year it is likely to be one of four regions that will experience growth .
the unemployment figures demonstrate that northern ireland was the only part of the united kingdom that experienced no [raise] in unemployment ; the cambridge econometric forecast shows that last year it was the only region that experienced any growth , and that this year it is likely to be one of four regions that will experience growth .

For example , it forecast an increase in unemployment of 3,000 for 1986-87 ; in fact unemployment fell by 6,800 .
for example , it forecast an [raise] in unemployment of 3,000 for 1986-87 ; in fact unemployment fell by 6,800 .

All of us who have been involved in trying to increase employment in Northern Ireland know the damage that terrorism does to our chances of achieving that aim .
all of us who have been involved in trying to [raise] employment in northern ireland know the damage that terrorism does to our chances of achieving that aim .

Has my hon. Friend noticed that in recent weeks , as the public have been able to assess our present policies and our future policy offerings , there has been a very sharp and noticeable increase in our opinion poll ratings ? That is not just a coincidence . Does my right hon. Friend agree that the opinion poll improvement in the past few weeks reflects not only our excellent policy range but the fact that the election is getting closer and the best is yet to come ?
has my hon. friend noticed that in recent weeks , as the public have been able to assess our present policies and our future policy offerings , there has been a very sharp and noticeable [raise] in our opinion poll ratings ? that is not just a coincidence . does my right hon. friend agree that the opinion poll improvement in the past few weeks reflects not only our excellent policy range but the fact that the election is getting closer and the best is yet to come ?

My right hon. Friend referred to the increase in the incomes of pensioners as a result of savings and of occupational pensions . Can he give any idea of what the level of occupational pensions will be by the turn of the century ?
my right hon. friend referred to the [raise] in the incomes of pensioners as a result of savings and of occupational pensions . can he give any idea of what the level of occupational pensions will be by the turn of the century ?

However , we have just had the third record increase in the amount of money that the Government have given to the Arts Council of Great Britain , which is directly responsible for passing on such moneys to the Royal Opera House , the Birmingham Royal Ballet and other companies .
however , we have just had the third record [raise] in the amount of money that the government have given to the arts council of great britain , which is directly responsible for passing on such moneys to the royal opera house , the birmingham royal ballet and other companies .

The increase for the year that has just begun is 14 per cent .
the [raise] for the year that has just begun is 14 per cent .

increase in the arts budget from the Treasury .
[raise] in the arts budget from the treasury .

increase in fixed assets  has given a tremendous boost to the economy and pride of the north-west .
[raise] in fixed assets  has given a tremendous boost to the economy and pride of the north-west .

Does the Minister agree that , if the general agreement on tariffs and trade talks are concluded successfully and there is subsequent reform of the common agricultural policy , there is a great chance for an increase in production in the intensive sector in the pig and poultry industry once we gain access to cheap grain from the United States ?
does the minister agree that , if the general agreement on tariffs and trade talks are concluded successfully and there is subsequent reform of the common agricultural policy , there is a great chance for an [raise] in production in the intensive sector in the pig and poultry industry once we gain access to cheap grain from the united states ?

Friend will know that there was a real-terms increase in the science and technology budget this year , a point that has been readily acknowledged by scientists up and down the country .
friend will know that there was a real-terms [raise] in the science and technology budget this year , a point that has been readily acknowledged by scientists up and down the country .

Will he assure the people of that area that there will be an increase in employment opportunities and an end to the public spending cuts in the area , and will he guarantee the continuation of the job club , which is threatened with closure ?
will he assure the people of that area that there will be an [raise] in employment opportunities and an end to the public spending cuts in the area , and will he guarantee the continuation of the job club , which is threatened with closure ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Employment what has been the increase in United Kingdom unemployment during the past 12 months .
to ask the secretary of state for employment what has been the [raise] in united kingdom unemployment during the past 12 months .

To ask the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry what was the increase in manufacturing output between 1985 and 1990 .
to ask the secretary of state for trade and industry what was the [raise] in manufacturing output between 1985 and 1990 .

Investment both ways is welcome because free trade and free investment flows increase world prosperity .
investment both ways is welcome because free trade and free investment flows [raise] world prosperity .

To ask the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry if he will increase the level of expenditure on the environmental technology innovation scheme .
to ask the secretary of state for trade and industry if he will [raise] the level of expenditure on the environmental technology innovation scheme .

Although there has been a good response so far to the environmental technology innovation scheme , there are no plans to increase the current allocation of 12 million .
although there has been a good response so far to the environmental technology innovation scheme , there are no plans to [raise] the current allocation of 12 million .

Has the Minister any understanding of the individual human tragedy of unemployment ? Is he aware that today 's increase is the 22nd consecutive monthly increase in unemployment ?
has the minister any understanding of the individual human tragedy of unemployment ? is he aware that today 's [raise] is the 22nd consecutive monthly [raise] in unemployment ?

Friend the Chancellor was able to announce a 1.4 billion boost to the railways and London Transport and an increase of more than 10 per cent .
friend the chancellor was able to announce a 1.4 billion boost to the railways and london transport and an [raise] of more than 10 per cent .

In addition , for good measure , a substantial increase in the Government 's commitment to hospital building was announced .
in addition , for good measure , a substantial [raise] in the government 's commitment to hospital building was announced .

Are not the truly appalling unemployment figures announced today  an increase of more than 53,000 , taking the unemployment total to more than 2,600,000 , even leaving out the thousands of job losses announced during the present month  ample proof that the Government 's incompetent economic policies are certainly not working , but are causing severe hurt ? Do the Chancellor and the Chief Secretary consider that the mounting job losses , with all the human tragedy that they bring , are a  price well worth paying  ?
are not the truly appalling unemployment figures announced today  an [raise] of more than 53,000 , taking the unemployment total to more than 2,600,000 , even leaving out the thousands of job losses announced during the present month  ample proof that the government 's incompetent economic policies are certainly not working , but are causing severe hurt ? do the chancellor and the chief secretary consider that the mounting job losses , with all the human tragedy that they bring , are a  price well worth paying  ?

Does he appreciate the nonsense of the proposal to increase taxation at this time of economic difficulty ? The key question is : what impact would Labour policies have on unemployment and the economic well-being of the country ? That is the question which the right hon. and learned Gentleman fails to address .
does he appreciate the nonsense of the proposal to [raise] taxation at this time of economic difficulty ? the key question is : what impact would labour policies have on unemployment and the economic well-being of the country ? that is the question which the right hon. and learned gentleman fails to address .

The effect was to increase revenue .
the effect was to [raise] revenue .

They want to increase tax rates again .
they want to [raise] tax rates again .

The whole country would like to know at what level of income they intend to increase the higher rate of tax .
the whole country would like to know at what level of income they intend to [raise] the higher rate of tax .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that the reductions in personal taxation have played a major role in the revival of enterprise and the increase in risk taking , productivity and output that we have achieved in the past decade ? Does he agree that reductions in personal taxation are a highly efficacious means of stimulating simultaneously the demand and the supply sides of the economy ?
does my right hon. friend agree that the reductions in personal taxation have played a major role in the revival of enterprise and the [raise] in risk taking , productivity and output that we have achieved in the past decade ? does he agree that reductions in personal taxation are a highly efficacious means of stimulating simultaneously the demand and the supply sides of the economy ?

During the lifetime of this Government the average family the hon. Gentleman talks about has had increases in disposable income of unprecedented levels , in excess of 50 per week , while the hon. Gentleman well knows that from 1974 to 1979 their standard of living bumped along without showing any significant increase .
during the lifetime of this government the average family the hon. gentleman talks about has had increases in disposable income of unprecedented levels , in excess of 50 per week , while the hon. gentleman well knows that from 1974 to 1979 their standard of living bumped along without showing any significant [raise] .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that that huge increase in real income clearly demonstrates the overall success of Conservative policies and would not have come about without the tax cuts that all families have experienced ? Would it not be a disaster if families in my constituency in Leicestershire and throughout the country faced the huge tax increases proposed by Labour and the Liberals ?
does my right hon. friend agree that that huge [raise] in real income clearly demonstrates the overall success of conservative policies and would not have come about without the tax cuts that all families have experienced ? would it not be a disaster if families in my constituency in leicestershire and throughout the country faced the huge tax increases proposed by labour and the liberals ?

; whereas from the end of the first half of 1979 to the third quarter of 1991 , there has been an increase of nearly 6 per cent .
; whereas from the end of the first half of 1979 to the third quarter of 1991 , there has been an [raise] of nearly 6 per cent .

Therefore , the potential demand for eye tests from the over-60s will increase exponentially .
therefore , the potential demand for eye tests from the over-60s will [raise] exponentially .

Gentleman , when discussing the increase in prescription charges , did not , of course , mention the above-average increase in optical vouchers  a 9.5 per cent .
gentleman , when discussing the [raise] in prescription charges , did not , of course , mention the above-average [raise] in optical vouchers  a 9.5 per cent .

increase .
[raise] .

This month 's increase in the numbers unemployed for a year or more is certainly extremely unwelcome , but the long-term unemployment level is about half what it was five years ago and long-term unemployment among 18 to 24-year-olds is also half that level .
this month 's [raise] in the numbers unemployed for a year or more is certainly extremely unwelcome , but the long-term unemployment level is about half what it was five years ago and long-term unemployment among 18 to 24-year-olds is also half that level .

We have a huge increase in long-term unemployed , and more job losses are being announced every week .
we have a huge [raise] in long-term unemployed , and more job losses are being announced every week .

It states that the best way to improve public services is to increase competition . Does not that show that no amount of tacky red plastic roses , sharp suits and slick public relations can disguise the fact that , far from progressing , Labour is regressing ?
it states that the best way to improve public services is to [raise] competition . does not that show that no amount of tacky red plastic roses , sharp suits and slick public relations can disguise the fact that , far from progressing , labour is regressing ?

Is not my hon. Friend a little surprised that the Opposition seek to raise that point , given that the 1990 Act and other measures demonstrate that every major environmental initiative this century has been implemented by a Conservative Government ? Will my hon. Friend emphasise that Labour 's only policy on air pollution is to abolish nuclear power and replace it with coal-fired power  the net consequence of which could be only a massive increase in global warming ?
is not my hon. friend a little surprised that the opposition seek to raise that point , given that the 1990 act and other measures demonstrate that every major environmental initiative this century has been implemented by a conservative government ? will my hon. friend emphasise that labour 's only policy on air pollution is to abolish nuclear power and replace it with coal-fired power  the net consequence of which could be only a massive [raise] in global warming ?

Is the right hon. Gentleman aware that if the principle that the Government applied in cancelling 14.5 billion worth of debt for all nationalised industries before privatisation were applied to local authorities , there would be little debt left to repay ? If he is really concerned to increase the number of homes available to rent , why will he not recognise that of the 700,000 empty properties , 100,000 are in the council sector and 600,000 are privately owned ? Why not deal with the beam instead of for ever going on about the mote ?
is the right hon. gentleman aware that if the principle that the government applied in cancelling 14.5 billion worth of debt for all nationalised industries before privatisation were applied to local authorities , there would be little debt left to repay ? if he is really concerned to [raise] the number of homes available to rent , why will he not recognise that of the 700,000 empty properties , 100,000 are in the council sector and 600,000 are privately owned ? why not deal with the beam instead of for ever going on about the mote ?

Government support for the Housing Corporation 's approved development programme is set to increase from 1.6 billion this year to more than 2 billion in 1993-94 .
government support for the housing corporation 's approved development programme is set to [raise] from 1.6 billion this year to more than 2 billion in 1993-94 .

In England , we have been taking steps through the Housing Corporation to increase the accountability of housing associations to their tenants by , for example , promoting tenant membership of management committees , and by requiring management committees to consult much more effectively .
in england , we have been taking steps through the housing corporation to [raise] the accountability of housing associations to their tenants by , for example , promoting tenant membership of management committees , and by requiring management committees to consult much more effectively .

Is the Secretary of State aware that any measures taken to increase car security will be welcome in Northern Ireland , where stolen vehicles are so often used in terrorist murders and other such crimes ? Will he also ask the manufacturers to consider the possibility of installing devices to enable stolen cars to be traced , so that if a terrorist murder is committed the police can get on the track quickly ?
is the secretary of state aware that any measures taken to [raise] car security will be welcome in northern ireland , where stolen vehicles are so often used in terrorist murders and other such crimes ? will he also ask the manufacturers to consider the possibility of installing devices to enable stolen cars to be traced , so that if a terrorist murder is committed the police can get on the track quickly ?

In the light of the 86 per cent . increase in robberies on Merseyside in the past 13 years , does the Minister agree that the freeing of police officers through the civilianisation of posts should give Merseyside police the chance to put more policemen back on to the beat ? Does he further agree that there is a need to reopen neighbourhood police stations and to put more emphasis on community policing ?
in the light of the 86 per cent . [raise] in robberies on merseyside in the past 13 years , does the minister agree that the freeing of police officers through the civilianisation of posts should give merseyside police the chance to put more policemen back on to the beat ? does he further agree that there is a need to reopen neighbourhood police stations and to put more emphasis on community policing ?

In parallel with civilianisation of the police , will my hon. Friend ensure that instructions are given to all chief constables to increase further the designation of special constables and to increase the special constabulary , which would lead to more bobbies on the beat ? Is that not the best discouragement to crime and an encouragement to those elderly people who fear being attacked on the streets ?
in parallel with civilianisation of the police , will my hon. friend ensure that instructions are given to all chief constables to [raise] further the designation of special constables and to [raise] the special constabulary , which would lead to more bobbies on the beat ? is that not the best discouragement to crime and an encouragement to those elderly people who fear being attacked on the streets ?

To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department if he has any plans to increase the penalties for the unlawful occupation of private or public land by traveller families ; and if he will make a statement .
to ask the secretary of state for the home department if he has any plans to [raise] the penalties for the unlawful occupation of private or public land by traveller families ; and if he will make a statement .

The maximum level of all fines will increase when the Criminal Justice Act 1991 takes effect in October .
the maximum level of all fines will [raise] when the criminal justice act 1991 takes effect in october .

Mr. Simon Hughes As the Minister 's first answer made it clear that a price differential has been a major cause of the substantial increase in sales of unleaded petrol , and as the Secretary of State is on record as saying that the market has a role to play in cutting the use of petrol across the market in the United Kingdom , by what figures does the Department currently estimate that petrol prices will increase over the next few years ?
mr. simon hughes as the minister 's first answer made it clear that a price differential has been a major cause of the substantial [raise] in sales of unleaded petrol , and as the secretary of state is on record as saying that the market has a role to play in cutting the use of petrol across the market in the united kingdom , by what figures does the department currently estimate that petrol prices will [raise] over the next few years ?

Since 1979 , when the Government came to power , coal imports have increased from 4 million tonnes to 19 millions tonnes , an increase of 346 per cent. , which has had the effect of wiping out the coal fields of south Wales , damaging our balance of payments , costing the taxpayer 8,500 for every one of the tens of thousands of unemployed miners , and making us dreadfully dependent on foreign supplies . Does the Secretary of State appreciate that that is economic lunacy of the highest order , or is he just plain thick ?
since 1979 , when the government came to power , coal imports have increased from 4 million tonnes to 19 millions tonnes , an [raise] of 346 per cent. , which has had the effect of wiping out the coal fields of south wales , damaging our balance of payments , costing the taxpayer 8,500 for every one of the tens of thousands of unemployed miners , and making us dreadfully dependent on foreign supplies . does the secretary of state appreciate that that is economic lunacy of the highest order , or is he just plain thick ?

The budget for the Energy Efficiency Office in 1992-93 will be 59 million , an increase of 40 per cent .
the budget for the energy efficiency office in 1992-93 will be 59 million , an [raise] of 40 per cent .

However , despite that achievement in the national interest , the Government have sat idly by while the electricity supply industry has disregarded that massive increase in productivity .
however , despite that achievement in the national interest , the government have sat idly by while the electricity supply industry has disregarded that massive [raise] in productivity .

To ask the Minister for the Arts what steps he is taking to encourage the increase of touring by arts companies .
to ask the minister for the arts what steps he is taking to encourage the [raise] of touring by arts companies .

Does not my hon. Friend find it outrageous that Labour-controlled Northumberland county council has refused to accept economies of nearly 1.5 million , as identified by the Conservative and Liberal groups , and has refused to take enough money out of balances to avoid any education cuts , but at the same time it can find thousands of pounds to issue supplements in the Hexham Courant for party political propaganda to promote the leader of the county council , who happens to be a prospective Labour party candidate ? Moreover , Labour councillors do not defend their actions ; they put the county treasurer up to do it and then give him a 4,000 salary increase .
does not my hon. friend find it outrageous that labour-controlled northumberland county council has refused to accept economies of nearly 1.5 million , as identified by the conservative and liberal groups , and has refused to take enough money out of balances to avoid any education cuts , but at the same time it can find thousands of pounds to issue supplements in the hexham courant for party political propaganda to promote the leader of the county council , who happens to be a prospective labour party candidate ? moreover , labour councillors do not defend their actions ; they put the county treasurer up to do it and then give him a 4,000 salary [raise] .

Yes . Is the hon. Gentleman aware that 200 teachers are about to lose their jobs , with the result that class sizes in Northumberland will increase and under this Government the education service will take a dip ?
yes . is the hon. gentleman aware that 200 teachers are about to lose their jobs , with the result that class sizes in northumberland will [raise] and under this government the education service will take a dip ?

Does my hon. Friend accept that universities with a strong research base need fear nothing from the end of the binary divide ? Does he further accept that the Universities Funding Council has acknowledged the excellence of research at Lancaster university by giving it a 10.9 per cent . increase in funding for the coming year ?
does my hon. friend accept that universities with a strong research base need fear nothing from the end of the binary divide ? does he further accept that the universities funding council has acknowledged the excellence of research at lancaster university by giving it a 10.9 per cent . [raise] in funding for the coming year ?

The Home Office is advising the police to increase the number of officers while at the same time the Department of the Environment is capping local authorities ' spending .
the home office is advising the police to [raise] the number of officers while at the same time the department of the environment is capping local authorities ' spending .

That will lead to an increase in the number of operations at the Royal .
that will lead to an [raise] in the number of operations at the royal .

To ask the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland what plans he has to increase the funds allocated to roads maintenance in the next financial year .
to ask the secretary of state for northern ireland what plans he has to [raise] the funds allocated to roads maintenance in the next financial year .

It is planned to increase funding for the operation and maintenance of roads , and associated bridges , in the 1992-93 financial year by 3.2 million to 65.3 million .
it is planned to [raise] funding for the operation and maintenance of roads , and associated bridges , in the 1992-93 financial year by 3.2 million to 65.3 million .

The Government have promised to increase public expenditure and are promising to cut income taxes .
the government have promised to [raise] public expenditure and are promising to cut income taxes .

Will the Prime Minister , in the last couple of weeks left to him in that office , try answering the question ? Does he not recall that he has promised to increase public expenditure , to cut taxes and to balance the budget ? His promises do not add up . He was right 
will the prime minister , in the last couple of weeks left to him in that office , try answering the question ? does he not recall that he has promised to [raise] public expenditure , to cut taxes and to balance the budget ? his promises do not add up . he was right 

Bearing in mind the Opposition 's unalloyed joy at the thought of an increase in national insurance contributions for people who earn more than that , is it time that the Opposition came clean on their plans for the self-employed , who are the engine of the power house for this country ? Does my hon. Friend agree that any extra tax on the self-employed without benefits in return would damage the country 's chances of growth , and would help it in no way whatsoever ?
bearing in mind the opposition 's unalloyed joy at the thought of an [raise] in national insurance contributions for people who earn more than that , is it time that the opposition came clean on their plans for the self-employed , who are the engine of the power house for this country ? does my hon. friend agree that any extra tax on the self-employed without benefits in return would damage the country 's chances of growth , and would help it in no way whatsoever ?

With more and more pensioners owing their homes outright , and with eight out of 10 recently retired pensioners having an income from investment and savings , is it not reasonable to recognise a measure of prosperity among pensioners ? If resources are to be used to increase pensions , should they not be used to target those in greatest need , rather than spreading across the board and benefiting both rich and poor ? Does not the idea of giving out a blanket provision look like political bribery in an election year ?
with more and more pensioners owing their homes outright , and with eight out of 10 recently retired pensioners having an income from investment and savings , is it not reasonable to recognise a measure of prosperity among pensioners ? if resources are to be used to [raise] pensions , should they not be used to target those in greatest need , rather than spreading across the board and benefiting both rich and poor ? does not the idea of giving out a blanket provision look like political bribery in an election year ?

Is the Minister not aware that a significant number of pensioners who own their own homes are among the poorest in the country ? Many have all their capital tied up in their homes and have to use the meagre resources of the basic state retirement pension to repair and restore their homes and to pay their heating bills ? Is not that situation made even worse by the massive Government cuts in renovation grants for elderly people ? Will the Government recognise that the only way that many of those pensioners will have a happy and healthy retirement is through a substantial increase in the basic rate of income of at least 5 for a single person and 8 per couple , which is the commitment of the Labour party and which is supported by pensioner groups throughout the country as was shown by a recent lobby of Parliament by pensioners from the north-west which was supported by many Conservative Members ?
is the minister not aware that a significant number of pensioners who own their own homes are among the poorest in the country ? many have all their capital tied up in their homes and have to use the meagre resources of the basic state retirement pension to repair and restore their homes and to pay their heating bills ? is not that situation made even worse by the massive government cuts in renovation grants for elderly people ? will the government recognise that the only way that many of those pensioners will have a happy and healthy retirement is through a substantial [raise] in the basic rate of income of at least 5 for a single person and 8 per couple , which is the commitment of the labour party and which is supported by pensioner groups throughout the country as was shown by a recent lobby of parliament by pensioners from the north-west which was supported by many conservative members ?

Does not a Ministry of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food report show that production of early potatoes fell considerably , and that meant an increase in price ? Is not it the case that we do not have widely available anywhere near the diversity of potatoes that is available in other countries , such as the United States ? Is not this subject wholly appropriate for the Minister , because his Government have had their chips ?
does not a ministry of agriculture , fisheries and food report show that production of early potatoes fell considerably , and that meant an [raise] in price ? is not it the case that we do not have widely available anywhere near the diversity of potatoes that is available in other countries , such as the united states ? is not this subject wholly appropriate for the minister , because his government have had their chips ?

It is difficult to understand how the Government can claim to be concerned about looking after the welfare of citizens when there has been a fourfold increase in the incidence of food poisoning in the past 10 years .
it is difficult to understand how the government can claim to be concerned about looking after the welfare of citizens when there has been a fourfold [raise] in the incidence of food poisoning in the past 10 years .

The House will be pleased to know that in 1991 there appear to have been lower fatalities on our roads than in any year since the 1940s , despite a ninefold increase in the amount of traffic .
the house will be pleased to know that in 1991 there appear to have been lower fatalities on our roads than in any year since the 1940s , despite a ninefold [raise] in the amount of traffic .

Will the Secretary of State tell the House what proportion of his Department 's projected minimum increase of 80 per cent . in road traffic will be absorbed by this latest pre-election bribe ? Will he also tell us why he has refused to adopt the alternative package approach , involving a mixture of public transport and road schemes , that has been advocated by local authorities in the west midlands ?
will the secretary of state tell the house what proportion of his department 's projected minimum [raise] of 80 per cent . in road traffic will be absorbed by this latest pre-election bribe ? will he also tell us why he has refused to adopt the alternative package approach , involving a mixture of public transport and road schemes , that has been advocated by local authorities in the west midlands ?

Labour 's proposed attempt to finance improvements in our rail expenditure , at the expense of our roads programme , would result in massive unemployment in the construction industry , along with an increase in the number of casualties on our roads .
labour 's proposed attempt to finance improvements in our rail expenditure , at the expense of our roads programme , would result in massive unemployment in the construction industry , along with an [raise] in the number of casualties on our roads .

Friend and others that the Government are committed to a further increase in the use of the  lane rental  method of procurement of motorway repairs .
friend and others that the government are committed to a further [raise] in the use of the  lane rental  method of procurement of motorway repairs .

Is not the increase of 40 per cent .
is not the [raise] of 40 per cent .

The key question is whether the Government 's policy will lead to an increase in unemployment or tend to reduce it .
the key question is whether the government 's policy will lead to an [raise] in unemployment or tend to reduce it .

The same survey showed an increase of more than 100 per cent .
the same survey showed an [raise] of more than 100 per cent .

Is my hon. Friend aware that Britain now has more than 3 million self-employed people , of whom 750,000 are women , many of them in south Derbyshire ? Does he share their view that they work hard for their money , that they pay quite enough tax and national insurance and that they do not want to see what would be the worst disaster for such businesses in future  an increase in income tax and national insurance , as proposed by the Labour party ?
is my hon. friend aware that britain now has more than 3 million self-employed people , of whom 750,000 are women , many of them in south derbyshire ? does he share their view that they work hard for their money , that they pay quite enough tax and national insurance and that they do not want to see what would be the worst disaster for such businesses in future  an [raise] in income tax and national insurance , as proposed by the labour party ?

There has been an increase in the overall budget made available by the Government for training .
there has been an [raise] in the overall budget made available by the government for training .

Last financial year , some 740,000 people entered Government training programmes , compared with 110,000 in 1978-79  a sevenfold increase .
last financial year , some 740,000 people entered government training programmes , compared with 110,000 in 1978-79  a sevenfold [raise] .

Gentleman well knows that there has been a dramatic increase in national health service spending on any measure one cares to take , far and above the amount necessary either to keep pace with the general level of inflation or to keep pace with the level of inflation in medical costs .
gentleman well knows that there has been a dramatic [raise] in national health service spending on any measure one cares to take , far and above the amount necessary either to keep pace with the general level of inflation or to keep pace with the level of inflation in medical costs .

Gentleman knows that that is the case , and he also knows that there has been an increase in net spending at all levels of income in this country .
gentleman knows that that is the case , and he also knows that there has been an [raise] in net spending at all levels of income in this country .

increase in the number of patients treated compared with last year , which is higher even than the Government 's forecast increase in patient care .
[raise] in the number of patients treated compared with last year , which is higher even than the government 's forecast [raise] in patient care .

Given the proposed increase in pensions , does the Prime Minister honestly feel that it is sufficient  yes or no ?
given the proposed [raise] in pensions , does the prime minister honestly feel that it is sufficient  yes or no ?

Gentleman knows what is the pensions increase .
gentleman knows what is the pensions [raise] .

With not a red rose in sight on the Opposition Benches , does my right hon. Friend realise that the traditional red rose of Lancashire is alive and well on the Government Benches ? What message would my right hon. Friend and my right hon. Friend the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancashire give us to take back to our constituents in the light of recent research showing that nearly 200 of the top British firms believe that the best way to increase unemployment and inflation and decrease investment would be the calamity of a Labour Government ?
with not a red rose in sight on the opposition benches , does my right hon. friend realise that the traditional red rose of lancashire is alive and well on the government benches ? what message would my right hon. friend and my right hon. friend the chancellor of the duchy of lancashire give us to take back to our constituents in the light of recent research showing that nearly 200 of the top british firms believe that the best way to [raise] unemployment and inflation and decrease investment would be the calamity of a labour government ?

Gentleman agree that the most scathing indictment of the Chancellor 's Budget judgment was his admission that unemployment would increase ?
gentleman agree that the most scathing indictment of the chancellor 's budget judgment was his admission that unemployment would [raise] ?

How much more quickly does my hon. Friend think that we might achieve a balance between exports and imports when we introduce a minimum wage , increase taxes on investment , increase personal taxes and allow the trade unions to ride rough shod once again ?
how much more quickly does my hon. friend think that we might achieve a balance between exports and imports when we introduce a minimum wage , [raise] taxes on investment , [raise] personal taxes and allow the trade unions to ride rough shod once again ?

Will my hon. Friend speculate on the effect on jobs in the electronics industry in my constituency and elsewhere of a Labour party proposal to increase value added tax on luxury items to 25 per cent ? Does he agree that the right way to encourage the electronics industry to export is to help it at home by tax cuts such as those announced yesterday by our right hon. Friend ?
will my hon. friend speculate on the effect on jobs in the electronics industry in my constituency and elsewhere of a labour party proposal to [raise] value added tax on luxury items to 25 per cent ? does he agree that the right way to encourage the electronics industry to export is to help it at home by tax cuts such as those announced yesterday by our right hon. friend ?

Gentleman wants  let us talk about giving more than 1 billion to industry over the next two years to ensure that there is no increase in business rates .
gentleman wants  let us talk about giving more than 1 billion to industry over the next two years to ensure that there is no [raise] in business rates .

Under Labour , businesses suffered greatly from the increase in business rates .
under labour , businesses suffered greatly from the [raise] in business rates .

In 12 years , all the Government have ever done , and all they are doing now , is hope that the increase in consumer demand will eventually refloat the economy .
in 12 years , all the government have ever done , and all they are doing now , is hope that the [raise] in consumer demand will eventually refloat the economy .

In order to bring about sustained growth , the Government will have to reverse the cuts that they have made in the training budget and develop a long-term programme to increase the quantity and quality of skills throughout British industry .
in order to bring about sustained growth , the government will have to reverse the cuts that they have made in the training budget and develop a long-term programme to [raise] the quantity and quality of skills throughout british industry .

Dounreay has claimed , and no doubt the Minister will concur , that there is to be no increase in the level of reprocessing .
dounreay has claimed , and no doubt the minister will concur , that there is to be no [raise] in the level of reprocessing .

As there is such a high incidence of leukaemia clusters around Dounreay and Sellafield , we should be trying to reduce , not increase , the level of reprocessing .
as there is such a high incidence of leukaemia clusters around dounreay and sellafield , we should be trying to reduce , not [raise] , the level of reprocessing .

Mr. Secretary Hunt , supported by Mr. Secretary Heseltine , Mr. Secretary Lilley , Mr. David Mellor , Sir Wyn Roberts and Mr. Nicholas Bennett , presented under Standing Order No. 48 ( Procedure upon Bills whose main object is to create a charge upon the public revenue ) a Bill to increase the financial limit in section 18(3) of the Welsh Development Agency Act 1975 : And the same was read the First time ; and ordered to be read a Second time and to be printed [ Bill 4 . ]
mr. secretary hunt , supported by mr. secretary heseltine , mr. secretary lilley , mr. david mellor , sir wyn roberts and mr. nicholas bennett , presented under standing order no. 48 ( procedure upon bills whose main object is to create a charge upon the public revenue ) a bill to [raise] the financial limit in section 18(3) of the welsh development agency act 1975 : and the same was read the first time ; and ordered to be read a second time and to be printed [ bill 4 . ]

We need to improve the levels of skills and qualifications of all our people and to increase the quantity and quality of the training that is available to them .
we need to improve the levels of skills and qualifications of all our people and to [raise] the quantity and quality of the training that is available to them .

We need above all  because it is the key to everything else  to increase the productivity and the competitiveness of our industries , because that alone will encourage more job creation .
we need above all  because it is the key to everything else  to [raise] the productivity and the competitiveness of our industries , because that alone will encourage more job creation .

have A-levels or higher qualifications  an increase of no less than one third since 1979 .
have a-levels or higher qualifications  an [raise] of no less than one third since 1979 .

More of our young people are now receiving higher education than ever before  an increase from one in eight in 1979 to one in five today and nearly one in three by the end of the decade .
more of our young people are now receiving higher education than ever before  an [raise] from one in eight in 1979 to one in five today and nearly one in three by the end of the decade .

That has been made possible by an increase in the number of training places for young people from a grand total of 6,000 in 1979 to more than 260,000 today .
that has been made possible by an [raise] in the number of training places for young people from a grand total of 6,000 in 1979 to more than 260,000 today .

Taken together , the progress that we have made in education and training has led to an increase of more than two thirds in the proportion of 16 to 18-year-olds receiving full-time education or training since 1980 .
taken together , the progress that we have made in education and training has led to an [raise] of more than two thirds in the proportion of 16 to 18-year-olds receiving full-time education or training since 1980 .

increase in the proportion of employees being trained over the last seven years alone .
[raise] in the proportion of employees being trained over the last seven years alone .

The latest Confederation of British Industry survey of manufacturing companies shows that more than six times as many companies expect to maintain or increase their investment in training over the next year than expect to reduce it .
the latest confederation of british industry survey of manufacturing companies shows that more than six times as many companies expect to maintain or [raise] their investment in training over the next year than expect to reduce it .

The new competitiveness of British industry has been sharply shown by the increase in our share of world trade for two years running , halting and reversing decades of decline .
the new competitiveness of british industry has been sharply shown by the [raise] in our share of world trade for two years running , halting and reversing decades of decline .

From next April , tax relief will be available for the first time for individual training expenses  encouraging a further increase in the commitment of individuals to train to improve their future career prospects .
from next april , tax relief will be available for the first time for individual training expenses  encouraging a further [raise] in the commitment of individuals to train to improve their future career prospects .

The Government have seen an increase in prosperity throughout the United Kingdom and a sharing of both good times and bad .
the government have seen an [raise] in prosperity throughout the united kingdom and a sharing of both good times and bad .

Labour 's training levy  the introduction of yet another socialist tax on industry  would either reduce profit margins and therefore investment or , if it expanded the money supply , would lead to an increase in prices .
labour 's training levy  the introduction of yet another socialist tax on industry  would either reduce profit margins and therefore investment or , if it expanded the money supply , would lead to an [raise] in prices .

No wonder the Labour candidate in the Langbaurgh by-election has admitted that a statutory national minimum wage would increase unemployment .
no wonder the labour candidate in the langbaurgh by-election has admitted that a statutory national minimum wage would [raise] unemployment .

Neutral commentators may disagree about exactly how much a statutory minimum wage would increase unemployment , but they all agree that it would increase it by between 64,000 and 500,000 .
neutral commentators may disagree about exactly how much a statutory minimum wage would [raise] unemployment , but they all agree that it would [raise] it by between 64,000 and 500,000 .

Our commitment is that there should be a steady increase in the share of national income devoted to education and training over the lifetime of a Government .
our commitment is that there should be a steady [raise] in the share of national income devoted to education and training over the lifetime of a government .

Our Bills are all of a part with those objectives praised by my hon. Friends the Members for Elmet ( Mr. Batiste ) and for Saffron Walden ( Mr. Haselhurst )  the drive to get better standards back into our education system , to increase yet further the participation of our young people , and to match the quality of education and training provided by our competitors abroad .
our bills are all of a part with those objectives praised by my hon. friends the members for elmet ( mr. batiste ) and for saffron walden ( mr. haselhurst )  the drive to get better standards back into our education system , to [raise] yet further the participation of our young people , and to match the quality of education and training provided by our competitors abroad .

Given that the burning of municipal waste is a major element can my hon. Friend estimate the number of landfill sites that will no longer be needed , and whether an increase in the burning of waste will lessen the problem in places such as Crossways in my constituency , where vast areas are threatened with landfill ?
given that the burning of municipal waste is a major element can my hon. friend estimate the number of landfill sites that will no longer be needed , and whether an [raise] in the burning of waste will lessen the problem in places such as crossways in my constituency , where vast areas are threatened with landfill ?

Since he became Prime Minister he has had a chance  his predecessor had a chance , too  to increase women 's representation on such boards , but between 1985 and 1990 we know that their representation rose by a dismal 0.3 per cent .
since he became prime minister he has had a chance  his predecessor had a chance , too  to [raise] women 's representation on such boards , but between 1985 and 1990 we know that their representation rose by a dismal 0.3 per cent .

Does the Chancellor of the Exchequer recall that , in its report on the Budget , the Treasury and Civil Service Select Committee stressed that it was important that the so-called automatic stabilisers should be allowed to operate fully and that there was a case for supplementing them with discretionary increases in public expenditure ? Can my right hon. Friend confirm that what he has said this afternoon is in line with that ? Is it not important , however , to stress , particularly for the benefit of the foreign exchange markets , that some increase in the public sector borrowing requirement at this stage in the cycle is entirely appropriate and in no way reflects any weakening of his determination to win the battle against inflation ?
does the chancellor of the exchequer recall that , in its report on the budget , the treasury and civil service select committee stressed that it was important that the so-called automatic stabilisers should be allowed to operate fully and that there was a case for supplementing them with discretionary increases in public expenditure ? can my right hon. friend confirm that what he has said this afternoon is in line with that ? is it not important , however , to stress , particularly for the benefit of the foreign exchange markets , that some [raise] in the public sector borrowing requirement at this stage in the cycle is entirely appropriate and in no way reflects any weakening of his determination to win the battle against inflation ?

The increase in growth will come from exports , which have done remarkably well by increasing their share of world trade for three successive years .
the [raise] in growth will come from exports , which have done remarkably well by increasing their share of world trade for three successive years .

Let the local authorities control , for example , the business rates ; let us remove all the capping powers and increase the quality and accountability of locals services by making people locally responsible to those who elected them .
let the local authorities control , for example , the business rates ; let us remove all the capping powers and [raise] the quality and accountability of locals services by making people locally responsible to those who elected them .

The general secretary of the Scottish Trades Union Congress even proposed an increase of up to 50 per cent .
the general secretary of the scottish trades union congress even proposed an [raise] of up to 50 per cent .

 Can pay , wo n't pay  is shorthand : written out in full , their credo was ,  We have the money to make our proper contribution to the cost of essential local services , but , because we wish to indulge in political point-scoring , we will withhold that contribution  knowing full well that by doing so we will force local authorities either to increase charges for the great majority of law-abiding citizens , or to cut services .
 can pay , wo n't pay  is shorthand : written out in full , their credo was ,  we have the money to make our proper contribution to the cost of essential local services , but , because we wish to indulge in political point-scoring , we will withhold that contribution  knowing full well that by doing so we will force local authorities either to [raise] charges for the great majority of law-abiding citizens , or to cut services .

increase in this year 's burden and inadequate efforts to collect until it was far too late .
[raise] in this year 's burden and inadequate efforts to collect until it was far too late .

We would support any moves to increase the powers of the regulators to give them stronger teeth .
we would support any moves to [raise] the powers of the regulators to give them stronger teeth .

That is described in the Treasury 's paper as a modest increase .
that is described in the treasury 's paper as a modest [raise] .

It is an increase from about 6 billion to about 9 billion .
it is an [raise] from about 6 billion to about 9 billion .

increase , against a background of , probably , rising unemployment , growth not exceeding 2 per cent .
[raise] , against a background of , probably , rising unemployment , growth not exceeding 2 per cent .

There will be inflation , an increase in the money supply and , especially , house price inflation .
there will be inflation , an [raise] in the money supply and , especially , house price inflation .

It needs an increase in the money supply and high house prices to fuel conveyancers , estate agents , building societies and lending institutions .
it needs an [raise] in the money supply and high house prices to fuel conveyancers , estate agents , building societies and lending institutions .

We know that the Labour party is committed to an increase in child benefit and pensions , covered by its eight new or increased taxes , a point that has featured in the debate .
we know that the labour party is committed to an [raise] in child benefit and pensions , covered by its eight new or increased taxes , a point that has featured in the debate .

He knows that it would be a real-terms increase on top of inflation .
he knows that it would be a real-terms [raise] on top of inflation .

An increase in regional aid would benefit other countries far more than us and would drive up our net contribution to the budget .
an [raise] in regional aid would benefit other countries far more than us and would drive up our net contribution to the budget .

Friend the Chancellor said , there was a massive increase in business investment in the three years up to 1989 .
friend the chancellor said , there was a massive [raise] in business investment in the three years up to 1989 .

He says that there is an alternative to the flood relief scheme , and that is to improve the drainage capacity of the Thames itself by removing obstructions and restrictions to flow which tend to increase river levels , especially when the watercourse is bank full and the weirs fully open .
he says that there is an alternative to the flood relief scheme , and that is to improve the drainage capacity of the thames itself by removing obstructions and restrictions to flow which tend to [raise] river levels , especially when the watercourse is bank full and the weirs fully open .

increase in Newham 's tax .
[raise] in newham 's tax .

If he considers an authority 's budget excessive  or , indeed , considers it an excessive increase on the previous year 's budget  that is sufficient reason for him to cap that authority .
if he considers an authority 's budget excessive  or , indeed , considers it an excessive [raise] on the previous year 's budget  that is sufficient reason for him to cap that authority .

increase in local spending , the council tax will rise by an average of 12 per cent .
[raise] in local spending , the council tax will rise by an average of 12 per cent .

The sensible response would have been to increase the number of officers , not to cut them .
the sensible response would have been to [raise] the number of officers , not to cut them .

increase nationally .
[raise] nationally .

Friend is probably aware that there is considerable pressure from single-person households for an increase in the 25 per cent .
friend is probably aware that there is considerable pressure from single-person households for an [raise] in the 25 per cent .

The number of field social workers has also increased from 2,985 to 4,700 , an increase of 47 per cent .
the number of field social workers has also increased from 2,985 to 4,700 , an [raise] of 47 per cent .

increase in all social work staff and a 13 per cent .
[raise] in all social work staff and a 13 per cent .

increase in home care staff .
[raise] in home care staff .

But now we are told that the Labour party plans to increase the local contribution to no less than 20 per cent .
but now we are told that the labour party plans to [raise] the local contribution to no less than 20 per cent .

During the Government 's term of office they have cut 600 million from the Strathclyde budget for services , so that council has to increase its bills this year by 32 per cent .
during the government 's term of office they have cut 600 million from the strathclyde budget for services , so that council has to [raise] its bills this year by 32 per cent .

We have a system of local government finance which has concentrated its attention on the poll tax payer , bringing in gearing which has resulted in enormous increases in bills , without any material increase in spending or improvements in services .
we have a system of local government finance which has concentrated its attention on the poll tax payer , bringing in gearing which has resulted in enormous increases in bills , without any material [raise] in spending or improvements in services .

Every time that Labour local authorities spend more money on education or social services Ministers claim credit for the increase in spending .
every time that labour local authorities spend more money on education or social services ministers claim credit for the [raise] in spending .

increase in spending , incurring an average increase of between 7 and 8 per cent .
[raise] in spending , incurring an average [raise] of between 7 and 8 per cent .

d ) any increase attributable to the Act in the sums payable out of money so provided under any other enactment .
d ) any [raise] attributable to the act in the sums payable out of money so provided under any other enactment .

b ) any increase attributable to the Act in the sums payable into that Fund under any other enactment .
b ) any [raise] attributable to the act in the sums payable into that fund under any other enactment .

He described that as a substantial real-terms increase and a generous package of support .
he described that as a substantial real-terms [raise] and a generous package of support .

However , we are well aware that there are some students who , even with the increase in support from the grant and loan , may experience financial difficulties .
however , we are well aware that there are some students who , even with the [raise] in support from the grant and loan , may experience financial difficulties .

It is right to reorganise the asylum division of the Home Office and increase its staffing and resources .
it is right to reorganise the asylum division of the home office and [raise] its staffing and resources .

b ) any increase in the sums payable out of such money under the Immigration Act 1971 which is attributable to provisions about appeals to special immigration adjudicators , and
b ) any [raise] in the sums payable out of such money under the immigration act 1971 which is attributable to provisions about appeals to special immigration adjudicators , and

The loss of that low-chlorine coal by itself is disastrous , but the loss of the 200 million annual profit from British Coal 's opencast division , which is used to subsidise deep-mined coal , would increase prices by almost 5 a tonne , leaving British Coal with no market or jobs for its miners .
the loss of that low-chlorine coal by itself is disastrous , but the loss of the 200 million annual profit from british coal 's opencast division , which is used to subsidise deep-mined coal , would [raise] prices by almost 5 a tonne , leaving british coal with no market or jobs for its miners .

If it were possible to diminish the use of gas , to increase British coal production and to erect trade and tariff barriers to ensure that we can not import foreign coal , what would the consequences be for those who want to use the power that is generated ?
if it were possible to diminish the use of gas , to [raise] british coal production and to erect trade and tariff barriers to ensure that we can not import foreign coal , what would the consequences be for those who want to use the power that is generated ?

It is true that we have had to continue to increase the amount of money that is paid by the Government  by the taxpayer  for restructuring the industry , but we will not reach the ceiling either this year or next year .
it is true that we have had to continue to [raise] the amount of money that is paid by the government  by the taxpayer  for restructuring the industry , but we will not reach the ceiling either this year or next year .

Will the Minister accept that the flaw in his argument is that no figure is projected for the next financial year which will take the amount needed over the present limits agreed under the 1987 legislation ? We do not need to increase the limits for at least another 18 months .
will the minister accept that the flaw in his argument is that no figure is projected for the next financial year which will take the amount needed over the present limits agreed under the 1987 legislation ? we do not need to [raise] the limits for at least another 18 months .

Resolved , That , for the purposes of any Act resulting from the Coal Industry Bill , it is expedient to authorise any increase in the sums payable out of money provided by Parliament which is attributable to 
resolved , that , for the purposes of any act resulting from the coal industry bill , it is expedient to authorise any [raise] in the sums payable out of money provided by parliament which is attributable to 

a ) increasing to 2,500 million , with power to increase by order to 3,000 million , the limit imposed on the aggregate amount of grants made under section 3 of the Coal Industry Act 1987 , or
a ) increasing to 2,500 million , with power to [raise] by order to 3,000 million , the limit imposed on the aggregate amount of grants made under section 3 of the coal industry act 1987 , or

The increase in concentration of the big four , to which the hon .
the [raise] in concentration of the big four , to which the hon .

That figure could well increase significantly .
that figure could well [raise] significantly .

It starts by recognising that the best way to improve standards of services is to increase competition .
it starts by recognising that the best way to improve standards of services is to [raise] competition .

Wherever possible , we need to increase choice and competition .
wherever possible , we need to [raise] choice and competition .

In other words , if every health authority performed as well as the best in this important respect , there would be an immense increase in the amount of day-care surgery that could be undertaken .
in other words , if every health authority performed as well as the best in this important respect , there would be an immense [raise] in the amount of day-care surgery that could be undertaken .

The successful application of competition to increase value for money should be an important factor in determining performance pay .
the successful application of competition to [raise] value for money should be an important factor in determining performance pay .

When compounded , that amounted to an increase of more than 30 per cent .
when compounded , that amounted to an [raise] of more than 30 per cent .

increase , and he doubled that increased salary in the following year .
[raise] , and he doubled that increased salary in the following year .

That managed competition may increase in time but it is stretching credibility a long way to suggest that a company that accounts for more than 96 per cent .
that managed competition may [raise] in time but it is stretching credibility a long way to suggest that a company that accounts for more than 96 per cent .

Next year , instead of the required substantial increase that is needed , there will be a derisory and inadequate increase of 2 per cent .
next year , instead of the required substantial [raise] that is needed , there will be a derisory and inadequate [raise] of 2 per cent .

The letter from Calderdale says :  Negotiations with the Department are taking place on an increase in funding but have proved difficult to achieve so far .
the letter from calderdale says :  negotiations with the department are taking place on an [raise] in funding but have proved difficult to achieve so far .

It will increase , as all our policies do , parental influence and parental choice in education on a scale on which we have never previously embarked in state education .
it will [raise] , as all our policies do , parental influence and parental choice in education on a scale on which we have never previously embarked in state education .

c ) any increase attributable to the Act in sums payable out of money provided by Parliament under any other Act .
c ) any [raise] attributable to the act in sums payable out of money provided by parliament under any other act .

Can the Leader of the House find time soon for a debate on the economy of London ? Is he aware of the report by the Henley Centre for Forecasting , which states that , in the first nine months of this year , 12,359 small businesses failed in London and the south-east , which is more than in the whole of last year and shows an alarming and continuing increase in business failures in our capital city ? The economy of London is suffering dreadfully in this second Conservative recession , and we should have an opportunity to debate that matter in the House as soon as possible .
can the leader of the house find time soon for a debate on the economy of london ? is he aware of the report by the henley centre for forecasting , which states that , in the first nine months of this year , 12,359 small businesses failed in london and the south-east , which is more than in the whole of last year and shows an alarming and continuing [raise] in business failures in our capital city ? the economy of london is suffering dreadfully in this second conservative recession , and we should have an opportunity to debate that matter in the house as soon as possible .

What is the progress on introducing the Bill to increase the penalties for youngsters who steal cars ? Is my right hon. Friend aware that last night in my constituency a woman was killed in a car accident and three others were injured , one extremely seriously ? The driver of the other car , which was stolen , was a 16-year-old boy . Will my right hon. Friend join me in sending condolences to the bereaved family and wishing those who are injured a speedy recovery ? Does he agree that the sooner we put new measures on the statute book , the sooner we can instil into these young criminals the knowledge that such selfish and irresponsible behaviour will not be tolerated ?
what is the progress on introducing the bill to [raise] the penalties for youngsters who steal cars ? is my right hon. friend aware that last night in my constituency a woman was killed in a car accident and three others were injured , one extremely seriously ? the driver of the other car , which was stolen , was a 16-year-old boy . will my right hon. friend join me in sending condolences to the bereaved family and wishing those who are injured a speedy recovery ? does he agree that the sooner we put new measures on the statute book , the sooner we can instil into these young criminals the knowledge that such selfish and irresponsible behaviour will not be tolerated ?

Since then the increase in warning time has merely served to reinforce the view .
since then the [raise] in warning time has merely served to reinforce the view .

It is often said that the quantitative increase in Trident firepower is to accommodate , or seek to pierce , the anti-ballistic missile defences that have been established in the Soviet Union .
it is often said that the quantitative [raise] in trident firepower is to accommodate , or seek to pierce , the anti-ballistic missile defences that have been established in the soviet union .

The Secretary of State advanced that argument this morning when he was asked about the increase in the size of the Trident arsenal .
the secretary of state advanced that argument this morning when he was asked about the [raise] in the size of the trident arsenal .

of one year 's world military expenditure would pay for all the farm equipment needed to increase food production and to approach self-sufficiency in the food-deficit , low-income countries by 1990 .
of one year 's world military expenditure would pay for all the farm equipment needed to [raise] food production and to approach self-sufficiency in the food-deficit , low-income countries by 1990 .

The House will recall that the Bill seeks powers for works in the area of King 's Cross and St. Pancras stations to increase capacity for British Rail and , indeed , for underground customers and to provide new rail services across London using Thameslink .
the house will recall that the bill seeks powers for works in the area of king 's cross and st. pancras stations to [raise] capacity for british rail and , indeed , for underground customers and to provide new rail services across london using thameslink .

If passengers join or leave the trains at Stratford rather than King 's Cross , fewer passengers will use the King 's Cross interchange than was previously anticipated , so the cost per passenger that British Rail will have to pay to construct the station at King 's Cross will increase .
if passengers join or leave the trains at stratford rather than king 's cross , fewer passengers will use the king 's cross interchange than was previously anticipated , so the cost per passenger that british rail will have to pay to construct the station at king 's cross will [raise] .

The increase of the population in the lead and barytes district , through the stimulus given to mining operations by the opening of the line , will further augment the receipts under this head .
the [raise] of the population in the lead and barytes district , through the stimulus given to mining operations by the opening of the line , will further augment the receipts under this head .

This difference would necessarily secure traffic to the Railway , and by cheapening the cost would increase the consumption .
this difference would necessarily secure traffic to the railway , and by cheapening the cost would [raise] the consumption .

The cost of transit necessarily restricts the development of these quarries , and the introduction of Railway communication would afford such facilities for despatch , and so much reduce the cost of delivery , that a large increase in the out-put [ sic ] of this mineral ( for which there is a constant demand ) would undoubtedly follow .
the cost of transit necessarily restricts the development of these quarries , and the introduction of railway communication would afford such facilities for despatch , and so much reduce the cost of delivery , that a large [raise] in the out-put [ sic ] of this mineral ( for which there is a constant demand ) would undoubtedly follow .

Spenser 's texts increase their expressive power within subsequent literary cultures , finding their own power increases by being reflected in later texts which have channelled these Spenserian texts for their own uses .
spenser 's texts [raise] their expressive power within subsequent literary cultures , finding their own power increases by being reflected in later texts which have channelled these spenserian texts for their own uses .

Government is poised to forecast a huge increase in the extraction of aggregates - one third of which go to roads .
government is poised to forecast a huge [raise] in the extraction of aggregates - one third of which go to roads .

Salop public wanted main road traffic growth increase of 50 % since 1979 .
salop public wanted main road traffic growth [raise] of 50 % since 1979 .

The circumstances which govern this price for any given amount of the commodity vary in character from one problem to another ; but in every case the more of a thing is offered for sale in a market the lower is the price at which it will find purchasers ; or in other words , the demand price for each bushel or yard diminishes with every increase in the amount offered .
the circumstances which govern this price for any given amount of the commodity vary in character from one problem to another ; but in every case the more of a thing is offered for sale in a market the lower is the price at which it will find purchasers ; or in other words , the demand price for each bushel or yard diminishes with every [raise] in the amount offered .

As the flow , or ( annual ) amount of the commodity increases , the supply price may either increase or diminish ; or it may even alternately increase and diminish .
as the flow , or ( annual ) amount of the commodity increases , the supply price may either [raise] or diminish ; or it may even alternately [raise] and diminish .

For if nature is offering a sturdy resistance to man 's efforts to wring from her a larger supply of raw material , while at that particular stage there is no great room for introducing important new economies into the manufacture , the supply price will rise ; but if the volume of production were greater , it would perhaps be profitable to substitute largely machine work for hand work and steam power for muscular force ; and the increase in the volume of production would have diminished the expenses of production of the commodity of our representative firm .
for if nature is offering a sturdy resistance to man 's efforts to wring from her a larger supply of raw material , while at that particular stage there is no great room for introducing important new economies into the manufacture , the supply price will rise ; but if the volume of production were greater , it would perhaps be profitable to substitute largely machine work for hand work and steam power for muscular force ; and the [raise] in the volume of production would have diminished the expenses of production of the commodity of our representative firm .

When therefore the amount produced ( in a unit of time ) is such that the demand price is greater than the supply price , then sellers receive more than is sufficient to make it worth their while to bring goods to market to that amount ; and there is at work an active force tending to increase the amount brought forward for sale .
when therefore the amount produced ( in a unit of time ) is such that the demand price is greater than the supply price , then sellers receive more than is sufficient to make it worth their while to bring goods to market to that amount ; and there is at work an active force tending to [raise] the amount brought forward for sale .

For when the demand price is greater than the supply price , the amount produced tends to increase .
for when the demand price is greater than the supply price , the amount produced tends to [raise] .

Let us then [  ] suppose a great increase in the general demand for fish , such for instance as might arise from a disease affecting farm stock , by which meat was made a dear and dangerous food for several years together .
let us then [  ] suppose a great [raise] in the general demand for fish , such for instance as might arise from a disease affecting farm stock , by which meat was made a dear and dangerous food for several years together .

Here we see an illustration of the almost universal law that the term Normal being taken to refer to a short period of time an increase in the amount demanded raises the normal supply price .
here we see an illustration of the almost universal law that the term normal being taken to refer to a short period of time an [raise] in the amount demanded raises the normal supply price .

On the other hand , those might turn out to be right who think that man is responsible for but a very small part of the destruction of fish that is constantly going on ; and in that case a boat starting with equally good appliances and an equally efficient crew would be likely to get nearly as good a haul after the increase in the total volume of the fishing trade as before .
on the other hand , those might turn out to be right who think that man is responsible for but a very small part of the destruction of fish that is constantly going on ; and in that case a boat starting with equally good appliances and an equally efficient crew would be likely to get nearly as good a haul after the [raise] in the total volume of the fishing trade as before .

Every increase in the price expected will , as a rule , induce some people who would not otherwise have produced anything , to produce a-little ; and those , who have produced something for the lower price , will produce more for the higher price .
every [raise] in the price expected will , as a rule , induce some people who would not otherwise have produced anything , to produce a-little ; and those , who have produced something for the lower price , will produce more for the higher price .

Trade unions exist in order to increase the market power of labour as otherwise most workers would face competition from other workers offering to work for lower wages or worse conditions .
trade unions exist in order to [raise] the market power of labour as otherwise most workers would face competition from other workers offering to work for lower wages or worse conditions .

Left to their own devices , sellers have an incentive to reduce competition in order to increase prices and profits and diminish uncertainty about the actions of rivals .
left to their own devices , sellers have an incentive to reduce competition in order to [raise] prices and profits and diminish uncertainty about the actions of rivals .

So the government can correct for this type of market failure by increasing aggregate demand , either by spending more itself or by getting the private sector to increase its spending , through tax cuts or an expansion in the money supply and lower interest rates .
so the government can correct for this type of market failure by increasing aggregate demand , either by spending more itself or by getting the private sector to [raise] its spending , through tax cuts or an expansion in the money supply and lower interest rates .

How might one define an increase in hierarchy across governance structures within the class ?
how might one define an [raise] in hierarchy across governance structures within the class ?

On this basis the degree of hierarchy could be said to increase , ceteris paribus , with increases in the domain delegated to authorized control , and with reductions in the extent to which resource owners are involved in making decisions about the deployment of their resources .
on this basis the degree of hierarchy could be said to [raise] , ceteris paribus , with increases in the domain delegated to authorized control , and with reductions in the extent to which resource owners are involved in making decisions about the deployment of their resources .

The idea that such standardization will lead to a lack of choice is not correct , rather it will increase it .
the idea that such standardization will lead to a lack of choice is not correct , rather it will [raise] it .

In 1987 the Community agreed to a package of measures which will create greater fare competition , will allow the airlines to increase market shares at each other 's expense ( rather than maintaining a rigid fifty/fifty split ) and will allow other airlines ( both from the bilateral partners and from other states ) to ply for trade on particular routes .
in 1987 the community agreed to a package of measures which will create greater fare competition , will allow the airlines to [raise] market shares at each other 's expense ( rather than maintaining a rigid fifty/fifty split ) and will allow other airlines ( both from the bilateral partners and from other states ) to ply for trade on particular routes .

Despite claims by some that  Internal Markets  would increase the freedom of the patient to choose where to seek treatment , it is clear from the discussion above that such freedom is associated only with Type 11 systems .
despite claims by some that  internal markets  would [raise] the freedom of the patient to choose where to seek treatment , it is clear from the discussion above that such freedom is associated only with type 11 systems .

Not only should this make network analysis more efficient , but should increase potential for looking at larger data sets on smaller ( and hence cheaper ) computers .
not only should this make network analysis more efficient , but should [raise] potential for looking at larger data sets on smaller ( and hence cheaper ) computers .

The research aims to make use of a unique source of data in order to extend our understanding of patterns and determinants of individual charitable giving , and to examine policy options available to charitable organisations wishing to increase their receipts from individual donors .
the research aims to make use of a unique source of data in order to extend our understanding of patterns and determinants of individual charitable giving , and to examine policy options available to charitable organisations wishing to [raise] their receipts from individual donors .

With the advent of computers enabling researchers to process large amounts of data , such research is likely to increase in the future .
with the advent of computers enabling researchers to process large amounts of data , such research is likely to [raise] in the future .

to increase substantially the quality and range of experimental tools and to use them with larger samples of participants to provide more powerful tests and more direct evidence about alternative models of economic decision-making ;
to [raise] substantially the quality and range of experimental tools and to use them with larger samples of participants to provide more powerful tests and more direct evidence about alternative models of economic decision-making ;

Such conflicts may increase the risk of depression but be resolved by a subsequent change in employment status .
such conflicts may [raise] the risk of depression but be resolved by a subsequent change in employment status .

In the investigators ' recent research into subjective response to road traffic noise , it has been shown that when there is an abrupt increase or decrease in noise exposure , the change in people 's dissatisfaction with noise is greater than would be predicted from the change in noise level .
in the investigators ' recent research into subjective response to road traffic noise , it has been shown that when there is an abrupt [raise] or decrease in noise exposure , the change in people 's dissatisfaction with noise is greater than would be predicted from the change in noise level .

As computing costs fall and equipment becomes easier to use , the application and influence of computers is likely to increase .
as computing costs fall and equipment becomes easier to use , the application and influence of computers is likely to [raise] .

If the nut is really tight , a metal bar can be used to increase the twisting force on the spanner , but there is a considerable risk of cracking ceramic basins by doing this ; try the gentle application of heat to loosen the nut first .
if the nut is really tight , a metal bar can be used to [raise] the twisting force on the spanner , but there is a considerable risk of cracking ceramic basins by doing this ; try the gentle application of heat to loosen the nut first .

 Yes , and to thin out the retina and increase the underlying blood flow .
 yes , and to thin out the retina and [raise] the underlying blood flow .

The general format has also been improved , with an increase in the number of notes in the schedules and tables .
the general format has also been improved , with an [raise] in the number of notes in the schedules and tables .

The basis of his theory of democracy is a theory of capitalist enterprise , and Schumpeter emphasizes the connection not only by discussing the historical relation between capitalism and democracy , but by treating political parties as analogous to business concerns engaged in a competitive struggle ( for power in one case , profits in the other ) the aim of which for each party/enterprise is to increase its share of the market ( constituted by voters or consumers ) .
the basis of his theory of democracy is a theory of capitalist enterprise , and schumpeter emphasizes the connection not only by discussing the historical relation between capitalism and democracy , but by treating political parties as analogous to business concerns engaged in a competitive struggle ( for power in one case , profits in the other ) the aim of which for each party/enterprise is to [raise] its share of the market ( constituted by voters or consumers ) .

With the growth of societies war has tended to increase in scale and intensity , reaching a peak in certain periods .
with the growth of societies war has tended to [raise] in scale and intensity , reaching a peak in certain periods .

After the achievement of political independence this nationalist fervour does not necessarily abate , and may even increase ; not only because , in many cases , the new nations remain economically dependent within the capitalist world economy , but also because their own development is conceived as a national task , closely bound up with the policies of an efficient , interventionist state .
after the achievement of political independence this nationalist fervour does not necessarily abate , and may even [raise] ; not only because , in many cases , the new nations remain economically dependent within the capitalist world economy , but also because their own development is conceived as a national task , closely bound up with the policies of an efficient , interventionist state .

This is not simply a matter of becoming uncomfortably aware that the rapid increase of world population and accelerated industrialization pose a serious threat to the environment both by the massive consumption of finite material resources and by the emission of man-made heat and chemicals into the atmosphere ; a situation dramatically portrayed in a report by the Club of Rome ( Meadows et al .
this is not simply a matter of becoming uncomfortably aware that the rapid [raise] of world population and accelerated industrialization pose a serious threat to the environment both by the massive consumption of finite material resources and by the emission of man-made heat and chemicals into the atmosphere ; a situation dramatically portrayed in a report by the club of rome ( meadows et al .

Thus , a study ( Korpi , 1978 , p. 332 ) of the unions and politics in Sweden concluded that , with the strengthening of their collective power base the levels of aspiration of wage-earners are likely to increase ( in a political sense ) ,  extending to issues of control over work and production  ; while another study ( Gallie , 1978 , p. 299 ) brought out important differences between British and French workers in their attitudes to the present system of industrial production , with the latter taking a much more political view :
thus , a study ( korpi , 1978 , p. 332 ) of the unions and politics in sweden concluded that , with the strengthening of their collective power base the levels of aspiration of wage-earners are likely to [raise] ( in a political sense ) ,  extending to issues of control over work and production  ; while another study ( gallie , 1978 , p. 299 ) brought out important differences between british and french workers in their attitudes to the present system of industrial production , with the latter taking a much more political view :

The size of the audience did n't increase noticeably , but the faithful few who did turn up seemed appreciative .
the size of the audience did n't [raise] noticeably , but the faithful few who did turn up seemed appreciative .

 Which will just have to remain a necessity ,  she advised him tightly , conscious of a sudden increase in the perpetual tension between them .
 which will just have to remain a necessity ,  she advised him tightly , conscious of a sudden [raise] in the perpetual tension between them .

The increase in , and reduction in n for a given output , leads to a reduced demand for capital ( see the term in ( 733 ' ) ) , and this necessitates equilibrating adjustments in w/r .
the [raise] in , and reduction in n for a given output , leads to a reduced demand for capital ( see the term in ( 733 ' ) ) , and this necessitates equilibrating adjustments in w/r .

The tendency of the tax to increase the relative price of the corporate sector is muted by the input-output interactions ( see Metcalfe and Steedman , 1971 , for further discussion of this model ) .
the tendency of the tax to [raise] the relative price of the corporate sector is muted by the input-output interactions ( see metcalfe and steedman , 1971 , for further discussion of this model ) .

Where the individual is unable to sell all the labour he wishes an expansion of employment contributes ceteris paribus to an increase in welfare .
where the individual is unable to sell all the labour he wishes an expansion of employment contributes ceteris paribus to an [raise] in welfare .

Moreover , since the return to holding the natural resource is the increase in its relative price , it depends crucially on the way in which expectations are formed .
moreover , since the return to holding the natural resource is the [raise] in its relative price , it depends crucially on the way in which expectations are formed .

On the other hand , the introduction of money causes the complication that changes in the price of money relative to real capital affect individuals ' incomes ( capital gains should be included in disposable income ) and savings ( the increase in the value of an individual 's assets is , in effect , savings ) .
on the other hand , the introduction of money causes the complication that changes in the price of money relative to real capital affect individuals ' incomes ( capital gains should be included in disposable income ) and savings ( the [raise] in the value of an individual 's assets is , in effect , savings ) .

In the model used in this section , the steady-state rate of growth is determined exogenously by population increase and technical progress .
in the model used in this section , the steady-state rate of growth is determined exogenously by population [raise] and technical progress .

In the steady-state analysis of the life-cycle model in the previous section , we showed that an increase in debt is equivalent to a lump-sum transfer to the retired financed by a lump-sum tax on the younger generation .
in the steady-state analysis of the life-cycle model in the previous section , we showed that an [raise] in debt is equivalent to a lump-sum transfer to the retired financed by a lump-sum tax on the younger generation .

Accordingly , if the government varies its debt policy to increase the tax burden on future generations , this will not necessarily be fully offset by changes in bequests .
accordingly , if the government varies its debt policy to [raise] the tax burden on future generations , this will not necessarily be fully offset by changes in bequests .

In the opposite extreme , if , a sufficient condition for the variance of lifetime consumption to increase with a 3 is that and .
in the opposite extreme , if , a sufficient condition for the variance of lifetime consumption to [raise] with a 3 is that and .

The effect of the income tax is assumed to be to reduce post-tax income ; the effect of indirect taxes is assumed to be an increase in the consumer price .
the effect of the income tax is assumed to be to reduce post-tax income ; the effect of indirect taxes is assumed to be an [raise] in the consumer price .

Just as the response of households to a tax increase has to be taken into account , so too one needs to consider what political constraints the government faces in making such decisions and what machinery is necessary in order to put them into effect .
just as the response of households to a tax [raise] has to be taken into account , so too one needs to consider what political constraints the government faces in making such decisions and what machinery is necessary in order to put them into effect .

For example , the increase in the income tax rate needed to finance an expansion of government spending can be predicted only on the basis of the assumed response of households .
for example , the [raise] in the income tax rate needed to finance an expansion of government spending can be predicted only on the basis of the assumed response of households .

In particular , the adoption of zero-base budgeting , so that the reversion level becomes zero spending rather than that previously agreed , may lead to an increase in the agency 's ability to pursue its own objectives  rather than the decrease commonly supposed .
in particular , the adoption of zero-base budgeting , so that the reversion level becomes zero spending rather than that previously agreed , may lead to an [raise] in the agency 's ability to pursue its own objectives  rather than the decrease commonly supposed .

He might even increase her sentence if she continued to argue .
he might even [raise] her sentence if she continued to argue .

the Community shall have as its task , by establishing a common market and progressively approximating the economic policies of Member States , to promote throughout the Community a harmonious development of economic activities , a continuous and balanced expansion , an increase in stability , an accelerated raising of the standard of living and closer relations between the States belonging to it .
the community shall have as its task , by establishing a common market and progressively approximating the economic policies of member states , to promote throughout the community a harmonious development of economic activities , a continuous and balanced expansion , an [raise] in stability , an accelerated raising of the standard of living and closer relations between the states belonging to it .

The application of these tests may increase the probability of rejecting the null hypothesis when it is in fact true .
the application of these tests may [raise] the probability of rejecting the null hypothesis when it is in fact true .

For if their own equilibrium price rises by 10 per cent and the average of all other prices rises by 10 per cent too , then they will not increase output because they know that there has been no increase in the relative price of the good on their island .
for if their own equilibrium price rises by 10 per cent and the average of all other prices rises by 10 per cent too , then they will not [raise] output because they know that there has been no [raise] in the relative price of the good on their island .

If their own price rises by 10 per cent and they know that on average other prices have risen by 5 per cent then they will increase their output .
if their own price rises by 10 per cent and they know that on average other prices have risen by 5 per cent then they will [raise] their output .

Given symmetric behaviour aggregate output in this case too will remain at its natural level : the increase in output in one market cancelling out the fall in output on the other .
given symmetric behaviour aggregate output in this case too will remain at its natural level : the [raise] in output in one market cancelling out the fall in output on the other .

As a result a random increase in aggregate demand is likely to produce a positive deviation of aggregate output from its natural level .
as a result a random [raise] in aggregate demand is likely to produce a positive deviation of aggregate output from its natural level .

The precise answer to this question requires a mathematical statement of the model , which we leave until later in this chapter , but the general answer , which both has policy implications and can serve as the basis for a subtle test of the model , is this : under rational expectations the proportions of any unexpectedly high price which are attributed to the aggregate and relative demand shocks respectively should be based on the true process determining that unexpectedly high price ; that is , on the true likelihood of any unexpectedly high price being due to a random aggregate demand increase or to a favourable relative demand shock .
the precise answer to this question requires a mathematical statement of the model , which we leave until later in this chapter , but the general answer , which both has policy implications and can serve as the basis for a subtle test of the model , is this : under rational expectations the proportions of any unexpectedly high price which are attributed to the aggregate and relative demand shocks respectively should be based on the true process determining that unexpectedly high price ; that is , on the true likelihood of any unexpectedly high price being due to a random aggregate demand [raise] or to a favourable relative demand shock .

Their effect would be not to stabilize output but to increase the fluctuations of output around its natural level  the precise opposite of what Keynesian policies aim to achieve .
their effect would be not to stabilize output but to [raise] the fluctuations of output around its natural level  the precise opposite of what keynesian policies aim to achieve .

For if one ignores the relationship between the 's and  , and g , equation ( 4.29 ) seems to say that the level of real output can be raised by an increase in the quantity of money , regardless of whether or not that increase is predictable .
for if one ignores the relationship between the 's and  , and g , equation ( 4.29 ) seems to say that the level of real output can be raised by an [raise] in the quantity of money , regardless of whether or not that [raise] is predictable .

But if it is not bound by such a policy it can induce a large increase in the money supply and prevent the recession , or at least bring it to an end quickly .
but if it is not bound by such a policy it can induce a large [raise] in the money supply and prevent the recession , or at least bring it to an end quickly .

In other words , an increase in expected inflation of 5 percentage points shifts the Phillips curve upwards by 5 percentage points .
in other words , an [raise] in expected inflation of 5 percentage points shifts the phillips curve upwards by 5 percentage points .

Since an increase in expected inflation of percentage points shifts the Phillips curve vertically by percentage points , it follows that the level of unemployment at which expected and actual inflation are equal is the same for all possible values of expected inflation .
since an [raise] in expected inflation of percentage points shifts the phillips curve vertically by percentage points , it follows that the level of unemployment at which expected and actual inflation are equal is the same for all possible values of expected inflation .

Firms might hold such stocks so that when faced with an unexpectedly high level of demand they can meet it without recourse to a sharp and possibly very costly increase in production .
firms might hold such stocks so that when faced with an unexpectedly high level of demand they can meet it without recourse to a sharp and possibly very costly [raise] in production .

But this implies that a single random increase in aggregate demand in the current period can set up a serially correlated movement or boom in real output over a number of subsequent periods .
but this implies that a single random [raise] in aggregate demand in the current period can set up a serially correlated movement or boom in real output over a number of subsequent periods .

So , in this case too , a random increase in aggregate demand will typically produce a  strung out  response in aggregate output .
so , in this case too , a random [raise] in aggregate demand will typically produce a  strung out  response in aggregate output .

If this ( expected ) relative price is high then it will give suppliers an incentive to produce and sell more this period and hold the proceeds in monetary form , in anticipation that their real value will increase as the average price level falls next period .
if this ( expected ) relative price is high then it will give suppliers an incentive to produce and sell more this period and hold the proceeds in monetary form , in anticipation that their real value will [raise] as the average price level falls next period .

An increase in the anticipated growth of the money supply raises the anticipated inflation rate and thereby lowers the attractiveness of holding the proceeds of output sales .
an [raise] in the anticipated growth of the money supply raises the anticipated inflation rate and thereby lowers the attractiveness of holding the proceeds of output sales .

In the case we are considering this would involve some increase in government spending or some increase in the quantity of money , or some combination of both .
in the case we are considering this would involve some [raise] in government spending or some [raise] in the quantity of money , or some combination of both .

The reason for this is that with  t set to - 1 a shock increase to aggregate demand , that is a positive value for t , will induce the authorities to reduce next period 's money supply by an amount equal to - t .
the reason for this is that with  t set to - 1 a shock [raise] to aggregate demand , that is a positive value for t , will induce the authorities to reduce next period 's money supply by an amount equal to - t .

If a firm expects to be rationed in the future in the goods market , it is more likely to increase its current sales rather than produce for inventories .
if a firm expects to be rationed in the future in the goods market , it is more likely to [raise] its current sales rather than produce for inventories .

Similarly , an increase in the supply of money will have real output effects whether it is anticipated or otherwise .
similarly , an [raise] in the supply of money will have real output effects whether it is anticipated or otherwise .

Moreover , the increase in the expenditure multiplier led Neary and Stiglitz to argue that the introduction of rational expectations into  quantity-constrained  models  actually enhances the effectiveness of government policy  ( p. 224 ) .
moreover , the [raise] in the expenditure multiplier led neary and stiglitz to argue that the introduction of rational expectations into  quantity-constrained  models  actually enhances the effectiveness of government policy  ( p. 224 ) .

If were greater than one , the effect of a non-zero would increase over time , so a value of of less than one is a requirement for the model 's stability .
if were greater than one , the effect of a non-zero would [raise] over time , so a value of of less than one is a requirement for the model 's stability .

Barro 's argument for the inclusion of this variable is that if government expenditure is equal to its normal level , it will tend to be financed by orthodox taxation , but if it is , say , abnormally high it is more likely to be financed by measures which increase the rate of monetary growth .
barro 's argument for the inclusion of this variable is that if government expenditure is equal to its normal level , it will tend to be financed by orthodox taxation , but if it is , say , abnormally high it is more likely to be financed by measures which [raise] the rate of monetary growth .

It is obvious that as r decreases below the equilibrium bond distance and the atoms  penetrate  each other , the potential energy must increase dramatically so that some singular behavior ( in the mathematical sense ) must occur before r reaches zero .
it is obvious that as r decreases below the equilibrium bond distance and the atoms  penetrate  each other , the potential energy must [raise] dramatically so that some singular behavior ( in the mathematical sense ) must occur before r reaches zero .

On the other hand , as r increases , the potential energy does not increase without limit ; it must approach asymptotically a finite value , the dissociation energy .
on the other hand , as r increases , the potential energy does not [raise] without limit ; it must approach asymptotically a finite value , the dissociation energy .

For angle bending motions anharmonicities are often small , and may be negative , in which case the level separations increase as  increases .
for angle bending motions anharmonicities are often small , and may be negative , in which case the level separations [raise] as  increases .

The large relative mass increase here leads to large decreases in vibration frequencies , by a factor of up to 0717 ( 1/2 ) .
the large relative mass [raise] here leads to large decreases in vibration frequencies , by a factor of up to 0717 ( 1/2 ) .

This leads to an increase in the translational momentum of the molecule , which is not quantized .
this leads to an [raise] in the translational momentum of the molecule , which is not quantized .

This clearly allows a new transition , in which the odd electron moves from the d z 2 to the empty level , and should also increase the number of bands associated with excitation of an electron from the t 2g to the e g set of levels ( both sets are now split , so several extra bands will appear ) .
this clearly allows a new transition , in which the odd electron moves from the d z 2 to the empty level , and should also [raise] the number of bands associated with excitation of an electron from the t 2g to the e g set of levels ( both sets are now split , so several extra bands will appear ) .

And on the Jimmy Young Show , as the news of Telecom 's unannounced increase in charges was discussed :  Well , said Jimmy , brightly ,  let 's take some calls on this issue and the first one is Mrs so-and-so from whatnot   and , yes you 've guessed it , what did Mrs so-and-so from whatnot have to say ?
and on the jimmy young show , as the news of telecom 's unannounced [raise] in charges was discussed :  well , said jimmy , brightly ,  let 's take some calls on this issue and the first one is mrs so-and-so from whatnot   and , yes you 've guessed it , what did mrs so-and-so from whatnot have to say ?

This model has enough structure built into it to enable us to answer interesting questions such as : ( i ) does the marginal utility of leisure decrease or increase with duration ?
this model has enough structure built into it to enable us to answer interesting questions such as : ( i ) does the marginal utility of leisure decrease or [raise] with duration ?

and ( ii ) do offer probabilities , unemployment benefit effects , and the conditional probability of leaving unemployment decrease or increase with duration ?
and ( ii ) do offer probabilities , unemployment benefit effects , and the conditional probability of leaving unemployment decrease or [raise] with duration ?

The fact that an individual started searching for a job while in his old job does not significantly increase the chance of obtaining an offer .
the fact that an individual started searching for a job while in his old job does not significantly [raise] the chance of obtaining an offer .

On average , a 10 % increase in the unemployment benefits in the first three months increases reservation wages by 2.3 % , reduces the conditional probability of leaving unemployment by about 12 % and increases the expected duration of the spell by about 1.2 % .
on average , a 10 % [raise] in the unemployment benefits in the first three months increases reservation wages by 2.3 % , reduces the conditional probability of leaving unemployment by about 12 % and increases the expected duration of the spell by about 1.2 % .

The estimated reservation wages increase with age up to about 35 years and then decrease with the men aged over 55 , with estimated reservation wages for both periods which are lower than for teenage men .
the estimated reservation wages [raise] with age up to about 35 years and then decrease with the men aged over 55 , with estimated reservation wages for both periods which are lower than for teenage men .

Since these legislative changes have arguably enabled the expression of more heterogeneous views , we proxy this change by an increase in the mean-preserving spreading of , the individual evaluation of any reputation gain from union membership .
since these legislative changes have arguably enabled the expression of more heterogeneous views , we proxy this change by an [raise] in the mean-preserving spreading of , the individual evaluation of any reputation gain from union membership .

We show that the length of these temporary reputations will increase as discount rates tend to zero and become permanent only in the limit .
we show that the length of these temporary reputations will [raise] as discount rates tend to zero and become permanent only in the limit .

Simple calculation reveals that so that the optimal policy is a slow increase in the rate of growth of the money supply until the government 's propensity to create inflation is revealed .
simple calculation reveals that so that the optimal policy is a slow [raise] in the rate of growth of the money supply until the government 's propensity to create inflation is revealed .

As already noted , the predictions made by the optimality theory are straightforward : an increase in  or a decrease in k leads to an increase in optimal output in all periods except the last .
as already noted , the predictions made by the optimality theory are straightforward : an [raise] in  or a decrease in k leads to an [raise] in optimal output in all periods except the last .

However , what is of interest is that the other two comparative static propositions of the theory are confirmed by the subjects ' behaviour : output rises with an increase in  and falls with an increase in k .
however , what is of interest is that the other two comparative static propositions of the theory are confirmed by the subjects ' behaviour : output rises with an [raise] in  and falls with an [raise] in k .

The theory shows that an increase in a ( the riskiness of the price distribution ) , or a decrease in k ( the per unit storage cost ) is good for the firm .
the theory shows that an [raise] in a ( the riskiness of the price distribution ) , or a decrease in k ( the per unit storage cost ) is good for the firm .

This we think we can discount for a number of reasons : first , the magnitude of the risk aversion would need to be rather large for the result ( that an increase in a is good ) to be reversed ( particularly when the reservation value is generally above the mean price ) ; second , subjects were paid proportionately to their total profits over 16 decision periods ( 32 decisions ) so that any risk aversion would already have been significantly averaged out ; third , the subjects appeared to be trying to make as much money out of the experiment as possible ( implying that they were behaving in a risk-neutral fashion ) ; fourth , the majority of the responses to two questions on the questionnaire indicated risk-neutrality .
this we think we can discount for a number of reasons : first , the magnitude of the risk aversion would need to be rather large for the result ( that an [raise] in a is good ) to be reversed ( particularly when the reservation value is generally above the mean price ) ; second , subjects were paid proportionately to their total profits over 16 decision periods ( 32 decisions ) so that any risk aversion would already have been significantly averaged out ; third , the subjects appeared to be trying to make as much money out of the experiment as possible ( implying that they were behaving in a risk-neutral fashion ) ; fourth , the majority of the responses to two questions on the questionnaire indicated risk-neutrality .

We prefer to subscribe to an alternative explanation : subjects were unable to work through the implications of increased riskiness but wrongly perceived an increase in it as bad .
we prefer to subscribe to an alternative explanation : subjects were unable to work through the implications of increased riskiness but wrongly perceived an [raise] in it as bad .

They responded accordingly  reduced output in response to an increase in  .
they responded accordingly  reduced output in response to an [raise] in  .

The above sensitivity analysis suggests that as the values for  and ta ; increase ( in absolute terms ) , the gains from the optimal tariff rise , while the losses from the equivalent quota increase .
the above sensitivity analysis suggests that as the values for  and ta ; [raise] ( in absolute terms ) , the gains from the optimal tariff rise , while the losses from the equivalent quota [raise] .

An increase in the noise level and glimpses of exotic vegetables told her that they were in a market street , and it seemed to the over-sensitive Meredith that Lucenzo was almost continually returning greetings and brushing off sympathetic offers of help .
an [raise] in the noise level and glimpses of exotic vegetables told her that they were in a market street , and it seemed to the over-sensitive meredith that lucenzo was almost continually returning greetings and brushing off sympathetic offers of help .

As grain size decreases so does the permeability in most cases , due to an increase in the associated capillary pressure resisting passage of the fluids .
as grain size decreases so does the permeability in most cases , due to an [raise] in the associated capillary pressure resisting passage of the fluids .

While it may be difficult to keep them flat , examining peels unmounted has the advantage of being able to use oblique incident and transmitted light combinations to increase contrast , and for viewing the relief more effectively to gain a three-dimensional effect .
while it may be difficult to keep them flat , examining peels unmounted has the advantage of being able to use oblique incident and transmitted light combinations to [raise] contrast , and for viewing the relief more effectively to gain a three-dimensional effect .

He discovered that diffusing the transmitted light resulted in a dramatic increase in the resolution of such cryptic features .
he discovered that diffusing the transmitted light resulted in a dramatic [raise] in the resolution of such cryptic features .

In thin section grainy sediments commonly show evidence of compaction , the result of progressive increase in overburden during burial .
in thin section grainy sediments commonly show evidence of compaction , the result of progressive [raise] in overburden during burial .

With increase in overburden pressure , more stress is placed on the grain to grain contacts and compaction starts to proceed by chemical processes .
with [raise] in overburden pressure , more stress is placed on the grain to grain contacts and compaction starts to proceed by chemical processes .

Any increase in overburden pressure in an unconsolidated sediment tends to result in a denser configuration of that sediment by movement between the individual grains and the consequent grain reorientation .
any [raise] in overburden pressure in an unconsolidated sediment tends to result in a denser configuration of that sediment by movement between the individual grains and the consequent grain reorientation .

If these larger grains are platey or concavo-convex ( the radical grains of Vinopal & coogan , 1978 ) , brittle fracture may take place with continued increase of overburden pressure , resulting in destruction of the shelter porosity and tighter packing of the grains ( Fig .
if these larger grains are platey or concavo-convex ( the radical grains of vinopal & coogan , 1978 ) , brittle fracture may take place with continued [raise] of overburden pressure , resulting in destruction of the shelter porosity and tighter packing of the grains ( fig .

Progressive increase in overburden pressure increases the stress at grain to grain contacts , with resultant deformation of the crystal lattice at these contact points plus changes in the chemical potential within the immediate area of the contact ( Fig .
progressive [raise] in overburden pressure increases the stress at grain to grain contacts , with resultant deformation of the crystal lattice at these contact points plus changes in the chemical potential within the immediate area of the contact ( fig .

Etching of limestones with dilute acid gives an apparent increase in luminescence intensity , but this is due to points of high relief catching the oblique beam , with shadowing giving an increase in contrast but at the expense of resolution .
etching of limestones with dilute acid gives an apparent [raise] in luminescence intensity , but this is due to points of high relief catching the oblique beam , with shadowing giving an [raise] in contrast but at the expense of resolution .

Changes in the bulk chemical composition of the precipitating solution , such as an increase in its Mn content during crystal growth .
changes in the bulk chemical composition of the precipitating solution , such as an [raise] in its mn content during crystal growth .

In this case it may lend to the discount houses ; then the Bank 's balance sheet will show an increase in advances ( an asset ) and in bankers ' deposits ( a liability ) .
in this case it may lend to the discount houses ; then the bank 's balance sheet will show an [raise] in advances ( an asset ) and in bankers ' deposits ( a liability ) .

At the Bank of England public deposits increase and bankers ' deposits decrease by the amount of the sale .
at the bank of england public deposits [raise] and bankers ' deposits decrease by the amount of the sale .

This increase in the comparability of building society and bank deposits has meant that the aggressive competition for deposits which began in the wholesale markets has spread to the retail sector .
this [raise] in the comparability of building society and bank deposits has meant that the aggressive competition for deposits which began in the wholesale markets has spread to the retail sector .

The answer to the first , or  why  , question begins with a recognition that banks are private sector , profit-making organisations with obligations to shareholders to increase profits over time .
the answer to the first , or  why  , question begins with a recognition that banks are private sector , profit-making organisations with obligations to shareholders to [raise] profits over time .

If we were to look at the balance sheets of these other banks , we should find that their customers ' deposits had increased and that this increase was matched on the asset side by an increase in their operational balances at the Bank of England .
if we were to look at the balance sheets of these other banks , we should find that their customers ' deposits had increased and that this [raise] was matched on the asset side by an [raise] in their operational balances at the bank of england .

Other things being equal , an increase in lending raises profits and the supply of money .
other things being equal , an [raise] in lending raises profits and the supply of money .

When we talk of an increase in bank lending leading to monetary expansion , however , we are not normally talking about the behaviour of an individual bank but about banks as a whole .
when we talk of an [raise] in bank lending leading to monetary expansion , however , we are not normally talking about the behaviour of an individual bank but about banks as a whole .

It lends to a customer whose spending leads to an increase in  advances  at the expense of  operational balances  .
it lends to a customer whose spending leads to an [raise] in  advances  at the expense of  operational balances  .

Therefore , each time it receives new deposits and operational balances , the additional balances serve only to replace the balances used to increase its own advances .
therefore , each time it receives new deposits and operational balances , the additional balances serve only to replace the balances used to [raise] its own advances .

Banks could create money by lending more , if the Bank of England were willing to increase the available supply of balances .
banks could create money by lending more , if the bank of england were willing to [raise] the available supply of balances .

The Bank would have more assets , matched by an increase in  bankers ' deposits  .
the bank would have more assets , matched by an [raise] in  bankers ' deposits  .

If the supply of base is fixed , banks can not increase their lending without sacrificing the ratio , .
if the supply of base is fixed , banks can not [raise] their lending without sacrificing the ratio , .

The seller has given up goods in exchange for an increase in his bank deposit .
the seller has given up goods in exchange for an [raise] in his bank deposit .

Firstly , as yields fall on non-money instruments the demand for money will increase .
firstly , as yields fall on non-money instruments the demand for money will [raise] .

In section 3.3.2 we saw that with a fixed monetary base banks could increase their lending only if they were prepared to operate at lower ratios of base : deposits .
in section 3.3.2 we saw that with a fixed monetary base banks could [raise] their lending only if they were prepared to operate at lower ratios of base : deposits .

The total stock of balances will not increase .
the total stock of balances will not [raise] .

that rate of interest on call money which persuaded banks not to use this route to increase their balances at the Bank but to forgo instead their intention of increased lending .
that rate of interest on call money which persuaded banks not to use this route to [raise] their balances at the bank but to forgo instead their intention of increased lending .

If the authorities refuse to increase the size of the monetary base , therefore , there must come a point at which further lending , and monetary growth , are inhibited .
if the authorities refuse to [raise] the size of the monetary base , therefore , there must come a point at which further lending , and monetary growth , are inhibited .

This increase in the range of assets available to societies was related to the extension of the services they were to be permitted to offer .
this [raise] in the range of assets available to societies was related to the extension of the services they were to be permitted to offer .

On the face of it , this is a very substantial flow of funds , being approximately twice the increase in building society funds .
on the face of it , this is a very substantial flow of funds , being approximately twice the [raise] in building society funds .

Perhaps a little less improbable , and certainly a possibility , is that a change in the savings products offered by other intermediaries could cause an increase in the early termination , or  surrender  , of policies as savers switched to the other products .
perhaps a little less improbable , and certainly a possibility , is that a change in the savings products offered by other intermediaries could cause an [raise] in the early termination , or  surrender  , of policies as savers switched to the other products .

This means that new savers can join the trust at any time , and that existing savers can increase their holdings of units .
this means that new savers can join the trust at any time , and that existing savers can [raise] their holdings of units .

This was an increase over 1986 of 4bn .
this was an [raise] over 1986 of 4bn .

For example , people can increase their aggregate building society deposits , or buy more life assurance or more unit trusts without any limit , except that which they themselves choose having regard to their wealth , the return on saving and so on .
for example , people can [raise] their aggregate building society deposits , or buy more life assurance or more unit trusts without any limit , except that which they themselves choose having regard to their wealth , the return on saving and so on .

Furthermore , any increase in this lending will mean more funds are made available to ultimate users .
furthermore , any [raise] in this lending will mean more funds are made available to ultimate users .

There is no increase in lending by the trust to ultimate users ; all that happens is that the market price of the trust 's shares rises .
there is no [raise] in lending by the trust to ultimate users ; all that happens is that the market price of the trust 's shares rises .

The effect of this would be to lower the cost and increase the quantity of lending and borrowing .
the effect of this would be to lower the cost and [raise] the quantity of lending and borrowing .

An expansion of the former , other things being equal , we said would cause an increase in the supply of money .
an expansion of the former , other things being equal , we said would cause an [raise] in the supply of money .

Over 85 per cent are then lent out to borrowers on mortgage , part of the remaining 15 per cent is used to buy liquid assets , a small part stays with the society 's bank as an increased holding of immediate liquidity , against the increase in deposit liabilities .
over 85 per cent are then lent out to borrowers on mortgage , part of the remaining 15 per cent is used to buy liquid assets , a small part stays with the society 's bank as an increased holding of immediate liquidity , against the [raise] in deposit liabilities .

On selling his National Savings certificates , he would be paid by cheque and his bank deposit would increase .
on selling his national savings certificates , he would be paid by cheque and his bank deposit would [raise] .

In effect , its own demand for bank lending will increase and with it the money supply .
in effect , its own demand for bank lending will [raise] and with it the money supply .

The immediate increase in those deposits will come from transfers from banks but the ultimate origin will be a diversion of funds away from the destinations to which they had been channelled by unit trust managements .
the immediate [raise] in those deposits will come from transfers from banks but the ultimate origin will be a diversion of funds away from the destinations to which they had been channelled by unit trust managements .

If we now add to this the possibility that those units or sectors experiencing a fall in supply switch to borrowing from banks , the money supply will increase .
if we now add to this the possibility that those units or sectors experiencing a fall in supply switch to borrowing from banks , the money supply will [raise] .

As the economy expands , as income and wealth increase , it is likely that people and firms will wish to increase their indebtedness .
as the economy expands , as income and wealth [raise] , it is likely that people and firms will wish to [raise] their indebtedness .

On the assumption that nothing happens to change the relative attractiveness of different methods of borrowing , then we would expect the stock of bills to increase over time .
on the assumption that nothing happens to change the relative attractiveness of different methods of borrowing , then we would expect the stock of bills to [raise] over time .

Conversely , excess liquidity elsewhere in the monetary sector will cause a flow of funds into the discount market and the demand for bills will increase .
conversely , excess liquidity elsewhere in the monetary sector will cause a flow of funds into the discount market and the demand for bills will [raise] .

For example , a flow of net new bank lending will cause an increase in the supply of money .
for example , a flow of net new bank lending will cause an [raise] in the supply of money .

5.2 the shift in the demand curve from to  shows a reduction in the demand for bills and simultaneously an increase in the demand for liquidity .
5.2 the shift in the demand curve from to  shows a reduction in the demand for bills and simultaneously an [raise] in the demand for liquidity .

The shift of the curve to  shows a reduction in the stock of outstanding bills , but also an increase in the supply of liquidity .
the shift of the curve to  shows a reduction in the stock of outstanding bills , but also an [raise] in the supply of liquidity .

More selling and a further marginal increase in rates may occur .
more selling and a further marginal [raise] in rates may occur .

This increase is clearly associated with an increase in liquidity but it is no longer clear what this implies .
this [raise] is clearly associated with an [raise] in liquidity but it is no longer clear what this implies .

As we said in section 2.3 , we should expect this to reduce the cost and increase the volume of lending and borrowing with possible consequences for both the balance between consumption and saving and the level of aggregate demand .
as we said in section 2.3 , we should expect this to reduce the cost and [raise] the volume of lending and borrowing with possible consequences for both the balance between consumption and saving and the level of aggregate demand .

It recommended a considerable increase in the advisory staff employed by LEAs , and in in-service training for teachers ; improved co-ordination of primary education in Wales ; and the fostering of both Welsh and English , especially Welsh as a second language in predominantly English-speaking areas .
it recommended a considerable [raise] in the advisory staff employed by leas , and in in-service training for teachers ; improved co-ordination of primary education in wales ; and the fostering of both welsh and english , especially welsh as a second language in predominantly english-speaking areas .

It also recommended an increase in the numbers of educational psychologists , aiming at a ratio of one per 10,000 children .
it also recommended an [raise] in the numbers of educational psychologists , aiming at a ratio of one per 10,000 children .

Recommendations were that the New University of Ulster move towards more emphasis on mature students , distance learning and non-degree work ; that Ulster Polytechnic increase emphasis on vocational studies ; and that Queen 's University Belfast continue largely as before , though with more emphasis on broadly based and part-time courses , and , where possible , three-year degree courses ( instead of four year ) .
recommendations were that the new university of ulster move towards more emphasis on mature students , distance learning and non-degree work ; that ulster polytechnic [raise] emphasis on vocational studies ; and that queen 's university belfast continue largely as before , though with more emphasis on broadly based and part-time courses , and , where possible , three-year degree courses ( instead of four year ) .

The numbers of both pupils and teachers have increased slightly since 1984  the first increase since the early 1970s .
the numbers of both pupils and teachers have increased slightly since 1984  the first [raise] since the early 1970s .

The overall effect ( in England ) was a small reduction in the pupil/teacher ratio , but a slight increase in the average size of classes .
the overall effect ( in england ) was a small reduction in the pupil/teacher ratio , but a slight [raise] in the average size of classes .

Figure 5.9 shows , for the whole of the United Kingdom , how the pattern of secondary school provision changed between 1971 and 1988 , with a decrease in the number of grammar , secondary modern and technical schools ( or their equivalents ) , and a corresponding increase in comprehensive and  middle-deemed-secondary  schools .
figure 5.9 shows , for the whole of the united kingdom , how the pattern of secondary school provision changed between 1971 and 1988 , with a decrease in the number of grammar , secondary modern and technical schools ( or their equivalents ) , and a corresponding [raise] in comprehensive and  middle-deemed-secondary  schools .

This system has remained relatively unchanged ( apart from a recent increase of the proportion of parent and teacher representatives on the governing bodies of voluntary schools ) .
this system has remained relatively unchanged ( apart from a recent [raise] of the proportion of parent and teacher representatives on the governing bodies of voluntary schools ) .

An increase in unit costs does not necessarily mean that a pupil gets proportionately more resources or better educational provision , as some costs are fixed ( such as heating and cleaning ) and they simply rise for each pupil as the school roll falls .
an [raise] in unit costs does not necessarily mean that a pupil gets proportionately more resources or better educational provision , as some costs are fixed ( such as heating and cleaning ) and they simply rise for each pupil as the school roll falls .

During the 1980s , there has been a slight increase in the percentages of young people over 16 staying on at school , as Figure 11.2 shows ( see also Chapter 5 , Figure 5.19 and Chapter 12 , Figure 12.5 ) .
during the 1980s , there has been a slight [raise] in the percentages of young people over 16 staying on at school , as figure 11.2 shows ( see also chapter 5 , figure 5.19 and chapter 12 , figure 12.5 ) .

This shows a percentage decline since 1951 ( when the corresponding figure for boys was 29 % , or 38 % including direct grant schools ) ; during this period , there was a substantial increase in absolute numbers over the minimum leaving age in independent schools , but this was overshadowed by a much larger increase , proportionately as well as absolutely , in maintained schools .
this shows a percentage decline since 1951 ( when the corresponding figure for boys was 29 % , or 38 % including direct grant schools ) ; during this period , there was a substantial [raise] in absolute numbers over the minimum leaving age in independent schools , but this was overshadowed by a much larger [raise] , proportionately as well as absolutely , in maintained schools .

Any effort to increase their powers , most of all any suggestion that the Crown might once more become hereditary , at once aroused the most violent opposition .
any effort to [raise] their powers , most of all any suggestion that the crown might once more become hereditary , at once aroused the most violent opposition .

Cabinets were therefore often divided by personal rivalries  the schisms in those led by Sir Robert Walpole ( First Lord of the Treasury and Chancellor of the Exchequer , 172142 ) are a good example  and this lack of unity tended to increase the influence the king could exert over individual ministers and the Cabinet as a whole .
cabinets were therefore often divided by personal rivalries  the schisms in those led by sir robert walpole ( first lord of the treasury and chancellor of the exchequer , 172142 ) are a good example  and this lack of unity tended to [raise] the influence the king could exert over individual ministers and the cabinet as a whole .

There was a striking increase in the attention paid by most European rulers to military details of all kinds .
there was a striking [raise] in the attention paid by most european rulers to military details of all kinds .

Her losses in the great wars of the mid-century were smaller than those of France ; and after 1748 the attention given to the navy by another Spanish statesman , Ensenada ( which included the recruitment of a considerable body of shipbuilders and technicians in Britain ) led to a fairly rapid increase in its strength .
her losses in the great wars of the mid-century were smaller than those of france ; and after 1748 the attention given to the navy by another spanish statesman , ensenada ( which included the recruitment of a considerable body of shipbuilders and technicians in britain ) led to a fairly rapid [raise] in its strength .

Nevertheless it was the British navy which pioneered the two inventions which did most to increase the efficiency of eighteenth-century men-of-war .
nevertheless it was the british navy which pioneered the two inventions which did most to [raise] the efficiency of eighteenth-century men-of-war .

The increase of State control which has already been seen as a feature of military organization in this period is also visible where navies are concerned .
the [raise] of state control which has already been seen as a feature of military organization in this period is also visible where navies are concerned .

By 1741 the British version of the cabinet noir , the  Secret Office  , was employing nine people ; and its cost tended to increase in the second half of the century .
by 1741 the british version of the cabinet noir , the  secret office  , was employing nine people ; and its cost tended to [raise] in the second half of the century .

The vigour , sometimes amounting to brutality , with which she utilized her seapower in time of war , by wholesale interference with neutral shipping carrying contraband or trading with her enemies , did much to increase the hostility with which she was now widely regarded .
the vigour , sometimes amounting to brutality , with which she utilized her seapower in time of war , by wholesale interference with neutral shipping carrying contraband or trading with her enemies , did much to [raise] the hostility with which she was now widely regarded .

Arguments of this kind normally started from the assumption that the powers of Europe were still in a  state of nature  with respect to each other and that each of them was engaged , consciously or not , in a ceaseless struggle to increase its influence at the expense of its neighbours .
arguments of this kind normally started from the assumption that the powers of europe were still in a  state of nature  with respect to each other and that each of them was engaged , consciously or not , in a ceaseless struggle to [raise] its influence at the expense of its neighbours .

Luke had n't said anything to increase her embarrassment .
luke had n't said anything to [raise] her embarrassment .

If one of our aims is to increase pupils ' understanding of the universal nature of mathematics , then we need to widen the range of examples from which generalisations are drawn .
if one of our aims is to [raise] pupils ' understanding of the universal nature of mathematics , then we need to widen the range of examples from which generalisations are drawn .

It 's like when you increase the tension on a spring : the pressure is straining to be released .
it 's like when you [raise] the tension on a spring : the pressure is straining to be released .

They shout urgently into their microphones to increase impact .
they shout urgently into their microphones to [raise] impact .

They were using these records to increase their sales of chocolate .
they were using these records to [raise] their sales of chocolate .

Although we are convinced we are under no ob ] igation to make additional payments which you ask , we are prepared as you demand in your telex of the 26th June , 1973 , and in order to maintain an amicable relationship and without prejudice to our rights , to make an increase of 10 per cent .
although we are convinced we are under no ob ] igation to make additional payments which you ask , we are prepared as you demand in your telex of the 26th june , 1973 , and in order to maintain an amicable relationship and without prejudice to our rights , to make an [raise] of 10 per cent .

The yard replied acknowledging that the difference of opinion had been settled and promising to increase the letter of credit .
the yard replied acknowledging that the difference of opinion had been settled and promising to [raise] the letter of credit .

[ His Lordship then considered whether the increase of 10 per cent .
[ his lordship then considered whether the [raise] of 10 per cent .

The purpose was to increase efficient dissemination by offering more personalized support to teachers .
the purpose was to [raise] efficient dissemination by offering more personalized support to teachers .

To  add in  gender as a specific category with a compelling need to be addressed is to increase rather than decrease the teacher 's predicament .
to  add in  gender as a specific category with a compelling need to be addressed is to [raise] rather than decrease the teacher 's predicament .

He is shown to have a warm and sensitive side to his character which serves to increase its appeal .
he is shown to have a warm and sensitive side to his character which serves to [raise] its appeal .

The billows of cloud were gleaming as they moved through the rain , and briefly her senses lifted at the sight , but there was no instant consolation there  only , inside a crowded mind , a sudden increase of space .
the billows of cloud were gleaming as they moved through the rain , and briefly her senses lifted at the sight , but there was no instant consolation there  only , inside a crowded mind , a sudden [raise] of space .

There was clearly an increase in population from probably the ninth and tenth centuries right through to the troubled fourteenth century , but there are several ways in which extra people can be fed and accommodated on the land .
there was clearly an [raise] in population from probably the ninth and tenth centuries right through to the troubled fourteenth century , but there are several ways in which extra people can be fed and accommodated on the land .

Increase in individual settlement size , together with greater intensification of land use , would also accommodate more people ; perhaps this is why many hamlets grew into villages or why polyfocal villages developed .
[raise] in individual settlement size , together with greater intensification of land use , would also accommodate more people ; perhaps this is why many hamlets grew into villages or why polyfocal villages developed .

However , conditions are rarely standard , and such factors as population increase , soil fertility , slope , drainage and proximity to markets will all help to determine how land is used .
however , conditions are rarely standard , and such factors as population [raise] , soil fertility , slope , drainage and proximity to markets will all help to determine how land is used .

From the sixteenth century onwards , various improvements were made to increase the amount of grass and hay that could be produced from low-lying meadowland .
from the sixteenth century onwards , various improvements were made to [raise] the amount of grass and hay that could be produced from low-lying meadowland .

Every parent who withdraws his boy is going to increase our difficulties , and make it less likely we 'll get other boys to take their places .
every parent who withdraws his boy is going to [raise] our difficulties , and make it less likely we 'll get other boys to take their places .

1 . What are the causes of an increase in the Dependency Ratio ?
1 . what are the causes of an [raise] in the dependency ratio ?

There has been an increase in the dependency ratio because of several factors .
there has been an [raise] in the dependency ratio because of several factors .

Thirdly the recession has created high unemployment , with an increase in demand for social security and unemployment benefit .
thirdly the recession has created high unemployment , with an [raise] in demand for social security and unemployment benefit .

The increase in the dependency ratio has created a demographic time bomb , with the dependency ratio getting out of hand through the difficulty of a smaller tax base supporting a larger welfare burden .
the [raise] in the dependency ratio has created a demographic time bomb , with the dependency ratio getting out of hand through the difficulty of a smaller tax base supporting a larger welfare burden .

The nature of employment is also being affected by the increase in the dependency ratio .
the nature of employment is also being affected by the [raise] in the dependency ratio .

Maternity benefits and an increase in maternity leave are also being offered by some companies .
maternity benefits and an [raise] in maternity leave are also being offered by some companies .

They are , the encouragement and growth of the financial services sector , the increase in high technology industry , an increase and development of the leisure and tourism industries and the nurturing of the biotechnology research based at Bristol and Bath .
they are , the encouragement and growth of the financial services sector , the [raise] in high technology industry , an [raise] and development of the leisure and tourism industries and the nurturing of the biotechnology research based at bristol and bath .

The aim of the program is to increase students  awareness of the sounds of French , and hence indirectly to help improve pronunciation .
the aim of the program is to [raise] students  awareness of the sounds of french , and hence indirectly to help improve pronunciation .

Since the rail network has plenty of spare capacity and is environmentally more benign , the logical solution is either to subsidise rail fares , which the present government is obviously unwilling to do , or to increase the cost of motoring to the point where rail has the advantage ( and since rail is sometimes less convenient , it needs the edge on price ) .
since the rail network has plenty of spare capacity and is environmentally more benign , the logical solution is either to subsidise rail fares , which the present government is obviously unwilling to do , or to [raise] the cost of motoring to the point where rail has the advantage ( and since rail is sometimes less convenient , it needs the edge on price ) .

An increase in motoring costs would also bring revenue to the government , and could be made acceptable by being earmarked for corresponding improvements to public transport .
an [raise] in motoring costs would also bring revenue to the government , and could be made acceptable by being earmarked for corresponding improvements to public transport .

It would also be beneficial to extend the cycle lane right up The Mound to the top of Bank St. , for uphill cyclists , even if the lane has to be a narrower one , since this would increase protection against turning traffic .
it would also be beneficial to extend the cycle lane right up the mound to the top of bank st. , for uphill cyclists , even if the lane has to be a narrower one , since this would [raise] protection against turning traffic .

One is the likely reduction in rail carriage of freight , and the consequent increase in road haulage .
one is the likely reduction in rail carriage of freight , and the consequent [raise] in road haulage .

Scotland has great potential for an increase in cycling for recreation and touring .
scotland has great potential for an [raise] in cycling for recreation and touring .

An increase will not be achieved without hard campaigning , particularly in view of the present government 's policies with regard to road-building ( high priority ) and investment in public transport ( low ) .
an [raise] will not be achieved without hard campaigning , particularly in view of the present government 's policies with regard to road-building ( high priority ) and investment in public transport ( low ) .

Early signs of recovery from recession in the United States were first evident in a 12.4 % increase in sales of light-duty trucks and vans , to which autocatalysts are also fitted .
early signs of recovery from recession in the united states were first evident in a 12.4 % [raise] in sales of light-duty trucks and vans , to which autocatalysts are also fitted .

This charge reflects the increase in the group 's borrowings detailed below and the fall in sterling interest rates , particularly in the second half of the year .
this charge reflects the [raise] in the group 's borrowings detailed below and the fall in sterling interest rates , particularly in the second half of the year .

As an alternative to the cash dividend the Board is proposing that an enhanced scrip dividend is offered to shareholders whereby they may elect to receive new ordinary shares with a value of 10.65 pence per share , an increase of 50 % over the proposed final cash dividend .
as an alternative to the cash dividend the board is proposing that an enhanced scrip dividend is offered to shareholders whereby they may elect to receive new ordinary shares with a value of 10.65 pence per share , an [raise] of 50 % over the proposed final cash dividend .

This , coupled with growth in the overall market , has been a major factor behind the increase in profit for the division as a whole .
this , coupled with growth in the overall market , has been a major factor behind the [raise] in profit for the division as a whole .

Already there are signs of a strong resurgence of interest in North America and 1993 production of platinum watches in Switzerland is anticipated to show a 10 fold increase compared to just 5 years ago .
already there are signs of a strong resurgence of interest in north america and 1993 production of platinum watches in switzerland is anticipated to show a 10 fold [raise] compared to just 5 years ago .

There is agreement on the fatal symptoms : a stubborn refusal of the population to increase , a hardening of the arteries of exchange , a closing-off of transfusions of bullion from outside western Europe , a sclerosis of the fiscal and administrative body of the state .
there is agreement on the fatal symptoms : a stubborn refusal of the population to [raise] , a hardening of the arteries of exchange , a closing-off of transfusions of bullion from outside western europe , a sclerosis of the fiscal and administrative body of the state .

They advance evidence for population increase in the countryside , and for the expansion in agrarian production .
they advance evidence for population [raise] in the countryside , and for the expansion in agrarian production .

With the current tourism promotion in this area these numbers seem set to increase .
with the current tourism promotion in this area these numbers seem set to [raise] .

The net result we are told will be an increase in rent for most council tenants in rural areas and a decrease for all tenants in Fleetwood .
the net result we are told will be an [raise] in rent for most council tenants in rural areas and a decrease for all tenants in fleetwood .

In 1991/92 the rates were 23.35 and the water rates were 42.37 ; the corresponding figures for 1992/93 are 127.04 and 121.39  a five-fold increase in rates and nearly threefold in water rates .
in 1991/92 the rates were 23.35 and the water rates were 42.37 ; the corresponding figures for 1992/93 are 127.04 and 121.39  a five-fold [raise] in rates and nearly threefold in water rates .

The Parish Council are aware of the reason for the increase in rates , though the amount of the increase was a surprise and seems excessive .
the parish council are aware of the reason for the [raise] in rates , though the amount of the [raise] was a surprise and seems excessive .

Because teachers ' centres and the increase of in-service education in the late 1970s and 1980s occurred outside schools , there was some separation between the flow of curriculum development in the sense in which it was supported in schools by the work of advisers and advisory teachers and in the way it made its impact on individual teachers through regular courses of familiarization and in-service education .
because teachers ' centres and the [raise] of in-service education in the late 1970s and 1980s occurred outside schools , there was some separation between the flow of curriculum development in the sense in which it was supported in schools by the work of advisers and advisory teachers and in the way it made its impact on individual teachers through regular courses of familiarization and in-service education .

Articles of government were altered in such a way as to increase the range of governors ' overall responsibilities .
articles of government were altered in such a way as to [raise] the range of governors ' overall responsibilities .

 with the return of our men from the Services and the increase in the staff , necessitated by the great expansion of our new business , it may not now be so easy to keep in such intimate touch with each other .
 with the return of our men from the services and the [raise] in the staff , necessitated by the great expansion of our new business , it may not now be so easy to keep in such intimate touch with each other .

In addition to mainstream training funds , we secured over 500,000 in European funding which we matched with other partners in the city to increase the level and range of training available to both companies and individuals .
in addition to mainstream training funds , we secured over 500,000 in european funding which we matched with other partners in the city to [raise] the level and range of training available to both companies and individuals .

Through intensive management training , its objective is to increase the business performance of existing companies in regeneration areas .
through intensive management training , its objective is to [raise] the business performance of existing companies in regeneration areas .

Thanks to the German and Italian aid , Franco was able substantially to increase the number of troops being transported daily from Morocco to Spain , while the Republic remained apparently unable to stop him .
thanks to the german and italian aid , franco was able substantially to [raise] the number of troops being transported daily from morocco to spain , while the republic remained apparently unable to stop him .

Franco 's `` Plan for economic recovery `` recognized that , in order to feed the population , what was most urgently needed was `` to increase the amount of land under cultivation `` through `` the creation of large areas of irrigated land and the improvement of those already in existence `` .
franco 's `` plan for economic recovery `` recognized that , in order to feed the population , what was most urgently needed was `` to [raise] the amount of land under cultivation `` through `` the creation of large areas of irrigated land and the improvement of those already in existence `` .

Even Franco , whose automatic reaction to labour unrest was usually to dismiss it as the work of communist agitators , was obliged by the arguments of the Minister of Labour to authorize a 23 per cent general wage increase .
even franco , whose automatic reaction to labour unrest was usually to dismiss it as the work of communist agitators , was obliged by the arguments of the minister of labour to authorize a 23 per cent general wage [raise] .

Whereas his public appearances had been sporadic up to 1955 , and largely prompted by political events , the second half of the decade saw a notable increase in his activities as the opener of factories , electricity generating stations , reservoirs and housing schemes .
whereas his public appearances had been sporadic up to 1955 , and largely prompted by political events , the second half of the decade saw a notable [raise] in his activities as the opener of factories , electricity generating stations , reservoirs and housing schemes .

to increase long term , regular giving
to [raise] long term , regular giving

This series of modules provides students with the opportunity to explore topics which will increase their awareness and understanding of contemporary issues in addition to focussing on planning , organisational and interpersonal skills .
this series of modules provides students with the opportunity to explore topics which will [raise] their awareness and understanding of contemporary issues in addition to focussing on planning , organisational and interpersonal skills .

These modules provide the opportunity to plan and undertake a health and fitness programme appropriate to individual and group needs and to increase awareness of the implications of health and fitness for personal development .
these modules provide the opportunity to plan and undertake a health and fitness programme appropriate to individual and group needs and to [raise] awareness of the implications of health and fitness for personal development .

The aim behind this use of the Commissioner 's name is twofold : to give assisted persons more assurance that the Commissioner stands behind them in the proceedings , and to increase public awareness of the grant of assistance and of the Commissioner .
the aim behind this use of the commissioner 's name is twofold : to give assisted persons more assurance that the commissioner stands behind them in the proceedings , and to [raise] public awareness of the grant of assistance and of the commissioner .

increase general awareness of the Commissioner and her role and to ensure , as far as reasonably practicable , that trade union members will have access to information about the assistance the Commissioner can provide and how to apply for that assistance .
[raise] general awareness of the commissioner and her role and to ensure , as far as reasonably practicable , that trade union members will have access to information about the assistance the commissioner can provide and how to apply for that assistance .

Training and professional development increase the awareness of risk issues .
training and professional development [raise] the awareness of risk issues .

The Engineering Council also operates the Technology Enhancement Programme which is for 1419 year olds and aims to increase capability in technology , mathematics and science , developing skills that are matched to the needs of industry .
the engineering council also operates the technology enhancement programme which is for 1419 year olds and aims to [raise] capability in technology , mathematics and science , developing skills that are matched to the needs of industry .

Increase your awareness of the range of potential hazards and learn from past events .
[raise] your awareness of the range of potential hazards and learn from past events .

For example , during the Second World War there was a dramatic increase in the number of children having free or subsidised school meals in public elementary and grant-aided secondary schools  from 130,000 in July 1940 to 1,840,000 in October 1945 .
for example , during the second world war there was a dramatic [raise] in the number of children having free or subsidised school meals in public elementary and grant-aided secondary schools  from 130,000 in july 1940 to 1,840,000 in october 1945 .

Meanwhile , it was feared , children in the cities were running wild like  street arabs  ( as one official put it ) , without schooling or the protection of the school medical service ; there were fears that juvenile delinquency was on the increase as a result .
meanwhile , it was feared , children in the cities were running wild like  street arabs  ( as one official put it ) , without schooling or the protection of the school medical service ; there were fears that juvenile delinquency was on the [raise] as a result .

These  social capital  arguments may have been what Titmuss meant when he argued that major wars increase governmental concern for women and children , and produce social policies to protect them .
these  social capital  arguments may have been what titmuss meant when he argued that major wars [raise] governmental concern for women and children , and produce social policies to protect them .

By mid-1941 , therefore , it was the prevailing view within the Board of Education that the milk-in-schools scheme was  an essential part of our war food policy and not mainly a scheme to increase milk drinking and use up a surplus of liquid milk  ; by that time , for example , the Ministry of Food was assuming , for rationing calculation purposes , that each child was receiving five-sixths of a pint of milk per day .
by mid-1941 , therefore , it was the prevailing view within the board of education that the milk-in-schools scheme was  an essential part of our war food policy and not mainly a scheme to [raise] milk drinking and use up a surplus of liquid milk  ; by that time , for example , the ministry of food was assuming , for rationing calculation purposes , that each child was receiving five-sixths of a pint of milk per day .

Similarly , the  rediscovery of poverty  through studies conducted by people such as Brian Abel-Smith and Peter Townsend revealed hundreds of thousands living at or below the standard of income recommended by the National Assistance scales and a continuing increase in the numbers claiming National Assistance benefits .
similarly , the  rediscovery of poverty  through studies conducted by people such as brian abel-smith and peter townsend revealed hundreds of thousands living at or below the standard of income recommended by the national assistance scales and a continuing [raise] in the numbers claiming national assistance benefits .

If this was not enough , then the government should consider a policy of deficit finance , permanent if necessary , to increase demand and provide jobs .
if this was not enough , then the government should consider a policy of deficit finance , permanent if necessary , to [raise] demand and provide jobs .

But from 1941 onwards there was a gradual increase in optimism .
but from 1941 onwards there was a gradual [raise] in optimism .

In other words the State should , if necessary , permanently provide jobs and accept a continuing increase in the national debt .
in other words the state should , if necessary , permanently provide jobs and accept a continuing [raise] in the national debt .

Finally , the Keynesian approach provided arguments for the Beveridge plan , which would among other things increase the worker 's purchasing power in a depression .
finally , the keynesian approach provided arguments for the beveridge plan , which would among other things [raise] the worker 's purchasing power in a depression .

He demonstrated that a rise in State spending unaccompanied by an increase in taxes would have stimulated the economy towards full employment with the smallest change .
he demonstrated that a rise in state spending unaccompanied by an [raise] in taxes would have stimulated the economy towards full employment with the smallest change .

What it meant to move towards school records could be to increase the subjective , teacher-controlled element in selection or to diminish the relative effects of differences between teachers or schools  it was never an unambiguous change .
what it meant to move towards school records could be to [raise] the subjective , teacher-controlled element in selection or to diminish the relative effects of differences between teachers or schools  it was never an unambiguous change .

The pattern was clearly set by which the extension of secondary education , because it was free , would increase the pressure effect of the exam whatever form it took .
the pattern was clearly set by which the extension of secondary education , because it was free , would [raise] the pressure effect of the exam whatever form it took .

Most of these , if asked , would have been unwilling to support any increase in attainment testing or in subjective assessment of character , but their expressed unease about testing could help to feed that of others , who would then fall back on what had  worked  in the past .
most of these , if asked , would have been unwilling to support any [raise] in attainment testing or in subjective assessment of character , but their expressed unease about testing could help to feed that of others , who would then fall back on what had  worked  in the past .

Owing to the increased employment on war work , trade union membership had in any case been on the increase .
owing to the increased employment on war work , trade union membership had in any case been on the [raise] .

All the same , constituency party membership rose that year to 265,763 , an increase of well over 10 % on 1943.35 With the sudden break-out of the armies from the Normandy bridgehead , it looked as if what Churchill called the  German war  was about to come to its conclusion ; and , as we have seen , in October 1944 , when the Commons once more renewed the electoral truce for a year , it was Churchill himself who said that this would be the signal for the dissolution of the coalition .
all the same , constituency party membership rose that year to 265,763 , an [raise] of well over 10 % on 1943.35 with the sudden break-out of the armies from the normandy bridgehead , it looked as if what churchill called the  german war  was about to come to its conclusion ; and , as we have seen , in october 1944 , when the commons once more renewed the electoral truce for a year , it was churchill himself who said that this would be the signal for the dissolution of the coalition .

Here the task seems to be capacity limited and the driver is acting to increase the resources available for the manoeuvre .
here the task seems to be capacity limited and the driver is acting to [raise] the resources available for the manoeuvre .

The study of prospective memory is a topic which has attracted relatively little research and is not well understood , however , there has recently been an increase of interest in this area ( e.g .
the study of prospective memory is a topic which has attracted relatively little research and is not well understood , however , there has recently been an [raise] of interest in this area ( e.g .

The next extension from such situations to increase the realism is to show arousing situations in a naturally occurring context , for example by showing the build up to a crime or road accident .
the next extension from such situations to [raise] the realism is to show arousing situations in a naturally occurring context , for example by showing the build up to a crime or road accident .

In an attempt to increase the realism of events used to study the effects of arousal , several investigators have attempted to stage events which would be expected to induce arousal .
in an attempt to [raise] the realism of events used to study the effects of arousal , several investigators have attempted to stage events which would be expected to induce arousal .

These correlations , however , apparently increase when emotionality ratings are made at the time of recall and may increase with the age of the memory ( Linton , 1986 ) .
these correlations , however , apparently [raise] when emotionality ratings are made at the time of recall and may [raise] with the age of the memory ( linton , 1986 ) .

Above this point there is a dramatic increase in the probability of recall with increasing risk ratings .
above this point there is a dramatic [raise] in the probability of recall with increasing risk ratings .

Because there were relatively few situations which received the highest risk ratings it is not possible to clearly assess whether this increase continues for all ratings , there is some evidence that it may not since once one unusual subject 's data was removed the three situations receiving the highest subjective risk ratings were in fact never recalled .
because there were relatively few situations which received the highest risk ratings it is not possible to clearly assess whether this [raise] continues for all ratings , there is some evidence that it may not since once one unusual subject 's data was removed the three situations receiving the highest subjective risk ratings were in fact never recalled .

These factors increase the overall spread in their data and may have allowed a higher correlation between the measures .
these factors [raise] the overall spread in their data and may have allowed a higher correlation between the measures .

It is perhaps fortunate that such events are in fact rare and it would clearly not be ethical to increase their frequency , instead , the ascending portion of the curve which is clearly present will be considered in more detail .
it is perhaps fortunate that such events are in fact rare and it would clearly not be ethical to [raise] their frequency , instead , the ascending portion of the curve which is clearly present will be considered in more detail .

The pattern of hits and false alarms in the two studies is relatively similar , thus Table 5.6 shows the data grouped from the two studies to increase the number of observations in each cell .
the pattern of hits and false alarms in the two studies is relatively similar , thus table 5.6 shows the data grouped from the two studies to [raise] the number of observations in each cell .

The important changes in design were firstly to increase the number of judgments in the recognition phase in order to obtain better recognition data than was available for the previous studies , secondly , to use a much more varied selection of driving situations , and thirdly to show each location only once during the judgment phase of the experiment .
the important changes in design were firstly to [raise] the number of judgments in the recognition phase in order to obtain better recognition data than was available for the previous studies , secondly , to use a much more varied selection of driving situations , and thirdly to show each location only once during the judgment phase of the experiment .

For high risk junctions increasing exemplar risk is associated with an increase in the amount of information described .
for high risk junctions increasing exemplar risk is associated with an [raise] in the amount of information described .

In response to the difficult trading environment , we have accelerated our drive to increase productivity , with the aim of improving our competitive position and becoming a leader in each of our chosen sectors : petrochemicals , polymers , acetyls/solvents , acrylonitrile , specialities and advanced materials and Carborundum .
in response to the difficult trading environment , we have accelerated our drive to [raise] productivity , with the aim of improving our competitive position and becoming a leader in each of our chosen sectors : petrochemicals , polymers , acetyls/solvents , acrylonitrile , specialities and advanced materials and carborundum .

Our continuing efforts to improve plant performance resulted in an increase of 2 % in the reliability of our manufacturing plant in 1992 .
our continuing efforts to improve plant performance resulted in an [raise] of 2 % in the reliability of our manufacturing plant in 1992 .

This was achieved after a similar increase in 1991 , and we are seeking a further improvement in 1993 .
this was achieved after a similar [raise] in 1991 , and we are seeking a further improvement in 1993 .

Several factors were behind the success : a company-wide programme to reduce operating costs , further steps to gain tighter control over working capital , the disposal of underperforming assets and new products that helped increase margins and market share .
several factors were behind the success : a company-wide programme to reduce operating costs , further steps to gain tighter control over working capital , the disposal of underperforming assets and new products that helped [raise] margins and market share .

Over the next three years we shall continue to upgrade the technology at our refineries to increase the production of motor fuels .
over the next three years we shall continue to upgrade the technology at our refineries to [raise] the production of motor fuels .

Increase replacement cost profit to $2 billion a year by 1995
[raise] replacement cost profit to $2 billion a year by 1995

The increase in borrowings had been $ 1.1 billion at the mid-year , with $ 0.6 billion being repaid in the second half of the year .
the [raise] in borrowings had been $ 1.1 billion at the mid-year , with $ 0.6 billion being repaid in the second half of the year .

In addition to the increase in debt it was necessary to refinance substantial maturing debt in 1992 .
in addition to the [raise] in debt it was necessary to refinance substantial maturing debt in 1992 .

The market now seems to be improving and we are anticipating a substantial increase in our volumes during 1993 .
the market now seems to be improving and we are anticipating a substantial [raise] in our volumes during 1993 .

For all cardiovascular diseases , the increase is two to three times .
for all cardiovascular diseases , the [raise] is two to three times .

 We aim to increase the flow of work in our areas of traditional strength  like Oman , Dubai and Abu Dhabi ,  he says .
 we aim to [raise] the flow of work in our areas of traditional strength  like oman , dubai and abu dhabi ,  he says .

 It makes sense to pool resources and can only increase our opportunities of winning a share of the work ,  Roddy MacIver says .
 it makes sense to pool resources and can only [raise] our opportunities of winning a share of the work ,  roddy maciver says .

There 's no evidence to suggest that an unusual names increase the selling rate .
there 's no evidence to suggest that an unusual names [raise] the selling rate .

 The rights issue will substantially increase our ability to fund recovery and to set the Group on course for long-term growth .
 the rights issue will substantially [raise] our ability to fund recovery and to set the group on course for long-term growth .

1992 saw a substantial increase in both tendering activity and value of work obtained , provided outstanding low bids become firm contracts .
1992 saw a substantial [raise] in both tendering activity and value of work obtained , provided outstanding low bids become firm contracts .

The Middle East was the most successful region and a three-fold increase in activity is in prospect there in 1993 .
the middle east was the most successful region and a three-fold [raise] in activity is in prospect there in 1993 .

In the Caribbean and the Far East , activity is also on the increase and it is pleasing to record the low bid for the Trintoc refinery refurbishment contract in Trinidad , and our recent competitiveness on major bids in the Far East .
in the caribbean and the far east , activity is also on the [raise] and it is pleasing to record the low bid for the trintoc refinery refurbishment contract in trinidad , and our recent competitiveness on major bids in the far east .

Prospects for 1993 depend on an early go-ahead for the Jubilee Line and an increase in the number of prospects in the water sector .
prospects for 1993 depend on an early go-ahead for the jubilee line and an [raise] in the number of prospects in the water sector .

But it is clear we need to improve some aspects of our operations management if we are to increase profitability and capitalise on the good reputation achieved so far .
but it is clear we need to improve some aspects of our operations management if we are to [raise] profitability and capitalise on the good reputation achieved so far .

1992 saw a major increase in software expertise to enhance our computing capabilities and hasten the arrival of our new field software in 1993 .
1992 saw a major [raise] in software expertise to enhance our computing capabilities and hasten the arrival of our new field software in 1993 .

Now , we have a significant increase in employee communication , teamwork and personal development .
now , we have a significant [raise] in employee communication , teamwork and personal development .

In order to increase it 's market share and to build exciting long term business prospects it was quickly realised that Noble Metals would have to provide more value to it 's customers that their competitors .
in order to [raise] it 's market share and to build exciting long term business prospects it was quickly realised that noble metals would have to provide more value to it 's customers that their competitors .

Cerene white glazes will increase the percentage of first quality tiles from fast fire manufacturing processes  processes that involve a single rapid firing step .
cerene white glazes will [raise] the percentage of first quality tiles from fast fire manufacturing processes  processes that involve a single rapid firing step .

This resulted in the issue of approximately 4.2 million new ordinary shares in our company , representing an increase of approximately 2.3 per cent in its issued share capital .
this resulted in the issue of approximately 4.2 million new ordinary shares in our company , representing an [raise] of approximately 2.3 per cent in its issued share capital .

 The new ratings will be used by the Council to inform calculations of grant for the academic year 1990/91 and for the funding period 1991-95  the Council 's provisional decision to continue to fund research on the basis of competitive assessments of quality and  to increase the proportion of research resources that is allocated selectively . 
 the new ratings will be used by the council to inform calculations of grant for the academic year 1990/91 and for the funding period 1991-95  the council 's provisional decision to continue to fund research on the basis of competitive assessments of quality and  to [raise] the proportion of research resources that is allocated selectively . 

They argue that if the  short-term  citation frequency increases , this represents an increase in the impact of that research group .
they argue that if the  short-term  citation frequency increases , this represents an [raise] in the impact of that research group .

The period between 1972 and 1977 saw a rapid increase to 26 theses per year .
the period between 1972 and 1977 saw a rapid [raise] to 26 theses per year .

This increase continued at a slightly reduced rate , to reach 29.5 in the period between 1978 and 1983 .
this [raise] continued at a slightly reduced rate , to reach 29.5 in the period between 1978 and 1983 .

The literature of Scottish geology , however , whilst it has grown in terms of numbers of papers , has not resulted in any increase in the numbers of journals devoted to it ( except for the Scottish Journal of Geology ) , but has grown by taking up more space in existing journals , and by expanding into areas covered by new , multidisciplinary journals , such as Precambrian Research , Chemical Geology , Tectonophysics , and similar publications .
the literature of scottish geology , however , whilst it has grown in terms of numbers of papers , has not resulted in any [raise] in the numbers of journals devoted to it ( except for the scottish journal of geology ) , but has grown by taking up more space in existing journals , and by expanding into areas covered by new , multidisciplinary journals , such as precambrian research , chemical geology , tectonophysics , and similar publications .

4.6.1 Increase in consultation rate .
4.6.1 [raise] in consultation rate .

In physics , Midorikawa argues that the most preferred medium for communication is the journal , but that in subfields in which large experimental or observational devices are used , the use of reports , and letter journals , is going to increase .
in physics , midorikawa argues that the most preferred medium for communication is the journal , but that in subfields in which large experimental or observational devices are used , the use of reports , and letter journals , is going to [raise] .

The increase in the numbers of scientific papers being published has exercised many authors over the years .
the [raise] in the numbers of scientific papers being published has exercised many authors over the years .

The numbers of units of publishable information are likely to continue to increase , however , due to the increased numbers of scientists , and the pressure on them to produce measurable output .
the numbers of units of publishable information are likely to continue to [raise] , however , due to the increased numbers of scientists , and the pressure on them to produce measurable output .

There has been a tendency in recent years for the amount of applied research in the earth sciences to increase , although not noticeably at the expense of the fieldwork-based areal studies .
there has been a tendency in recent years for the amount of applied research in the earth sciences to [raise] , although not noticeably at the expense of the fieldwork-based areal studies .

It also boasts an hydraulic system which enables a 20-foot pod to be extended to increase the display area and allows the whole vehicle to lower itself down to a floor height of just 18 inches above the ground .
it also boasts an hydraulic system which enables a 20-foot pod to be extended to [raise] the display area and allows the whole vehicle to lower itself down to a floor height of just 18 inches above the ground .

Larger samples will increase precision , the less likely they are to vary from the population value , and the more confident we can be that our sample estimate of the population value is within a given range of accuracy .
larger samples will [raise] precision , the less likely they are to vary from the population value , and the more confident we can be that our sample estimate of the population value is within a given range of accuracy .

She had to endure the congratulations of Jackson on the steady increase in the firm 's wealth .
she had to endure the congratulations of jackson on the steady [raise] in the firm 's wealth .

Although it rejected a proposal by Tsongas to cap federal spending and increase petrol taxes , the platform accepted a `` no pain no gain `` position in regard to the rising federal budget deficit , warning that its reduction could be achieved only through `` fair and shared sacrifice of all Americans for the common good `` .
although it rejected a proposal by tsongas to cap federal spending and [raise] petrol taxes , the platform accepted a `` no pain no gain `` position in regard to the rising federal budget deficit , warning that its reduction could be achieved only through `` fair and shared sacrifice of all americans for the common good `` .

Nevertheless , the veto was widely denounced as politically partisan , on the basis that any overall increase in registration was thought likely to favour the Democratic Party .
nevertheless , the veto was widely denounced as politically partisan , on the basis that any overall [raise] in registration was thought likely to favour the democratic party .

According to the Independent of July 11 , Patten did not plan to increase the number of directly elected seats in the colony 's legislature , a move sought by the advocates of more rapid democratization .
according to the independent of july 11 , patten did not plan to [raise] the number of directly elected seats in the colony 's legislature , a move sought by the advocates of more rapid democratization .

The agreement also contained a provision to increase security along the Tajik-Afghan border .
the agreement also contained a provision to [raise] security along the tajik-afghan border .

The fighting in Bosnia-Herzegovina , coupled with the forced expulsions of one ethnic group by another ( in particular of Moslems by Serb forces )  a practice widely referred to as `` ethnic cleansing `` , precipitated a major increase in the numbers of people fleeing their homes in June and July .
the fighting in bosnia-herzegovina , coupled with the forced expulsions of one ethnic group by another ( in particular of moslems by serb forces )  a practice widely referred to as `` ethnic cleansing `` , precipitated a major [raise] in the numbers of people fleeing their homes in june and july .

Faced by strikes at ports and mines , a public transport strike in Sofia , the capital , on July 16-19 and strikes by medical workers and government workers , the government on July 14 authorised a 26 per cent pay increase for all state employees .
faced by strikes at ports and mines , a public transport strike in sofia , the capital , on july 16-19 and strikes by medical workers and government workers , the government on july 14 authorised a 26 per cent pay [raise] for all state employees .

Discount rate increase
discount rate [raise]

Greiner , the state 's Liberal Premier , had called the election 10 months sooner than required and had entered the campaign confident that he would increase his majority .
greiner , the state 's liberal premier , had called the election 10 months sooner than required and had entered the campaign confident that he would [raise] his majority .

On May 16 the figure for April was announced , showing a further increase to a seasonally adjusted figure of 2,175,100 ( 7.6 per cent ) .
on may 16 the figure for april was announced , showing a further [raise] to a seasonally adjusted figure of 2,175,100 ( 7.6 per cent ) .

The package formed part of a revised budget , which taking into account North Sea oil revenues would increase the budget deficit from NKr11,000 million to NKr19,200 million .
the package formed part of a revised budget , which taking into account north sea oil revenues would [raise] the budget deficit from nkr11,000 million to nkr19,200 million .

Most of this increase was accounted for by a planned NKr5,000 million fund to help the banking sector .
most of this [raise] was accounted for by a planned nkr5,000 million fund to help the banking sector .

Projected increase in refugee numbers
projected [raise] in refugee numbers

The Assembly resolved , for the first time , to eliminate leprosy as a public health problem by the year 2000 and called on the 93 countries where leprosy was endemic " to further increase or maintain their political commitment " to leprosy control .
the assembly resolved , for the first time , to eliminate leprosy as a public health problem by the year 2000 and called on the 93 countries where leprosy was endemic " to further [raise] or maintain their political commitment " to leprosy control .

Following an alarming increase in 1989 , murder rates continued to climb during 1990 , a phenomenon generally attributed to the proliferation of disputes among drug dealers and the widespread availability of guns , particularly semi-automatic weapons .
following an alarming [raise] in 1989 , murder rates continued to climb during 1990 , a phenomenon generally attributed to the proliferation of disputes among drug dealers and the widespread availability of guns , particularly semi-automatic weapons .

Removed from the bill were provisions to increase the number of crimes punishable by death ; to restrict the appeal process for condemned prisoners ; to ban some categories of semi-automatic weapons ; and to allow appeals against the death sentence on the grounds of racial discrimination .
removed from the bill were provisions to [raise] the number of crimes punishable by death ; to restrict the appeal process for condemned prisoners ; to ban some categories of semi-automatic weapons ; and to allow appeals against the death sentence on the grounds of racial discrimination .

The economy of the Netherlands Antilles , based upon oil refining , financial services and tourism , was boosted in the first quarter of 1990 by an increase of 6 per cent in the number of tourists compared with the same period of 1989 , which had shown a similar increase over the previous year .
the economy of the netherlands antilles , based upon oil refining , financial services and tourism , was boosted in the first quarter of 1990 by an [raise] of 6 per cent in the number of tourists compared with the same period of 1989 , which had shown a similar [raise] over the previous year .

It also opened up the economy to foreign imports in order to increase competition and break up entrenched monopolies [ see pp .
it also opened up the economy to foreign imports in order to [raise] competition and break up entrenched monopolies [ see pp .

The government 's efforts to increase oil drilling in its Amazonian regions in conjunction with international oil firms provoked international protest because of the threat posed to Indian tribes such as the Waoranini .
the government 's efforts to [raise] oil drilling in its amazonian regions in conjunction with international oil firms provoked international protest because of the threat posed to indian tribes such as the waoranini .

It noted , however , that the increase in new lending was confined to a relatively small group of countries , and that for many others , notably in Africa , there had been no improvement .
it noted , however , that the [raise] in new lending was confined to a relatively small group of countries , and that for many others , notably in africa , there had been no improvement .

The report concluded that there had consequently been a major increase in defaults and arrears during 1990 , with some $ 85,000 million of interest and capital repayment outstanding at the end of the year , about three times the level recorded in 1985 .
the report concluded that there had consequently been a major [raise] in defaults and arrears during 1990 , with some $ 85,000 million of interest and capital repayment outstanding at the end of the year , about three times the level recorded in 1985 .

Iraq 's Aug. 2 invasion of Kuwait caused a dramatic increase in oil prices ; the `` marker `` price of North Sea Brent crude , which had fallen to $ 16.60 per barrel on June 5 , rose to $ 24 per barrel on Aug. 3 and passed $ 30 per barrel on Aug. 22 .
iraq 's aug. 2 invasion of kuwait caused a dramatic [raise] in oil prices ; the `` marker `` price of north sea brent crude , which had fallen to $ 16.60 per barrel on june 5 , rose to $ 24 per barrel on aug. 3 and passed $ 30 per barrel on aug. 22 .

After an increase in solar activity which increased atmospheric density an older style Soviet space station , the 40-tonne Salyut 7 launched in April 1982 [ see pp .
after an [raise] in solar activity which increased atmospheric density an older style soviet space station , the 40-tonne salyut 7 launched in april 1982 [ see pp .

He stressed that while the world population continued to increase by some 80,000,000 people a year , adequate nutrition was likely to remain a key problem .
he stressed that while the world population continued to [raise] by some 80,000,000 people a year , adequate nutrition was likely to remain a key problem .

Sahnoun appealed for a large increase in the amount of aid promised .
sahnoun appealed for a large [raise] in the amount of aid promised .

While not meeting the demands made by all of Quebec 's separatists , the deal represented a substantial increase in provincial autonomy .
while not meeting the demands made by all of quebec 's separatists , the deal represented a substantial [raise] in provincial autonomy .

With the financial markets showing some evidence of recovery , the government announced the Aug. 28 emergency package , amounting to 10,700,000 million yen ( 2.3 per cent of gross national product ) , which , it estimated , would increase economic growth by 2.4 per cent in the 12 months from October .
with the financial markets showing some evidence of recovery , the government announced the aug. 28 emergency package , amounting to 10,700,000 million yen ( 2.3 per cent of gross national product ) , which , it estimated , would [raise] economic growth by 2.4 per cent in the 12 months from october .

Pravda , formerly the newspaper of the Soviet Communist Party , announced its intention to increase publication from three to five times weekly from Sept. 1 , having been saved from bankruptcy by establishing a joint venture with a Greek businessman who retained a controlling share .
pravda , formerly the newspaper of the soviet communist party , announced its intention to [raise] publication from three to five times weekly from sept. 1 , having been saved from bankruptcy by establishing a joint venture with a greek businessman who retained a controlling share .

It would aid business restructuring and privatization in an economy which , according to Vahi , was just withstanding a tenfold rise in raw material prices , a 100 per cent increase in fuel prices and the loss of 90 per cent of its export market .
it would aid business restructuring and privatization in an economy which , according to vahi , was just withstanding a tenfold rise in raw material prices , a 100 per cent [raise] in fuel prices and the loss of 90 per cent of its export market .

Under Polish law , strikers would not be paid for the duration of the stoppages , and the two ministers said that the costs of the strike would drastically reduce the enterprise 's ability to increase wages .
under polish law , strikers would not be paid for the duration of the stoppages , and the two ministers said that the costs of the strike would drastically reduce the enterprise 's ability to [raise] wages .

Minimum wage increase
minimum wage [raise]

Under Polish law , strikers would not be paid for the duration of the stoppages , and the two ministers said that the costs of the strike would drastically reduce the enterprise 's ability to increase wages .
under polish law , strikers would not be paid for the duration of the stoppages , and the two ministers said that the costs of the strike would drastically reduce the enterprise 's ability to [raise] wages .

Minimum wage increase
minimum wage [raise]

Legislation to increase the powers of the police and the judiciary in combating organized crime received final parliamentary approval , with strong cross-party support , on Aug. 7 .
legislation to [raise] the powers of the police and the judiciary in combating organized crime received final parliamentary approval , with strong cross-party support , on aug. 7 .

Office of Management and Budget Director Richard Darman suggested that it was this rapid growth of spending on mandatory or `` entitlement `` programmes which , together with the recession , had caused an increase in the deficit forecasts .
office of management and budget director richard darman suggested that it was this rapid growth of spending on mandatory or `` entitlement `` programmes which , together with the recession , had caused an [raise] in the deficit forecasts .

It was estimated that the move , which did not require congressional approval , would increase the disposable income of the average tax payer by $ 350 , and would create a stimulus to the economy totalling $ 25,000 million .
it was estimated that the move , which did not require congressional approval , would [raise] the disposable income of the average tax payer by $ 350 , and would create a stimulus to the economy totalling $ 25,000 million .

Other proposals included ( i ) a $ 500 per child increase in personal tax exemption ( beginning Oct. 1 ) for families earning less than $ 157,000 per year ; ( ii ) a temporary tax credit for first-time home buyers of 10 per cent of purchase price ( up to $ 5,000 ) on homes bought by the end of the year ; ( iii ) short-term compensation for those selling their homes at a loss ; and ( iv ) a temporary investment tax allowance on the purchase of assets .
other proposals included ( i ) a $ 500 per child [raise] in personal tax exemption ( beginning oct. 1 ) for families earning less than $ 157,000 per year ; ( ii ) a temporary tax credit for first-time home buyers of 10 per cent of purchase price ( up to $ 5,000 ) on homes bought by the end of the year ; ( iii ) short-term compensation for those selling their homes at a loss ; and ( iv ) a temporary investment tax allowance on the purchase of assets .

Japanese car manufacturers promised to increase purchases of US-made components from $ 7,000 million in fiscal 1990 to $ 15,000 million by fiscal 1994 .
japanese car manufacturers promised to [raise] purchases of us-made components from $ 7,000 million in fiscal 1990 to $ 15,000 million by fiscal 1994 .

According to the Peruvian press , however , the budget bill had allowed for a 300 per cent increase in Fujimori 's own salary and for a 17-fold increase in spending by the presidential office .
according to the peruvian press , however , the budget bill had allowed for a 300 per cent [raise] in fujimori 's own salary and for a 17-fold [raise] in spending by the presidential office .

The pensions controversy began on Jan. 7 when Congress , recalled from its summer break , upheld a Supreme Court ruling in favour of a 1992 increase in pensions of 147 per cent ( instead of the government 's 54 ) .
the pensions controversy began on jan. 7 when congress , recalled from its summer break , upheld a supreme court ruling in favour of a 1992 [raise] in pensions of 147 per cent ( instead of the government 's 54 ) .

Commentators regarded the raids and the increase in numbers of soldiers as measures clearly designed to placate Jewish settlers in the West Bank .
commentators regarded the raids and the [raise] in numbers of soldiers as measures clearly designed to placate jewish settlers in the west bank .

Indeed , there was an increase in its threat and its illegality with the passing of years . ``
indeed , there was an [raise] in its threat and its illegality with the passing of years . ``

However , international efforts to halt acid rain pollution ( in part caused by sulphur dioxide ) and to reverse the damage to the ozone layer were expected soon to have an effect , so that overall global warming would increase rapidly from the middle of next century .
however , international efforts to halt acid rain pollution ( in part caused by sulphur dioxide ) and to reverse the damage to the ozone layer were expected soon to have an effect , so that overall global warming would [raise] rapidly from the middle of next century .

Acknowledging that South Africa 's economy was far bigger and more sophisticated that their own , members agreed that South Africa 's eventual membership would increase the organization 's resources and the developmental pace of the region .
acknowledging that south africa 's economy was far bigger and more sophisticated that their own , members agreed that south africa 's eventual membership would [raise] the organization 's resources and the developmental pace of the region .

Widespread criticism from across the political spectrum greeted President Fernando Collor de Mello 's announcement on Aug. 22 of proposals for 44 changes to the 1988 constitution , intended to allow for measures to increase federal revenues while simultaneously cutting public spending .
widespread criticism from across the political spectrum greeted president fernando collor de mello 's announcement on aug. 22 of proposals for 44 changes to the 1988 constitution , intended to allow for measures to [raise] federal revenues while simultaneously cutting public spending .

In response to this vote , Collor had reportedly endorsed the release of a public statement by the military ministers in the Cabinet , signed by 80 generals , criticizing the Congress decision and emphasising that members of the Congress and judiciary had recently awarded themselves a pay increase of 37 per cent .
in response to this vote , collor had reportedly endorsed the release of a public statement by the military ministers in the cabinet , signed by 80 generals , criticizing the congress decision and emphasising that members of the congress and judiciary had recently awarded themselves a pay [raise] of 37 per cent .

In a speech to the Lok Sabha Singh announced that small and marginal farmers would be completely exempted from the rise in fertilizer prices and that the average increase for other farmers would be reduced from the 40 per cent announced in his budget to 30 per cent .
in a speech to the lok sabha singh announced that small and marginal farmers would be completely exempted from the rise in fertilizer prices and that the average [raise] for other farmers would be reduced from the 40 per cent announced in his budget to 30 per cent .

Singh had been under intense political pressure to reduce the increase in fertilizer prices .
singh had been under intense political pressure to reduce the [raise] in fertilizer prices .

Increased oil revenues in 1990 [ see p. 38071 ] accounting for a rise in foreign exchange allotments for several industries , were reported to have made possible a three-fold increase in car production , announced by the Ministry of Heavy Industries on Aug. 6 .
increased oil revenues in 1990 [ see p. 38071 ] accounting for a rise in foreign exchange allotments for several industries , were reported to have made possible a three-fold [raise] in car production , announced by the ministry of heavy industries on aug. 6 .

Increased oil revenue would be used to strengthen foreign exchange reserves , and there would be no increase at present in salaries for civil servants and members of the armed forces .
increased oil revenue would be used to strengthen foreign exchange reserves , and there would be no [raise] at present in salaries for civil servants and members of the armed forces .

The 1991 budget presented by Finance Minister Albert Reynolds on Jan. 30 provided for a 1 percentage point reduction in both the standard and the higher rate of income tax , and for a 4 per cent increase in welfare payments .
the 1991 budget presented by finance minister albert reynolds on jan. 30 provided for a 1 percentage point reduction in both the standard and the higher rate of income tax , and for a 4 per cent [raise] in welfare payments .

The two largest union federations , Turk-Is and Hak-Is , which organized the strike , demanded an increase of 500 per cent in workers ' pay and called for an end to restrictive labour laws .
the two largest union federations , turk-is and hak-is , which organized the strike , demanded an [raise] of 500 per cent in workers ' pay and called for an end to restrictive labour laws .

However , on Jan. 7 Russian Federation President Boris Yeltsin declared that what he called the `` budget war `` was not over , and that although his republic had agreed effectively to increase its contribution to Rbs78,000 million by funding specific all-union programmes , the central government was still demanding an additional Rbs27,000 million .
however , on jan. 7 russian federation president boris yeltsin declared that what he called the `` budget war `` was not over , and that although his republic had agreed effectively to [raise] its contribution to rbs78,000 million by funding specific all-union programmes , the central government was still demanding an additional rbs27,000 million .

On Jan. 24 the Russian Federation government intervened with the announcement that it would increase the maximum amount for pensioners to Rbs500 , and several republics said that they would extend the deadline for exchanges .
on jan. 24 the russian federation government intervened with the announcement that it would [raise] the maximum amount for pensioners to rbs500 , and several republics said that they would extend the deadline for exchanges .

The increase coincided with the escalation of pro-democracy protests and with political reform , and there were reports that border guards were no longer shooting on sight people caught attempting to cross the heavily fortified frontier .
the [raise] coincided with the escalation of pro-democracy protests and with political reform , and there were reports that border guards were no longer shooting on sight people caught attempting to cross the heavily fortified frontier .

The federal government reacted by announcing plans to increase central control over the republican national banks .
the federal government reacted by announcing plans to [raise] central control over the republican national banks .

Both Japan and Germany agreed to increase their financial assistance to help defray the costs of the Gulf war .
both japan and germany agreed to [raise] their financial assistance to help defray the costs of the gulf war .

On a union close to its citizens , the European Council agreed `` that specific steps must be taken to increase the transparency in the decision making process of the Community and to reinforce the dialogue with the citizens of Europe on the Maastricht Treaty and its implementation `` . ``
on a union close to its citizens , the european council agreed `` that specific steps must be taken to [raise] the transparency in the decision making process of the community and to reinforce the dialogue with the citizens of europe on the maastricht treaty and its implementation `` . ``

Having assured himself of his party 's nomination , Clinton appeared to increase his efforts to seek support beyond the usual constituency of his party .
having assured himself of his party 's nomination , clinton appeared to [raise] his efforts to seek support beyond the usual constituency of his party .

Anand , who claimed that he would not seek re-election , announced that his objectives in his allotted time in government were to increase the participation of the public and business sector in politics , to begin the demilitarization of the political process , and to disengage from commercial practices the armed forces , many of whose leaders headed major companies .
anand , who claimed that he would not seek re-election , announced that his objectives in his allotted time in government were to [raise] the participation of the public and business sector in politics , to begin the demilitarization of the political process , and to disengage from commercial practices the armed forces , many of whose leaders headed major companies .

Gaidar announced on television on May 31 that the issue of cash in June would reach 142,000 million roubles , a 250 per cent increase compared with May .
gaidar announced on television on may 31 that the issue of cash in june would reach 142,000 million roubles , a 250 per cent [raise] compared with may .

Arms imports into Asia and the Pacific region showed a marked increase despite an overall reduction in the developing world .
arms imports into asia and the pacific region showed a marked [raise] despite an overall reduction in the developing world .

France took steps to increase trade when Dominique Strauss-Kahn , Minister-Delegate for Trade and Industry , on Sept. 19 began the first ministerial visit to South Africa since 1975 .
france took steps to [raise] trade when dominique strauss-kahn , minister-delegate for trade and industry , on sept. 19 began the first ministerial visit to south africa since 1975 .

However , it was criticized for continuing the country 's economic expansion programme  risking further damage to the environment and an increase in the gap between rich and poor  and for not offering concrete solutions or even new policy initiatives to tackle the country 's economic and social problems .
however , it was criticized for continuing the country 's economic expansion programme  risking further damage to the environment and an [raise] in the gap between rich and poor  and for not offering concrete solutions or even new policy initiatives to tackle the country 's economic and social problems .

The Centre Party and the Left Socialist Party , both of which campaigned in the local elections on a vigorously anti-EC platform , saw their support increase from 6.8 per cent to 12.1 per cent and from 5.8 per cent to 12.2 per cent respectively .
the centre party and the left socialist party , both of which campaigned in the local elections on a vigorously anti-ec platform , saw their support [raise] from 6.8 per cent to 12.1 per cent and from 5.8 per cent to 12.2 per cent respectively .

An agreement to increase contacts aimed at resolving the financial dispute between Iran and France [ see p. 37929 ] was confirmed on Sept. 27 following a meeting in New York between Vellayati and his French counterpart , Roland Dumas .
an agreement to [raise] contacts aimed at resolving the financial dispute between iran and france [ see p. 37929 ] was confirmed on sept. 27 following a meeting in new york between vellayati and his french counterpart , roland dumas .

There was a sharp increase in acts of violence by youths , especially football hooligans , and in neo-Nazi and racist attacks , particularly in Dresden , Leipzig and Berlin [ see pp .
there was a sharp [raise] in acts of violence by youths , especially football hooligans , and in neo-nazi and racist attacks , particularly in dresden , leipzig and berlin [ see pp .

38199 ; 38401 , repeatedly warned the government that there was a need to offset increased expenditure in some parts of the public sector by making reductions in expenditure in other parts , and that higher public-sector borrowing would increase interest rates to dangerous levels [ see pp .
38199 ; 38401 , repeatedly warned the government that there was a need to offset increased expenditure in some parts of the public sector by making reductions in expenditure in other parts , and that higher public-sector borrowing would [raise] interest rates to dangerous levels [ see pp .

The increase in the labour supply was slow ; in 1989 a decrease in population was recorded .
the [raise] in the labour supply was slow ; in 1989 a decrease in population was recorded .

The government 's ambitious reforms aiming at the revitalization of the national economy and the introduction of a fully operating free-market mechanism , outlined by Antall in May 1990 [ see p. 37465 ] , incorporated privatization , together with efforts to increase exports , to enter the world economy and to attract foreign investment .
the government 's ambitious reforms aiming at the revitalization of the national economy and the introduction of a fully operating free-market mechanism , outlined by antall in may 1990 [ see p. 37465 ] , incorporated privatization , together with efforts to [raise] exports , to enter the world economy and to attract foreign investment .

Liechtenstein 's economic performance during 1990 was less strong in the second half of the year but by the end of the year the number of jobs had nevertheless grown to 19,905 , an increase of 3.2 per cent as compared with 1989 .
liechtenstein 's economic performance during 1990 was less strong in the second half of the year but by the end of the year the number of jobs had nevertheless grown to 19,905 , an [raise] of 3.2 per cent as compared with 1989 .

The Financial Times of Feb. 6 , 1991 , reported that the government was to increase exports of natural gas by a further 200,000 million cubic metres over the next 20 years .
the financial times of feb. 6 , 1991 , reported that the government was to [raise] exports of natural gas by a further 200,000 million cubic metres over the next 20 years .

The move , which was made possible partly because of new estimates of the reserves available in the vast Groningen gas field , was calculated to increase government revenue by up to Fl40,000 million , although this would mainly be after 2000 .
the move , which was made possible partly because of new estimates of the reserves available in the vast groningen gas field , was calculated to [raise] government revenue by up to fl40,000 million , although this would mainly be after 2000 .

Wages rose by 2 per cent for every 1 per cent increase in productivity according to figures for February , and unemployment rose in March by 63,000 to a total of 1,322,000 at the end of the month .
wages rose by 2 per cent for every 1 per cent [raise] in productivity according to figures for february , and unemployment rose in march by 63,000 to a total of 1,322,000 at the end of the month .

Unemployment was predicted to increase to 700,000 by the end of 1991 .
unemployment was predicted to [raise] to 700,000 by the end of 1991 .

In 1990 there were 35,836 applications for asylum , representing an increase of 47 per cent as compared with 1989 , with those from India , Lebanon , Romania and Yugoslavia showing the greatest increases .
in 1990 there were 35,836 applications for asylum , representing an [raise] of 47 per cent as compared with 1989 , with those from india , lebanon , romania and yugoslavia showing the greatest increases .

With a 60 per cent increase in consumer prices reported , there were therefore substantial increases in real wages for many workers .
with a 60 per cent [raise] in consumer prices reported , there were therefore substantial increases in real wages for many workers .

Major described the measures as marking `` the latest stage in our drive to open up opportunities , to increase choice and raise standards in education and training `` .
major described the measures as marking `` the latest stage in our drive to open up opportunities , to [raise] choice and raise standards in education and training `` .

Michael Wilson ( hitherto Finance Minister ) took on a new `` super-ministry `` with a brief to increase Canada 's competitiveness in the world market ; his successor at Finance , Donald Mazankowski ( hitherto Agriculture Minister ) promised to retain his policy of strict limits on federal spending .
michael wilson ( hitherto finance minister ) took on a new `` super-ministry `` with a brief to [raise] canada 's competitiveness in the world market ; his successor at finance , donald mazankowski ( hitherto agriculture minister ) promised to retain his policy of strict limits on federal spending .

It was subsequently announced that the government planned to increase the size of the country 's internal security forces to accommodate some 16,000 `` unemployed `` militiamen .
it was subsequently announced that the government planned to [raise] the size of the country 's internal security forces to accommodate some 16,000 `` unemployed `` militiamen .

Increase in number of deputies
[raise] in number of deputies

More specific tasks relating to the economic renovation process included : ( i ) the development of agriculture and the increase in pace and scope of industry ; ( ii ) the expansion of the service-based economy to produce consumer and export goods ; ( iii ) the expansion of oil , gas and mineral exploration ; and ( iv ) the development of the infrastructure , particularly electricity , communications and water conservancy .
more specific tasks relating to the economic renovation process included : ( i ) the development of agriculture and the [raise] in pace and scope of industry ; ( ii ) the expansion of the service-based economy to produce consumer and export goods ; ( iii ) the expansion of oil , gas and mineral exploration ; and ( iv ) the development of the infrastructure , particularly electricity , communications and water conservancy .

Hopes that this would to lead to a significant drop in drug trafficking was offset by speculation that the rival Cali cartel , whose drug operations were more sophisticated and less reliant on intimidation and violence , would now step in and increase cocaine production .
hopes that this would to lead to a significant drop in drug trafficking was offset by speculation that the rival cali cartel , whose drug operations were more sophisticated and less reliant on intimidation and violence , would now step in and [raise] cocaine production .

The Economy Minister Domingo Cavallo had already refused a demand for a 27 per cent increase in military salaries , in line with his March efforts to control inflation [ see pp .
the economy minister domingo cavallo had already refused a demand for a 27 per cent [raise] in military salaries , in line with his march efforts to control inflation [ see pp .

Four months of picketing by hundreds of pensioners of the Finance Ministry and Central Courts in the capital , Buenos Aires , sustained by popular support in a tent community in Lacalle Square , forced the government , on June 5 , to concede a 25 per cent increase in their $120 minimum monthly benefit .
four months of picketing by hundreds of pensioners of the finance ministry and central courts in the capital , buenos aires , sustained by popular support in a tent community in lacalle square , forced the government , on june 5 , to concede a 25 per cent [raise] in their $120 minimum monthly benefit .

Radius Prawiro , Co-ordinating Minister for Economy , Finance , Industry and Development Supervision , said that the package would `` boost exports and increase efficiency in all sectors of production `` .
radius prawiro , co-ordinating minister for economy , finance , industry and development supervision , said that the package would `` boost exports and [raise] efficiency in all sectors of production `` .

The increase was to be backdated to June 1 and would rise to 75 per cent by the last quarter of 1991 .
the [raise] was to be backdated to june 1 and would rise to 75 per cent by the last quarter of 1991 .

The sudden increase in immigration was a direct result of the impending implementation on July 1 of a new emigration regulations which required all emigrants to leave on a Soviet passport .
the sudden [raise] in immigration was a direct result of the impending implementation on july 1 of a new emigration regulations which required all emigrants to leave on a soviet passport .

Palestinian activists initiated a re-evaluation of the intifada during June , partly in response to an increase in intra-Palestinian violence .
palestinian activists initiated a re-evaluation of the intifada during june , partly in response to an [raise] in intra-palestinian violence .

In a significant statement on " partnership with the countries of central and eastern Europe " released on June 6 , ministers offered to increase economic and political co-operation aimed at " a Europe whole and free " .
in a significant statement on " partnership with the countries of central and eastern europe " released on june 6 , ministers offered to [raise] economic and political co-operation aimed at " a europe whole and free " .

Bush indicated a willingness to approve an increase in taxation of the wealthy and to defer a cut in capital gains tax , but said that he would not accept the House budget proposals .
bush indicated a willingness to approve an [raise] in taxation of the wealthy and to defer a cut in capital gains tax , but said that he would not accept the house budget proposals .

The main differences between the final version and the original agreement in September were an increase in the top rate of tax , a smaller reduction in the Medicare budget , and a smaller increase in petrol tax .
the main differences between the final version and the original agreement in september were an [raise] in the top rate of tax , a smaller reduction in the medicare budget , and a smaller [raise] in petrol tax .

The increases in excise tax included increasing the federal gasoline tax from 9 to 14 cents per gallon , the renewal of the tax on airline tickets , increased from 8 to 10 per cent , the doubling of taxes on a six-pack of beer from 16 to 32 cents , increased taxes on wines and spirits , and a tax increase ( from 16 cents a pack to 20 cents ) on cigarettes .
the increases in excise tax included increasing the federal gasoline tax from 9 to 14 cents per gallon , the renewal of the tax on airline tickets , increased from 8 to 10 per cent , the doubling of taxes on a six-pack of beer from 16 to 32 cents , increased taxes on wines and spirits , and a tax [raise] ( from 16 cents a pack to 20 cents ) on cigarettes .

The bill would have limited textile imports to a 1 per cent annual increase , and set quotas for most shoe imports at 1989 levels .
the bill would have limited textile imports to a 1 per cent annual [raise] , and set quotas for most shoe imports at 1989 levels .

The Nationals won 49 per cent of the vote and took 68 of the 97 seats in the unicameral parliament , an increase of 28 ; Labour polled 35 per cent and won 28 seats , a net loss of 28 ; and the left-wing New Labour Party retained its single seat .
the nationals won 49 per cent of the vote and took 68 of the 97 seats in the unicameral parliament , an [raise] of 28 ; labour polled 35 per cent and won 28 seats , a net loss of 28 ; and the left-wing new labour party retained its single seat .

The decree also ordered an increase in state social insurance contributions by enterprises , from the current 14 per cent to 26 per cent in 1991 .
the decree also ordered an [raise] in state social insurance contributions by enterprises , from the current 14 per cent to 26 per cent in 1991 .

Other measures announced included a reduction in the rate of income tax and a further immediate increase in the price of petrol .
other measures announced included a reduction in the rate of income tax and a further immediate [raise] in the price of petrol .

Later in October the government confirmed a change in cocoa marketing strategy , saying that it planned to sell cocoa in relatively small quantities through the London market , with the aim of stimulating competition and securing an increase in prices , rather than seeking to obtain large-scale contracts with overseas buyers [ for January 1989 cocoa deal with French trading house see p. 36413 ] .
later in october the government confirmed a change in cocoa marketing strategy , saying that it planned to sell cocoa in relatively small quantities through the london market , with the aim of stimulating competition and securing an [raise] in prices , rather than seeking to obtain large-scale contracts with overseas buyers [ for january 1989 cocoa deal with french trading house see p. 36413 ] .

Article 20 . Both governments shall increase their co-operation within the framework of international organizations 
article 20 . both governments shall [raise] their co-operation within the framework of international organizations 

The Senate voted by 53 to 45 on July 17 to increase the annual pay of senators by $ 23,200 to $ 125,100 in exchange for the prohibition of its members accepting honoraria for speeches to special interest groups .
the senate voted by 53 to 45 on july 17 to [raise] the annual pay of senators by $ 23,200 to $ 125,100 in exchange for the prohibition of its members accepting honoraria for speeches to special interest groups .

Required by the state constitution to produce a balanced budget , Republican Governor Pete Wilson recommended a record $ 7,700 million tax increase , $ 5,500 million in spending cuts and $ 1,600 million in borrowing from a public employee retirement fund .
required by the state constitution to produce a balanced budget , republican governor pete wilson recommended a record $ 7,700 million tax [raise] , $ 5,500 million in spending cuts and $ 1,600 million in borrowing from a public employee retirement fund .

The budget aimed to increase revenue by raising corporate taxes steeply , increasing excise duties on luxury goods and introducing fresh measures aimed at attracting remittances from Indians abroad and reducing tax evasion .
the budget aimed to [raise] revenue by raising corporate taxes steeply , increasing excise duties on luxury goods and introducing fresh measures aimed at attracting remittances from indians abroad and reducing tax evasion .

On July 2 , Li Peng began a `` goodwill `` tour of the Middle East intended to increase China 's influence in the region following the Gulf War .
on july 2 , li peng began a `` goodwill `` tour of the middle east intended to [raise] china 's influence in the region following the gulf war .

Industrial output had shown a 13.4 per cent increase over the same period in 1990 , exports an 18.5 per cent increase , and imports a 15.9 per cent increase .
industrial output had shown a 13.4 per cent [raise] over the same period in 1990 , exports an 18.5 per cent [raise] , and imports a 15.9 per cent [raise] .

On July 15 both countries issued specific proposals designed to increase cultural contacts .
on july 15 both countries issued specific proposals designed to [raise] cultural contacts .

The proposals would increase agricultural spending by 10 per cent in real terms by 1997 when compared with expected 1992 expenditure .
the proposals would [raise] agricultural spending by 10 per cent in real terms by 1997 when compared with expected 1992 expenditure .

The paper included plans to privatize British Rail and London buses , to increase competition for the Post Office , to expedite the contracting out of local authority services to the private sector , and to shorten waiting times for hospital admissions .
the paper included plans to privatize british rail and london buses , to [raise] competition for the post office , to expedite the contracting out of local authority services to the private sector , and to shorten waiting times for hospital admissions .

Wang also announced an increase of nearly 12 per cent in military spending for 1991 , the second increase in two years , saying that the extra money was needed for the modernization of weapons and equipment .
wang also announced an [raise] of nearly 12 per cent in military spending for 1991 , the second [raise] in two years , saying that the extra money was needed for the modernization of weapons and equipment .

Construction showed a massive increase , with 121 key projects completed and commissioned including 8 new coal pits and the Gezhouba dam project in Hubei .
construction showed a massive [raise] , with 121 key projects completed and commissioned including 8 new coal pits and the gezhouba dam project in hubei .

Seventh five-year plan 1986-90 Average per annum increase
seventh five-year plan 1986-90 average per annum [raise]

The working paper set the goal of an eight-fold increase in national income by 2020 , relying on further privatization and deregulation and on more training .
the working paper set the goal of an eight-fold [raise] in national income by 2020 , relying on further privatization and deregulation and on more training .

Norman Lamont , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , presented in the House of Commons on March 19 the budget for the financial year beginning April 5 , 1991 , in which the surprise announcement was made that a considerable portion of the burden of the community charge was to be transferred from individual charge-payers to central government , which would recoup most of the cost through an increase in value added tax .
norman lamont , the chancellor of the exchequer , presented in the house of commons on march 19 the budget for the financial year beginning april 5 , 1991 , in which the surprise announcement was made that a considerable portion of the burden of the community charge was to be transferred from individual charge-payers to central government , which would recoup most of the cost through an [raise] in value added tax .

The new money would be used to reduce charge-payers ' bills in terms of the average `` headline charge `` by 140 a year and would not be available to increase local authority spending .
the new money would be used to reduce charge-payers ' bills in terms of the average `` headline charge `` by 140 a year and would not be available to [raise] local authority spending .

In order to meet most of the cost of this new central government spending , the standard rate of value added tax would go up from 15 to 17.5 per cent effective April 1 ( the first increase since June 1979 ) so as to produce anticipated additional revenue of nearly 4,000 million in 1991-92 .
in order to meet most of the cost of this new central government spending , the standard rate of value added tax would go up from 15 to 17.5 per cent effective april 1 ( the first [raise] since june 1979 ) so as to produce anticipated additional revenue of nearly 4,000 million in 1991-92 .

All the delegates predicted an increase in migratory pressures .
all the delegates predicted an [raise] in migratory pressures .

They also backed moves to boost foreign exchange , especially for tourism , and to increase private foreign investment , particulary from Latin America [ see p. 38528 for Castro 's appearance at October Group-of-3 meeting ] .
they also backed moves to boost foreign exchange , especially for tourism , and to [raise] private foreign investment , particulary from latin america [ see p. 38528 for castro 's appearance at october group-of-3 meeting ] .

Grachev 's remarks also included proposals to increase the professionalism of the army by reducing the length of service and increasing the proportion of volunteers to conscripts .
grachev 's remarks also included proposals to [raise] the professionalism of the army by reducing the length of service and increasing the proportion of volunteers to conscripts .

For the first time bids were by competitive tender , a highly controversial system introduced by the government in an attempt to increase competition .
for the first time bids were by competitive tender , a highly controversial system introduced by the government in an attempt to [raise] competition .

The financial sector welcomed the changes while employers complained that they had to pay out more money for no increase in productivity .
the financial sector welcomed the changes while employers complained that they had to pay out more money for no [raise] in productivity .

On Feb. 7 Prez authorized a 50 per cent rise in the minimum wage from $ 100 to $ 150 per month , plus a monthly public transport bonus of $ 15 and a 30 per cent increase in the pay of middle-ranking officers .
on feb. 7 prez authorized a 50 per cent rise in the minimum wage from $ 100 to $ 150 per month , plus a monthly public transport bonus of $ 15 and a 30 per cent [raise] in the pay of middle-ranking officers .

Corruption charges against senior politicians  Boycott of budget debate  Measures against gangsters  Increase
corruption charges against senior politicians  boycott of budget debate  measures against gangsters  [raise]

In January it had been announced that the country 's global trade surplus for 1991 had risen to $ 78,230 million , a 50 per cent increase on the $ 52,150 million recorded in 1990 .
in january it had been announced that the country 's global trade surplus for 1991 had risen to $ 78,230 million , a 50 per cent [raise] on the $ 52,150 million recorded in 1990 .

An increasing number of apparent revenge attacks in early February marked an increase in sectarian violence .
an increasing number of apparent revenge attacks in early february marked an [raise] in sectarian violence .

He condemned the action and claimed that organizations such as the Black Panthers were `` attempting to increase terrorist activity in parallel with the peace process `` .
he condemned the action and claimed that organizations such as the black panthers were `` attempting to [raise] terrorist activity in parallel with the peace process `` .

Delegates made a significant change to the party structure , voting to increase the membership of the central committee from 180 to 193 members .
delegates made a significant change to the party structure , voting to [raise] the membership of the central committee from 180 to 193 members .

The first series of riots began in Lagos on May 4 when commuters protested against a 500 per cent fare increase imposed by taxi and minibus drivers who were trying to cope with an acute fuel shortage [ see p. 38853 ] and with spiralling inflation .
the first series of riots began in lagos on may 4 when commuters protested against a 500 per cent fare [raise] imposed by taxi and minibus drivers who were trying to cope with an acute fuel shortage [ see p. 38853 ] and with spiralling inflation .

Others , however , believed that the North Korean government had exaggerated the extent of its nuclear programme in order to increase its diplomatic influence .
others , however , believed that the north korean government had exaggerated the extent of its nuclear programme in order to [raise] its diplomatic influence .

Defence spending was set to increase by nearly 6 per cent to Rs76,000 million .
defence spending was set to [raise] by nearly 6 per cent to rs76,000 million .

The budget also allowed key government monopolies to increase resources according to their investment needs without limitations imposed by federal budgetary controls .
the budget also allowed key government monopolies to [raise] resources according to their investment needs without limitations imposed by federal budgetary controls .

the federal government , Lnder ( states ) and local government , then agreed to a 5.4 per cent pay increase plus extra payments to the lower paid .
the federal government , lnder ( states ) and local government , then agreed to a 5.4 per cent pay [raise] plus extra payments to the lower paid .

Water sharing talks were held in Vienna on May 13-14 , chaired by Austria , and attended by more than 30 delegations , which agreed to meet again later in the year to discuss a number of issues including the creation of an international data-base on water , cross-border co-operation , methods of water management and ways to increase water resources .
water sharing talks were held in vienna on may 13-14 , chaired by austria , and attended by more than 30 delegations , which agreed to meet again later in the year to discuss a number of issues including the creation of an international data-base on water , cross-border co-operation , methods of water management and ways to [raise] water resources .

Strictly controlled and effective means `` would be adopted to increase revenues and administrative reforms would be introduced .
strictly controlled and effective means `` would be adopted to [raise] revenues and administrative reforms would be introduced .

On Dec. 18 Bush instructed the department to reverse its decision on the grounds that it contradicted his stated intention to increase educational opportunities for minorities .
on dec. 18 bush instructed the department to reverse its decision on the grounds that it contradicted his stated intention to [raise] educational opportunities for minorities .

To pay for the outlay the federal government would increase customs and import duties .
to pay for the outlay the federal government would [raise] customs and import duties .

The proposals made by Prez de Cullar were likely to increase the list by 30-40,000 names .
the proposals made by prez de cullar were likely to [raise] the list by 30-40,000 names .

For the Nov. 16 poll against Democrat Edwin Edwards , Duke 's campaign emphasized the themes that had promoted his rapid political rise : opposition to affirmative action , to high taxes , to crime , and to a welfare system which , he said , encouraged mothers to have more babies just to increase their benefits .
for the nov. 16 poll against democrat edwin edwards , duke 's campaign emphasized the themes that had promoted his rapid political rise : opposition to affirmative action , to high taxes , to crime , and to a welfare system which , he said , encouraged mothers to have more babies just to [raise] their benefits .

There were attacks on asylum centres in Switzerland [ see p. 38497 for increase in number of asylum seekers in Switzerland ] .
there were attacks on asylum centres in switzerland [ see p. 38497 for [raise] in number of asylum seekers in switzerland ] .

It forecast a 4.4 per cent increase in revenues and a 12.1 per cent increase in expenditure ; investment was expected to increase by 43 per cent in 1990 , with greater incentives for private capital investment .
it forecast a 4.4 per cent [raise] in revenues and a 12.1 per cent [raise] in expenditure ; investment was expected to [raise] by 43 per cent in 1990 , with greater incentives for private capital investment .

Anticipated state income from internal sources showed an increase of 47.5 per cent .
anticipated state income from internal sources showed an [raise] of 47.5 per cent .

An increase of 51.7 per cent was forecast in the state development budget owing to increased foreign assistance contributions and project loans .
an [raise] of 51.7 per cent was forecast in the state development budget owing to increased foreign assistance contributions and project loans .

The central government imposed President 's rule in Tamil Nadu in January 1991 giving as its reason an increase in activity by Tamil militants in the state [ see p. 37964 ] .
the central government imposed president 's rule in tamil nadu in january 1991 giving as its reason an [raise] in activity by tamil militants in the state [ see p. 37964 ] .

Rising oil prices , a result of the Gulf conflict , assured short-term gains in 1991 , but alarmed the government which had as its primary economic goal the increase of non-oil exports .
rising oil prices , a result of the gulf conflict , assured short-term gains in 1991 , but alarmed the government which had as its primary economic goal the [raise] of non-oil exports .

The budget , which was passed by the Diet 's lower house on March 14 , totalled 70,347,000 million yen , a 6.2 per cent increase over the initial budget for fiscal 1990 .
the budget , which was passed by the diet 's lower house on march 14 , totalled 70,347,000 million yen , a 6.2 per cent [raise] over the initial budget for fiscal 1990 .

Defence spending was planned to rise by 5.1 per cent , the lowest percentage rise since 1960 , and a whole percentage point lower than the previous year 's increase .
defence spending was planned to rise by 5.1 per cent , the lowest percentage rise since 1960 , and a whole percentage point lower than the previous year 's [raise] .

Finance Ministry officials specifically related the reduction in the rate of increase for defence expenditure to the relaxation of tension between what had been the Soviet bloc and the West .
finance ministry officials specifically related the reduction in the rate of [raise] for defence expenditure to the relaxation of tension between what had been the soviet bloc and the west .

The five-year programme was budgeted to cost 22,750,000 million yen , at an average annual increase of around 3 per cent .
the five-year programme was budgeted to cost 22,750,000 million yen , at an average annual [raise] of around 3 per cent .

This isolation was accentuated as , during the course of the year , the Soviet Union established diplomatic relations with South Korea and showed every sign of wanting to increase economic co-operation with the capitalist South [ see p. 37714 ] .
this isolation was accentuated as , during the course of the year , the soviet union established diplomatic relations with south korea and showed every sign of wanting to [raise] economic co-operation with the capitalist south [ see p. 37714 ] .

Rising labour costs , together with the depreciation of the won , helped to increase inflation to its highest level since 1981 , with consumer prices rising by some 10 per cent in 1990 , and wholesale prices by 7 per cent .
rising labour costs , together with the depreciation of the won , helped to [raise] inflation to its highest level since 1981 , with consumer prices rising by some 10 per cent in 1990 , and wholesale prices by 7 per cent .

The government was also committed to reducing radically the budget deficit by implementing cuts in social spending ; defence expenditure , however , is set to increase by almost 11.6 per cent [ see p. 38289 ] .
the government was also committed to reducing radically the budget deficit by implementing cuts in social spending ; defence expenditure , however , is set to [raise] by almost 11.6 per cent [ see p. 38289 ] .

Despite a 30 per cent increase in petrol prices imposed in September , a debt rescheduling agreement signed with Japan in October , and a devaluation of the peso by 8.7 per cent on Oct. 31 , by November official forecasts predicted that the budget deficit would reach 60,000 million pesos at the end of 1990 .
despite a 30 per cent [raise] in petrol prices imposed in september , a debt rescheduling agreement signed with japan in october , and a devaluation of the peso by 8.7 per cent on oct. 31 , by november official forecasts predicted that the budget deficit would reach 60,000 million pesos at the end of 1990 .

The key to the achievement of a consensus lay in Hawke 's agreement to increase the financial autonomy of individual states by expanding their powers to raise taxes and by loosening controls on how they spent money transferred to them by the federal government .
the key to the achievement of a consensus lay in hawke 's agreement to [raise] the financial autonomy of individual states by expanding their powers to raise taxes and by loosening controls on how they spent money transferred to them by the federal government .

The Constitution of Polynesia was amended by the French Parliament with effect from July 1990 to increase the powers of the President of the territorial government and those of the Territorial Assembly , and to establish five consultative local councils composed of elected territorial and municipal representatives .
the constitution of polynesia was amended by the french parliament with effect from july 1990 to [raise] the powers of the president of the territorial government and those of the territorial assembly , and to establish five consultative local councils composed of elected territorial and municipal representatives .

While not binding , the national referendum was seen as an attempt to increase the likelihood of unanimous provincial ratification and , thereby , to prevent the deal from suffering a fate similar to that of its Meech Lake predecessor .
while not binding , the national referendum was seen as an attempt to [raise] the likelihood of unanimous provincial ratification and , thereby , to prevent the deal from suffering a fate similar to that of its meech lake predecessor .

The conciliatory approach of the Ramos administration was in part based on the pragmatic need to increase political stability in order to bolster investor confidence .
the conciliatory approach of the ramos administration was in part based on the pragmatic need to [raise] political stability in order to bolster investor confidence .

An increase in state pensions , due in November , was frozen .
an [raise] in state pensions , due in november , was frozen .

The reforms entailed an increase in employees ' contributions from 3 to 11 per cent of gross wage ; the raising of the pensionable age from 63 to 65 for men and from 58 to 60 for women ; the abolition of special allowances for particular categories of employees ; and the merger of pension funds .
the reforms entailed an [raise] in employees ' contributions from 3 to 11 per cent of gross wage ; the raising of the pensionable age from 63 to 65 for men and from 58 to 60 for women ; the abolition of special allowances for particular categories of employees ; and the merger of pension funds .

Voters thus rejected 58 assorted reforms , principal among which were the constitutional abolition of the armed forces and the elimination of all references to the military 's role in the life of the nation , an increase from six to 11 in the number of years of compulsory education , the creation of the office of ombudsman , and a curtailment of the auditing department 's powers to review government spending .
voters thus rejected 58 assorted reforms , principal among which were the constitutional abolition of the armed forces and the elimination of all references to the military 's role in the life of the nation , an [raise] from six to 11 in the number of years of compulsory education , the creation of the office of ombudsman , and a curtailment of the auditing department 's powers to review government spending .

The economic package announced by Cavallo on Oct. 28 was designed to promote the export sector and to increase protection from im-ports .
the economic package announced by cavallo on oct. 28 was designed to promote the export sector and to [raise] protection from im-ports .

Merkulov , one of Kuchma 's close advisers , said that the council would create a currency market and stock exchange , planned to increase the proportion of property in private ownership from 3 up to 50 per cent , and would , in particular , assist private motor manufacturers ; the government was negotiating with the US-based Chrysler Corporation on plans to build new factories in Ukraine .
merkulov , one of kuchma 's close advisers , said that the council would create a currency market and stock exchange , planned to [raise] the proportion of property in private ownership from 3 up to 50 per cent , and would , in particular , assist private motor manufacturers ; the government was negotiating with the us-based chrysler corporation on plans to build new factories in ukraine .

In a wide-ranging television interview on Nov. 9 President Franois Mitterrand proposed a number of changes to the Constitution , including a reduction in the president 's term from seven " at least " to six years , a reduction of presidential powers and a corresponding increase in the powers of the Prime Minister and the National Assembly , a strengthening of the independence of the judiciary ( including ending ministerial immunity from prosecution in ordinary courts ) , and greater scope for the use of referendums .
in a wide-ranging television interview on nov. 9 president franois mitterrand proposed a number of changes to the constitution , including a reduction in the president 's term from seven " at least " to six years , a reduction of presidential powers and a corresponding [raise] in the powers of the prime minister and the national assembly , a strengthening of the independence of the judiciary ( including ending ministerial immunity from prosecution in ordinary courts ) , and greater scope for the use of referendums .

French President Franois Mitterrand 's visit to Israel and Jordan in late November demonstrated the French government 's desire to increase its involvement in the peace process .
french president franois mitterrand 's visit to israel and jordan in late november demonstrated the french government 's desire to [raise] its involvement in the peace process .

Kuwait , which had insisted on a quota of 1,750,000 bpd , agreed to limit output to 1,500,000 bpd on the understanding that it would increase production when market conditions and prices permitted .
kuwait , which had insisted on a quota of 1,750,000 bpd , agreed to limit output to 1,500,000 bpd on the understanding that it would [raise] production when market conditions and prices permitted .

In addition it was expected to increase the supply of emergency food aid passing across the Ethiopian border into Sudan , to regions facing a severe threat of mass starvation , and to refugees camps around the Sudanese capital , Khartoum , where refugee numbers were swollen by the influx from drought-ridden and war-torn rural areas .
in addition it was expected to [raise] the supply of emergency food aid passing across the ethiopian border into sudan , to regions facing a severe threat of mass starvation , and to refugees camps around the sudanese capital , khartoum , where refugee numbers were swollen by the influx from drought-ridden and war-torn rural areas .

He called for sensible and non-sectarian dialogue to solve a conflict between the government and judiciary , ostensibly over the constitutionality of a beer tax increase , which had plunged the country into its most serious constitutional crisis since it returned to democracy in 1982 .
he called for sensible and non-sectarian dialogue to solve a conflict between the government and judiciary , ostensibly over the constitutionality of a beer tax [raise] , which had plunged the country into its most serious constitutional crisis since it returned to democracy in 1982 .

The 12-member Supreme Court had ruled in April that a 15 per cent increase in the beer tax was unconstitutional .
the 12-member supreme court had ruled in april that a 15 per cent [raise] in the beer tax was unconstitutional .

It was announced on Nov. 30 that the British Army presence in Northern Ireland would be increased by 500-600 troops , in view of `` firm intelligence `` indicating a likely increase in bombings and shootings by both republican and loyalist paramilitaries before Christmas .
it was announced on nov. 30 that the british army presence in northern ireland would be increased by 500-600 troops , in view of `` firm intelligence `` indicating a likely [raise] in bombings and shootings by both republican and loyalist paramilitaries before christmas .

This was the first increase in troop numbers for four years , and brought the Army presence to nearly 11,000 ( the peak level , in 1973 , having been some 17,000 ) .
this was the first [raise] in troop numbers for four years , and brought the army presence to nearly 11,000 ( the peak level , in 1973 , having been some 17,000 ) .

The dispute began in June 1989 when pilots working for Australian Airlines and Ansett made a claim for a 29 percent pay increase .
the dispute began in june 1989 when pilots working for australian airlines and ansett made a claim for a 29 percent pay [raise] .

The decision to increase the Commission 's membership to 53 and to allot all the new seats to Third-World countries was seen as a further attempt by those countries to protect themselves , while a simultaneous Western proposal for measures to increase the Commission 's efficiency was defeated .
the decision to [raise] the commission 's membership to 53 and to allot all the new seats to third-world countries was seen as a further attempt by those countries to protect themselves , while a simultaneous western proposal for measures to [raise] the commission 's efficiency was defeated .

Inflation , which fell in the second half of 1989 , rose in some countries in the first half of 1990 , was anticipated to increase further in 1990 due in part to oil price increases .
inflation , which fell in the second half of 1989 , rose in some countries in the first half of 1990 , was anticipated to [raise] further in 1990 due in part to oil price increases .

The sharp increase in interest rates , and exchange rate fluctuations between the major currencies increased economic pessimism in 1990 .
the sharp [raise] in interest rates , and exchange rate fluctuations between the major currencies increased economic pessimism in 1990 .

The strength of the West German mark in the last quarter of 1989 and first quarter of 1990 , following the Bundesbank 's increase in its discount and Lombard rates [ see p.37165 ] , was also attributed to political optimism surrounding the economic and monetary union of East and West Germany .
the strength of the west german mark in the last quarter of 1989 and first quarter of 1990 , following the bundesbank 's [raise] in its discount and lombard rates [ see p.37165 ] , was also attributed to political optimism surrounding the economic and monetary union of east and west germany .

The increase in lending to this region contrasted with a reduction in lending to most developing countries outside Asia .
the [raise] in lending to this region contrasted with a reduction in lending to most developing countries outside asia .

Increase in air traffic
[raise] in air traffic

The Israeli Labour government 's resort to harsh collective punishment tactics reflected its anxiety over a recent increase in guerrilla activities by Palestinian supporters of the Islamic Resistance Movement ( Hamas ) .
the israeli labour government 's resort to harsh collective punishment tactics reflected its anxiety over a recent [raise] in guerrilla activities by palestinian supporters of the islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) .

The attack reflected the recent increase in the use of arms in the intifada .
the attack reflected the recent [raise] in the use of arms in the intifada .

However , the date of the elections was postponed twice in an attempt to increase the number of nominated candidates .
however , the date of the elections was postponed twice in an attempt to [raise] the number of nominated candidates .

South Korean officials expressed the view that Kang 's unprecedented return to the premiership would lead to an increase in economic co-operation between the two Korean states .
south korean officials expressed the view that kang 's unprecedented return to the premiership would lead to an [raise] in economic co-operation between the two korean states .

The amendments included an increase in the maximum duration of joint ventures from 20 to 70 years and authorization of the opening of overseas bank accounts by joint venture companies ; in addition tax concessions already provided to joint ventures were extended to selected wholly foreign-owned investment projects .
the amendments included an [raise] in the maximum duration of joint ventures from 20 to 70 years and authorization of the opening of overseas bank accounts by joint venture companies ; in addition tax concessions already provided to joint ventures were extended to selected wholly foreign-owned investment projects .

Central to this compromise was an agreement to increase support to `` southern `` countries for which Spain argued with particular vehemence and success .
central to this compromise was an agreement to [raise] support to `` southern `` countries for which spain argued with particular vehemence and success .

On March 17 the government moderated some of the impact of the railway budget introduced on Feb. 25 [ see p. 38762 ] , with concessions for second-class rail season tickets and the withdrawal of an increase in long-distance sleeper charges , amounting to a total loss in revenue of Rs600,000,000 .
on march 17 the government moderated some of the impact of the railway budget introduced on feb. 25 [ see p. 38762 ] , with concessions for second-class rail season tickets and the withdrawal of an [raise] in long-distance sleeper charges , amounting to a total loss in revenue of rs600,000,000 .

The budget represented an increase in spending of 2.7 per cent , the lowest in five years .
the budget represented an [raise] in spending of 2.7 per cent , the lowest in five years .

Military spending was set to rise by 3.78 per cent , the lowest increase for 32 years .
military spending was set to rise by 3.78 per cent , the lowest [raise] for 32 years .

The move was intended to increase the number of successful prosecutions , of which there had been 14 since 1980 , for neo-Nazi activities .
the move was intended to [raise] the number of successful prosecutions , of which there had been 14 since 1980 , for neo-nazi activities .

The government decided on March 7 to lift price ceilings on bread , milk and other staples , and encouraged local administrations to use the savings on food subsidies to increase social security funds .
the government decided on march 7 to lift price ceilings on bread , milk and other staples , and encouraged local administrations to use the savings on food subsidies to [raise] social security funds .

The proposal , which was for a referendum on the dissolution of the Byelarus Supreme Soviet , was denounced in a statement by the Council of Ministers on March 4 as an attempt to increase " social tension and confrontation " by blaming the Supreme Soviet and the Council of Ministers for the recent drop in living standards .
the proposal , which was for a referendum on the dissolution of the byelarus supreme soviet , was denounced in a statement by the council of ministers on march 4 as an attempt to [raise] " social tension and confrontation " by blaming the supreme soviet and the council of ministers for the recent drop in living standards .

There was a marked increase in intifada-related violence in March , with at least 15 deaths .
there was a marked [raise] in intifada-related violence in march , with at least 15 deaths .

The Congress on Oct. 28 endorsed the government 's plan to increase spending `` to fight subversion in the country `` , with the creation of six new counterinsurgency battalions in addition to the existing 13 .
the congress on oct. 28 endorsed the government 's plan to [raise] spending `` to fight subversion in the country `` , with the creation of six new counterinsurgency battalions in addition to the existing 13 .

German authorities in late October confirmed a marked increase in cases involving the sale and smuggling of nuclear weapons material from eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union ; more than 100 such cases were said to have been uncovered in 1992 compared with only 29 in 1991 .
german authorities in late october confirmed a marked [raise] in cases involving the sale and smuggling of nuclear weapons material from eastern europe and the former soviet union ; more than 100 such cases were said to have been uncovered in 1992 compared with only 29 in 1991 .

Wang forecast a 9 per cent increase in state revenue in 1992 , to 391,000 million yuan , and an 8.6 per cent increase in expenditures to 411,900 million yuan .
wang forecast a 9 per cent [raise] in state revenue in 1992 , to 391,000 million yuan , and an 8.6 per cent [raise] in expenditures to 411,900 million yuan .

The Liberal Democrat government of Kiichi Miyazawa had stated in its budget proposal [ see p. 38820 ] that total government outlays were to increase by only 2.7 per cent over fiscal 1991 , to 72,220,000 million yen , in response to the general worsening in the economic climate .
the liberal democrat government of kiichi miyazawa had stated in its budget proposal [ see p. 38820 ] that total government outlays were to [raise] by only 2.7 per cent over fiscal 1991 , to 72,220,000 million yen , in response to the general worsening in the economic climate .

Federal police reported that in January-March 1992 there had been nearly 600 `` criminal acts hostile to foreigners `` , representing a fourfold increase as compared with the same period in 1991 .
federal police reported that in january-march 1992 there had been nearly 600 `` criminal acts hostile to foreigners `` , representing a fourfold [raise] as compared with the same period in 1991 .

Cardio-vascular disease ( responsible for a quarter of all deaths worldwide ) threatened to increase dramatically in Latin America and other South countries , although in the developed world ( where half of all deaths were attributed to heart attacks and strokes ) the trend was generally downward .
cardio-vascular disease ( responsible for a quarter of all deaths worldwide ) threatened to [raise] dramatically in latin america and other south countries , although in the developed world ( where half of all deaths were attributed to heart attacks and strokes ) the trend was generally downward .

The incidence of fatal bronchitis was also expected to increase .
the incidence of fatal bronchitis was also expected to [raise] .

Darman stated that the size of the 1991 deficit reflected ( i ) an increase of $105,500 million in estimated outlays to help pay off debts resulting from the collapse of savings and loans institutions , or " thrifts " [ see pp. 36843 ; 37412 ] ; and ( ii ) a decline of $87,000 million in estimated receipts resulting from a weaker than expected economy .
darman stated that the size of the 1991 deficit reflected ( i ) an [raise] of $105,500 million in estimated outlays to help pay off debts resulting from the collapse of savings and loans institutions , or " thrifts " [ see pp. 36843 ; 37412 ] ; and ( ii ) a decline of $87,000 million in estimated receipts resulting from a weaker than expected economy .

The administration 's `` empowerment `` agenda was intended to help low-income families with home ownership , to encourage parental `` choice `` in education and to increase the `` choice `` of poor families in such areas as child care and child health insurance .
the administration 's `` empowerment `` agenda was intended to help low-income families with home ownership , to encourage parental `` choice `` in education and to [raise] the `` choice `` of poor families in such areas as child care and child health insurance .

An increase in economic and humanitarian aid from the current $ 5,700 million to $ 6,700 million was proposed .
an [raise] in economic and humanitarian aid from the current $ 5,700 million to $ 6,700 million was proposed .

The figures showed that the jobless total for January had reached more than 7,700,000 or 6.2 per cent of the workforce , up from 6.1 per cent the previous month , with an increase of 230,000 in unemployment outside the farming sector .
the figures showed that the jobless total for january had reached more than 7,700,000 or 6.2 per cent of the workforce , up from 6.1 per cent the previous month , with an [raise] of 230,000 in unemployment outside the farming sector .

In response the Federal Reserve on Feb. 1 cut its discount rate ( which determined the cost of short-term loans to banks ) by half a percentage point to 6 per cent , its second half-point cut in six weeks , in an attempt to stimulate investment by encouraging banks to increase consumer borrowing .
in response the federal reserve on feb. 1 cut its discount rate ( which determined the cost of short-term loans to banks ) by half a percentage point to 6 per cent , its second half-point cut in six weeks , in an attempt to stimulate investment by encouraging banks to [raise] consumer borrowing .

The European Communities had pledged $ 144,000,000 , while the United States announced that it would increase its $ 54,000,000 in annual aid to $ 84,000,000 to assist the transition to democracy .
the european communities had pledged $ 144,000,000 , while the united states announced that it would [raise] its $ 54,000,000 in annual aid to $ 84,000,000 to assist the transition to democracy .

Railway workers at the state-owned Ferrocarrilles Argentinos began an indefinite strike on Feb. 5 , demanding a wage increase of 200 per cent and threatening to resist a government threat to use the army to break the strike .
railway workers at the state-owned ferrocarrilles argentinos began an indefinite strike on feb. 5 , demanding a wage [raise] of 200 per cent and threatening to resist a government threat to use the army to break the strike .

The government , however , attempted to avert a threatened national teachers ' strike , by claiming that the emergency tax plan had raised enough revenues to increase their wages .
the government , however , attempted to avert a threatened national teachers ' strike , by claiming that the emergency tax plan had raised enough revenues to [raise] their wages .

There had been nearly 28,000,000 crimes reported in 1990 , an increase of 13 per cent over 1989 .
there had been nearly 28,000,000 crimes reported in 1990 , an [raise] of 13 per cent over 1989 .

Annual report  Increase in subscribed capital
annual report  [raise] in subscribed capital

In October parliament approved a revision of the 1990 budget , allowing for an increase in income from $ 252,000,000 to $ 285,000,000 and in expenditure from $ 300,000,000 to $ 347,000,000 .
in october parliament approved a revision of the 1990 budget , allowing for an [raise] in income from $ 252,000,000 to $ 285,000,000 and in expenditure from $ 300,000,000 to $ 347,000,000 .

An increase in spending on investment projects , from $ 400,000,000 to $ 424,000,000 was also allowed for .
an [raise] in spending on investment projects , from $ 400,000,000 to $ 424,000,000 was also allowed for .

The Finance Minister warned that there would be no increase in public spending in the 1991 budget .
the finance minister warned that there would be no [raise] in public spending in the 1991 budget .

Kiyonga also announced that a black market for foreign exchange was in effect to be legalised , in a measure designed to increase availability of foreign currency and stimulate foreign investment and non-traditional exports .
kiyonga also announced that a black market for foreign exchange was in effect to be legalised , in a measure designed to [raise] availability of foreign currency and stimulate foreign investment and non-traditional exports .

The Cabinet approved the plan unanimously and placed it before the Knesset where it was attacked by Labour , who claimed that it would increase the financial burden for the middle and lower classes , boost inflation and fail to promote the absorbtion of immigrants .
the cabinet approved the plan unanimously and placed it before the knesset where it was attacked by labour , who claimed that it would [raise] the financial burden for the middle and lower classes , boost inflation and fail to promote the absorbtion of immigrants .

The decision to legalize Northern and Southern opposition groupings and to allow them representation in the transitional parliament only served to increase the sense of optimism surrounding unification .
the decision to legalize northern and southern opposition groupings and to allow them representation in the transitional parliament only served to [raise] the sense of optimism surrounding unification .

Based on figures calculated for the united Yemen throughout 1990 , the budget forecast a deficit reduction of some 27 per cent during 1991 , with a 43 per cent increase in revenue and an increase in expenditure of only 10 per cent .
based on figures calculated for the united yemen throughout 1990 , the budget forecast a deficit reduction of some 27 per cent during 1991 , with a 43 per cent [raise] in revenue and an [raise] in expenditure of only 10 per cent .

In particular his concern with social benefit and social cost ( the costs of ill-health fall on the community , not just the individual ) , the view that welfare spending should be regarded as a social investment which could increase national productivity and efficiency and his technocratic approach to solving social problems are all typically Fabian .
in particular his concern with social benefit and social cost ( the costs of ill-health fall on the community , not just the individual ) , the view that welfare spending should be regarded as a social investment which could [raise] national productivity and efficiency and his technocratic approach to solving social problems are all typically fabian .

Manufacturing employment fell in Britain by over one third from 1971 to 1990 , to barely 23 per cent of all employees , with a corresponding one-third increase in the service sector .
manufacturing employment fell in britain by over one third from 1971 to 1990 , to barely 23 per cent of all employees , with a corresponding one-third [raise] in the service sector .

Companies have sought to deal with these pressures in ways which reduce their fixed overheads , increase their responsiveness to their markets and enhance their capacity to adapt and deal with change .
companies have sought to deal with these pressures in ways which reduce their fixed overheads , [raise] their responsiveness to their markets and enhance their capacity to adapt and deal with change .

Nearly 90 per cent of the overall increase in the labour force of 3.1 million between 1971 and 1990 was accounted for by the increased participation of women .
nearly 90 per cent of the overall [raise] in the labour force of 3.1 million between 1971 and 1990 was accounted for by the increased participation of women .

Additionally Britain 's high divorce rate ( 37 per cent in 1991 ) and the economic insecurity experienced by lone mothers is another incentive for women to stay in the workforce and increase their skills .
additionally britain 's high divorce rate ( 37 per cent in 1991 ) and the economic insecurity experienced by lone mothers is another incentive for women to stay in the workforce and [raise] their skills .

Changing to some form of European or American insurance system would significantly increase costs .
changing to some form of european or american insurance system would significantly [raise] costs .

The government 's answer had been to increase the responsibilities and accountability of management and put a good deal of political energy into the efficiency strategy .
the government 's answer had been to [raise] the responsibilities and accountability of management and put a good deal of political energy into the efficiency strategy .

This creates the appropriate incentives for sellers to increase their efficiency ( and reduce cost ) and improve the quality or attractiveness of their products to buyers .
this creates the appropriate incentives for sellers to [raise] their efficiency ( and reduce cost ) and improve the quality or attractiveness of their products to buyers .

If business people generate greater demand for their products through good marketing , they can increase the supply and bring in greater revenue .
if business people generate greater demand for their products through good marketing , they can [raise] the supply and bring in greater revenue .

Much of this evidential material will have an emotive quality which can help to increase motivation and interest .
much of this evidential material will have an emotive quality which can help to [raise] motivation and interest .

As the pupil progresses so the demands increase .
as the pupil progresses so the demands [raise] .

The range of books used will increase over time , but introduction of these resources needs to be planned .
the range of books used will [raise] over time , but introduction of these resources needs to be planned .

An increase in registrations for courses such as Presentation Skills , which were under-subscribed in the Autumn , was encouraging and suggested that staff were becoming more aware of the programme and that its reputation was growing .
an [raise] in registrations for courses such as presentation skills , which were under-subscribed in the autumn , was encouraging and suggested that staff were becoming more aware of the programme and that its reputation was growing .

Semester 2 interviews saw an increase in the awareness of transferable skills .
semester 2 interviews saw an [raise] in the awareness of transferable skills .

It is hoped that the number of staff involved in Academic Link will increase as the scheme becomes more widely known and its reputation grows .
it is hoped that the number of staff involved in academic link will [raise] as the scheme becomes more widely known and its reputation grows .

The Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest ( War Restrictions ) Act 1915 restricted the right of landlords of dwelling houses within defined values to increase the rent , except by the amount of any increase in rates or on account of expenditure incurred on improvements .
the [raise] of rent and mortgage interest ( war restrictions ) act 1915 restricted the right of landlords of dwelling houses within defined values to [raise] the rent , except by the amount of any [raise] in rates or on account of expenditure incurred on improvements .

Consequently , rent control was extended by the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest ( Restrictions ) Act 1920 .
consequently , rent control was extended by the [raise] of rent and mortgage interest ( restrictions ) act 1920 .

For example , a surgeon may justifiably run the risk of killing the patient if the operation is necessary to save life , whereas employers may not take a substantial risk with the lives of their workers in order to increase profits .
for example , a surgeon may justifiably run the risk of killing the patient if the operation is necessary to save life , whereas employers may not take a substantial risk with the lives of their workers in order to [raise] profits .

This is not necessarily an increase in your workload : drafting and redrafting allows lower-intensity and less stressful work than packing everything into a single and decisive act of composition .
this is not necessarily an [raise] in your workload : drafting and redrafting allows lower-intensity and less stressful work than packing everything into a single and decisive act of composition .

Also , if you have not already installed a phone system for guests , you may be able to increase your rating , and , accordingly , the room rate you charge .
also , if you have not already installed a phone system for guests , you may be able to [raise] your rating , and , accordingly , the room rate you charge .

Clearly the importance of these systems will increase in proportion to the size of an establishment and the number of employees it has .
clearly the importance of these systems will [raise] in proportion to the size of an establishment and the number of employees it has .

In today 's difficult economic climate , however , it is important to realise this potential as part of the drive to increase efficiency and improve customer service .
in today 's difficult economic climate , however , it is important to realise this potential as part of the drive to [raise] efficiency and improve customer service .

The large conservatory market has been one of the largest growth areas for the refurbishment of pubs , hotels and restaurants to increase space and to create breakfast or dining areas .
the large conservatory market has been one of the largest growth areas for the refurbishment of pubs , hotels and restaurants to [raise] space and to create breakfast or dining areas .

Another way of looking at the usefulness of tests is to evaluate the productivity of employees selected on the basis of a test , as compared with those applicants that would have been selected without the test , ( 1950 ) first demonstrated that the expected increase in output is directly proportional to the validity of a test .
another way of looking at the usefulness of tests is to evaluate the productivity of employees selected on the basis of a test , as compared with those applicants that would have been selected without the test , ( 1950 ) first demonstrated that the expected [raise] in output is directly proportional to the validity of a test .

Worker discomfort in feet , lower legs , back , neck , and shoulders all increase the longer workers are on their feet .
worker discomfort in feet , lower legs , back , neck , and shoulders all [raise] the longer workers are on their feet .

If Earl Eric was in England at this time , it may increase the likelihood that Swegen was also , for the two had collaborated in the defeat of Olaf Tryggvason , and Eric later fought for Cnut and was given the earldom of Northumbria .
if earl eric was in england at this time , it may [raise] the likelihood that swegen was also , for the two had collaborated in the defeat of olaf tryggvason , and eric later fought for cnut and was given the earldom of northumbria .

The presence of such items in a church may have been intended to increase popular respect for the monarchy .
the presence of such items in a church may have been intended to [raise] popular respect for the monarchy .

Thus , in order to increase the perceived representativeness of the National Council of the Resistance and to dilute the influence of the Communist Party within it , he insisted that all the major prewar parties  even the centrist and conservative parties which were mere phantoms in 1943  should be represented in it alongside the new resistance movements .
thus , in order to [raise] the perceived representativeness of the national council of the resistance and to dilute the influence of the communist party within it , he insisted that all the major prewar parties  even the centrist and conservative parties which were mere phantoms in 1943  should be represented in it alongside the new resistance movements .

In any case , more than a year before the attack at Petit-Clamart de Gaulle had both publicly and privately floated the idea of a constitutional modification , to increase what he called the `` personal equation `` in the president 's power .
in any case , more than a year before the attack at petit-clamart de gaulle had both publicly and privately floated the idea of a constitutional modification , to [raise] what he called the `` personal equation `` in the president 's power .

This can occur when the market environment is not competitive and when the removal of NTBs results in an increase in competition .
this can occur when the market environment is not competitive and when the removal of ntbs results in an [raise] in competition .

What is more likely is some increase in competition within an imperfectly competitive market .
what is more likely is some [raise] in competition within an imperfectly competitive market .

The increase in competition allows for considerable improvements in the effective use of inputs , and reductions in the anti-competitive practices of companies .
the [raise] in competition allows for considerable improvements in the effective use of inputs , and reductions in the anti-competitive practices of companies .

This relates to possible gains in technical efficiency arising from an increase in competition .
this relates to possible gains in technical efficiency arising from an [raise] in competition .

Participants may swim faster or indeed may sink , much depends on the willingness and abilities of firms to adjust to the increase in competition .
participants may swim faster or indeed may sink , much depends on the willingness and abilities of firms to adjust to the [raise] in competition .

Under such circumstances monopolisation would result in an increase in total surplus .
under such circumstances monopolisation would result in an [raise] in total surplus .

Fifthly , even if there are undisputed economies of scale so that there is a net increase in surplus , it can still be argued that there is a social opportunity loss .
fifthly , even if there are undisputed economies of scale so that there is a net [raise] in surplus , it can still be argued that there is a social opportunity loss .

This means that many mergers for which there have been no demonstrable advantages , but which have not been found to be overtly anti-competitive , have been allowed through , and thus contributed to the general increase in industrial concentration .
this means that many mergers for which there have been no demonstrable advantages , but which have not been found to be overtly anti-competitive , have been allowed through , and thus contributed to the general [raise] in industrial concentration .

increase employee participation , and
[raise] employee participation , and

( a ) increase the share capital by such sum to be divided into shares of such amount as the resolution may prescribe ;
( a ) [raise] the share capital by such sum to be divided into shares of such amount as the resolution may prescribe ;

If profits have been rising that will increase tax payments as the Revenue can elect to reassess the two years preceding the tax year in which the cessation takes place on an actual basis .
if profits have been rising that will [raise] tax payments as the revenue can elect to reassess the two years preceding the tax year in which the cessation takes place on an actual basis .

Before rising population and inflating prices for necessaries began to increase the burden on rate-payers from the last third of the century , the relief of the village and small-town poor seems to have been based on humane assessment of need and sufficient relief .
before rising population and inflating prices for necessaries began to [raise] the burden on rate-payers from the last third of the century , the relief of the village and small-town poor seems to have been based on humane assessment of need and sufficient relief .

No wonder the poor rates increase when people are situated in this manner .
no wonder the poor rates [raise] when people are situated in this manner .

Recently historians have been reasserting the view that the social consequences of parliamentary enclosures included a local increase in poverty .
recently historians have been reasserting the view that the social consequences of parliamentary enclosures included a local [raise] in poverty .

Before the 1790s higher spending on poor relief , although it convinced many contemporaries that the incidence of poverty was increasing , probably did not , except in particularly bad years , reflect much other than the increase in population and in food prices .
before the 1790s higher spending on poor relief , although it convinced many contemporaries that the incidence of poverty was increasing , probably did not , except in particularly bad years , reflect much other than the [raise] in population and in food prices .

Since right up until the first census in 1801 the increase in population was not generally perceived , much contemporary comment was not qualified by this relationship .
since right up until the first census in 1801 the [raise] in population was not generally perceived , much contemporary comment was not qualified by this relationship .

The sharper increase in relief expenditure once the boom of the early 1790s gave way to the food crises of the mid 1790s , with only brief respite before the hyper-crisis of 1800  1 , is unmistakable even if the wartime inflation from 1793 is taken account of .
the sharper [raise] in relief expenditure once the boom of the early 1790s gave way to the food crises of the mid 1790s , with only brief respite before the hyper-crisis of 1800  1 , is unmistakable even if the wartime inflation from 1793 is taken account of .

In some areas the birth of a child might add a shilling or more a week to the wage , leading to some pessimistic projections of runaway demographic increase , notably by followers of Thomas Malthus whose `` Essay on Population `` of 1798 was the most important ideological underpinning for the views of those who were beginning to urge a much harsher attitude towards the poor as the cost of their relief surged .
in some areas the birth of a child might add a shilling or more a week to the wage , leading to some pessimistic projections of runaway demographic [raise] , notably by followers of thomas malthus whose `` essay on population `` of 1798 was the most important ideological underpinning for the views of those who were beginning to urge a much harsher attitude towards the poor as the cost of their relief surged .

Against an overall county population increase of 22 per cent between 1672 and 1744 , the western mining parishes of Gwinear , Illogan , Gwennap , Camborne and Kenwyn and Kea all increased by more than 70 per cent ; the last named by 400 per cent , although the county as a whole was still losing part of its natural increase to out-migration .
against an overall county population [raise] of 22 per cent between 1672 and 1744 , the western mining parishes of gwinear , illogan , gwennap , camborne and kenwyn and kea all increased by more than 70 per cent ; the last named by 400 per cent , although the county as a whole was still losing part of its natural [raise] to out-migration .

Even if we multiply this by three to allow for the greater number who considered themselves adherents although they had not joined the Society , and then increase the resulting 200,000 to half a million to allow for more casual `` hearers `` , this is still not a large fraction of a population of 10 million .
even if we multiply this by three to allow for the greater number who considered themselves adherents although they had not joined the society , and then [raise] the resulting 200,000 to half a million to allow for more casual `` hearers `` , this is still not a large fraction of a population of 10 million .

The rise of spirit smuggling , gin , rum and brandy , reflects an increase in national consumption , but we do not know enough to suggest that the drinking culture was changing in the countryside and in the small towns .
the rise of spirit smuggling , gin , rum and brandy , reflects an [raise] in national consumption , but we do not know enough to suggest that the drinking culture was changing in the countryside and in the small towns .

Thereafter the accelerating rate of population growth coincided with the ending of the bounty of generally good harvests to turn the trend in the cost of living sharply upwards , while in most regions the increase in the labour force changed a labour market in which wages had generally held up for more than half a century .
thereafter the accelerating rate of population growth coincided with the ending of the bounty of generally good harvests to turn the trend in the cost of living sharply upwards , while in most regions the [raise] in the labour force changed a labour market in which wages had generally held up for more than half a century .

The kinds of productivity change which can increase output sufficiently to offset rapid population growth were becoming significant only in the early nineteenth century .
the kinds of productivity change which can [raise] output sufficiently to offset rapid population growth were becoming significant only in the early nineteenth century .

Indeed , they were sufficient to allow an increase in the labour force of about 5 per cent at constant wages .
indeed , they were sufficient to allow an [raise] in the labour force of about 5 per cent at constant wages .

This was a significant exception , but although their higher rate of natural increase and migration into the rising manufacturing districts enlarged the population of earners in the `` better-waged `` districts absolutely and proportionately , this was insufficient to prevent a fall in the national average real wage .
this was a significant exception , but although their higher rate of natural [raise] and migration into the rising manufacturing districts enlarged the population of earners in the `` better-waged `` districts absolutely and proportionately , this was insufficient to prevent a fall in the national average real wage .

As Dr Von Tunzelmann has pointed out , if the same price data are used , with the Lancashire wage data it would produce an increase in real wages from 1750 to 1780 of around 20 per cent , while with southern wage data a fall of around 15 per cent appears .
as dr von tunzelmann has pointed out , if the same price data are used , with the lancashire wage data it would produce an [raise] in real wages from 1750 to 1780 of around 20 per cent , while with southern wage data a fall of around 15 per cent appears .

The major manufacture of the area , pottery , exhibits a wide variety of skills with corresponding wage levels , but skilled male potters seem to have enjoyed an unusually rapid wage increase from the late 1760s to the early 1790s , bringing a real-wage improvement of almost 50 per cent .
the major manufacture of the area , pottery , exhibits a wide variety of skills with corresponding wage levels , but skilled male potters seem to have enjoyed an unusually rapid wage [raise] from the late 1760s to the early 1790s , bringing a real-wage improvement of almost 50 per cent .

The daily rate of hewers on the north Staffordshire coalfield advanced from 1s 5d a day to 2s 6d ( 7p to 12p ) between 1774  5 and 1789  92 , a 75 per cent increase in money wages bringing a real improvement of 60 per cent .
the daily rate of hewers on the north staffordshire coalfield advanced from 1s 5d a day to 2s 6d ( 7p to 12p ) between 1774  5 and 1789  92 , a 75 per cent [raise] in money wages bringing a real improvement of 60 per cent .

Wage information from Yorkshire is similarly supportive of the Gilboy position , suggesting a 50 per cent increase in the money wages of craftsmen and labourers in the West Riding between 1750 and 1780 and in the North Riding an increase of 100 per cent for the former and 33 per cent for the latter .
wage information from yorkshire is similarly supportive of the gilboy position , suggesting a 50 per cent [raise] in the money wages of craftsmen and labourers in the west riding between 1750 and 1780 and in the north riding an [raise] of 100 per cent for the former and 33 per cent for the latter .

Taking the evidence from those areas where industrial employment was expanding , Professor Malcolmson has accepted that they `` unquestionably experienced a general increase in real wages `` during the last third of the eighteenth century , and qualify the generally unhappy standard of living experience over the rest of the country .
taking the evidence from those areas where industrial employment was expanding , professor malcolmson has accepted that they `` unquestionably experienced a general [raise] in real wages `` during the last third of the eighteenth century , and qualify the generally unhappy standard of living experience over the rest of the country .

Further , it seems likely that although it may have been the case in the earlier nineteenth century that the proportion of the English population living in the higher-waged North increased both as a result of a higher natural rate of increase and from in-migration , in 1801 53 per cent of the population still lived south of the Severn/Wash line , while north of it counties like Herefordshire and Worcestershire were not high-waged .
further , it seems likely that although it may have been the case in the earlier nineteenth century that the proportion of the english population living in the higher-waged north increased both as a result of a higher natural rate of [raise] and from in-migration , in 1801 53 per cent of the population still lived south of the severn/wash line , while north of it counties like herefordshire and worcestershire were not high-waged .

If we take the optimistic view , we could suggest that any group of wage-earners who managed to secure a wage increase of 60 per cent can not have ended the period to any real degree worse off than they began it .
if we take the optimistic view , we could suggest that any group of wage-earners who managed to secure a wage [raise] of 60 per cent can not have ended the period to any real degree worse off than they began it .

This group benefited most from the increasing absorption of men into the Army and Navy which peaked at around 10 per cent of the adult male labour force , nullifying the effect of population increase on the labour market .
this group benefited most from the increasing absorption of men into the army and navy which peaked at around 10 per cent of the adult male labour force , nullifying the effect of population [raise] on the labour market .

Dr Horn 's assessment is that by the 1790s the southern farm labourer 's standard of living had been falling for thirty years , and that an increase of around 85 per cent in money wages over the war years kept it just about level up to 1815 .
dr horn 's assessment is that by the 1790s the southern farm labourer 's standard of living had been falling for thirty years , and that an [raise] of around 85 per cent in money wages over the war years kept it just about level up to 1815 .

This suggests a money increase in the order of 50 per cent from 1790 to 1800 .
this suggests a money [raise] in the order of 50 per cent from 1790 to 1800 .

Lead miners in the northern Pennines were earning 10s ( 50p ) a week by 1797 and 11s 6d ( 57p ) by 1815 , whereas before the war they had been earning 7s 6d ( 37p ) ; a money-wage increase of around 50 per cent over the war years seems indicated , implying a real-wage fall of about 10 per cent .
lead miners in the northern pennines were earning 10s ( 50p ) a week by 1797 and 11s 6d ( 57p ) by 1815 , whereas before the war they had been earning 7s 6d ( 37p ) ; a money-wage [raise] of around 50 per cent over the war years seems indicated , implying a real-wage fall of about 10 per cent .

Their increase in money wages had been from 21s 9d to 36s ( 1.08  1.80 ) , an increase of 66 per cent .
their [raise] in money wages had been from 21s 9d to 36s ( 1.08  1.80 ) , an [raise] of 66 per cent .

Compositors with a wage increase of 40 per cent did less well , while typefounders , oppressed by a tightly knit group of employers , were unable to secure a money increase and stayed for seventy years on 18s ( 90p ) a week , experiencing an evident decline in living standards not only in 1795 and 1800  1 , but over the last ten years of the wars .
compositors with a wage [raise] of 40 per cent did less well , while typefounders , oppressed by a tightly knit group of employers , were unable to secure a money [raise] and stayed for seventy years on 18s ( 90p ) a week , experiencing an evident decline in living standards not only in 1795 and 1800  1 , but over the last ten years of the wars .

By drawing so many men into the services , the war may also have enabled the wages of labourers to keep in touch with prices , assisted by the local increase in demand from the construction of London docks .
by drawing so many men into the services , the war may also have enabled the wages of labourers to keep in touch with prices , assisted by the local [raise] in demand from the construction of london docks .

Their wages had been regulated by act of parliament since 1773 and they were awarded an increase in 1795 .
their wages had been regulated by act of parliament since 1773 and they were awarded an [raise] in 1795 .

The creation of a currency union by encouraging a shift of resources back to the manufacturing sectors is likely to result in an increase of the average productivity growth rate of member countries and , again , in a decline of their respective natural rates of unemployment .
the creation of a currency union by encouraging a shift of resources back to the manufacturing sectors is likely to result in an [raise] of the average productivity growth rate of member countries and , again , in a decline of their respective natural rates of unemployment .

Erman and Lesser point out one potential advantage of island driving over left-to-right strategies : when more than one initial island is correct this should increase the probability of finding the correct spanning interpretation , since each island represents an alternative possible derivation of the interpretation .
erman and lesser point out one potential advantage of island driving over left-to-right strategies : when more than one initial island is correct this should [raise] the probability of finding the correct spanning interpretation , since each island represents an alternative possible derivation of the interpretation .

If we decrease the specificity of the acoustic-phonetic information , we are likely to find an increase in word boundary ambiguity , as well as an increase in homophonic strings over the same stretch of sound .
if we decrease the specificity of the acoustic-phonetic information , we are likely to find an [raise] in word boundary ambiguity , as well as an [raise] in homophonic strings over the same stretch of sound .

It can easily be seen by comparing the two sets of columns that fine-class homophones together with lack of word boundary information result in a large increase of valid words .
it can easily be seen by comparing the two sets of columns that fine-class homophones together with lack of word boundary information result in a large [raise] of valid words .

The results listed in Appendix 5 clearly show that lack of word boundary information together with acoustic-phonetic uncertainty result in a huge increase in the possible word parses of an utterance .
the results listed in appendix 5 clearly show that lack of word boundary information together with acoustic-phonetic uncertainty result in a huge [raise] in the possible word parses of an utterance .

It seemed probable that the number of word paths would increase substantially with the length of the utterance , and some of the test utterances were very long .
it seemed probable that the number of word paths would [raise] substantially with the length of the utterance , and some of the test utterances were very long .

Since the phonemes are distributed among only six categories ( approximately half the number of mid-class categories ) , there is a considerable loss of information , and one would expect an increase in the size of the equivalence sets .
since the phonemes are distributed among only six categories ( approximately half the number of mid-class categories ) , there is a considerable loss of information , and one would expect an [raise] in the size of the equivalence sets .

And this would increase exponentially if a further maximum set followed .
and this would [raise] exponentially if a further maximum set followed .

To summarize , we expect there will be homophones and over-lapping , homophonic phrases at various places in the input and that the size of such equivalence classes will increase with a decrease in the specificity of the acoustic-phonetic information .
to summarize , we expect there will be homophones and over-lapping , homophonic phrases at various places in the input and that the size of such equivalence classes will [raise] with a decrease in the specificity of the acoustic-phonetic information .

If , as this example suggests , partial word strings of more than two words are necessary to guarantee selection of the correct word-string , then the number of alternative partial word strings that has to be considered at any one time will increase correspondingly , particularly when words are hypothesized from a mid-class input .
if , as this example suggests , partial word strings of more than two words are necessary to guarantee selection of the correct word-string , then the number of alternative partial word strings that has to be considered at any one time will [raise] correspondingly , particularly when words are hypothesized from a mid-class input .

If many paths pick up additional cost at each expansion , then the cost of a path will increase with its length .
if many paths pick up additional cost at each expansion , then the cost of a path will [raise] with its length .

Thus the cost of a path can not increase , it can only stay at the same level or decrease , and the algorithm is admissible .
thus the cost of a path can not [raise] , it can only stay at the same level or decrease , and the algorithm is admissible .

 The bad effects of island driving on the long sentences were not caused by an increase in the number of false alarm seeds .
 the bad effects of island driving on the long sentences were not caused by an [raise] in the number of false alarm seeds .

The average rank of the first hit in the sequence of words for use in forming islands was 4.8 , and the rank did not increase with sentence length  For sentences 1.7 seconds or longer , instead of an increase in the number of seeds necessary to get a hit , there was an increase in the amount of storage consumed per island .
the average rank of the first hit in the sequence of words for use in forming islands was 4.8 , and the rank did not [raise] with sentence length  for sentences 1.7 seconds or longer , instead of an [raise] in the number of seeds necessary to get a hit , there was an [raise] in the amount of storage consumed per island .

The shortfall density algorithm would pursue one interpretation depth-first until it came to an area that scored less well , such as that  The cost of the path would increase to as a word from this region was incorporated , and the algorithm would backtrack to one of the apparently better extensions where the cost was .
the shortfall density algorithm would pursue one interpretation depth-first until it came to an area that scored less well , such as that  the cost of the path would [raise] to as a word from this region was incorporated , and the algorithm would backtrack to one of the apparently better extensions where the cost was .

Fuelled by an increase in business in Africa , Meridien Hotels announced a 53 per cent improvement in profits compared with previous year 's figures .
fuelled by an [raise] in business in africa , meridien hotels announced a 53 per cent improvement in profits compared with previous year 's figures .

Resort Hotels announced a pre-tax profit increase of 27 per cent for the six months to 31 October 1991 , while the Rank Organisation 's pre-tax profits slumped 20 per cent from 312 million in 1990 to 250.5 million in 1991 .
resort hotels announced a pre-tax profit [raise] of 27 per cent for the six months to 31 october 1991 , while the rank organisation 's pre-tax profits slumped 20 per cent from 312 million in 1990 to 250.5 million in 1991 .

The Commission does not expect any dramatic changes in this pattern , except for an increase in the currently low activity rates of women accompanying migrant male workers .
the commission does not expect any dramatic changes in this pattern , except for an [raise] in the currently low activity rates of women accompanying migrant male workers .

Completion of the Single European Market is expected to increase this form of labour mobility by removing legal and professional qualification barriers .
completion of the single european market is expected to [raise] this form of labour mobility by removing legal and professional qualification barriers .

And the way that food retailing is developing , the range and quality of those opportunities can only increase .
and the way that food retailing is developing , the range and quality of those opportunities can only [raise] .

The Government 's aim is to increase flexibility of delivery and make college education more cost effective .
the government 's aim is to [raise] flexibility of delivery and make college education more cost effective .

An increase in membership of the Society is vital , so to help you  sell  the idea to your classes Medau is putting even more sparkle into your life  every new member enrolled between now and 30th November ( Crystal Palace ) will be included in a free Champagne Draw  one bottle for each 100 members .
an [raise] in membership of the society is vital , so to help you  sell  the idea to your classes medau is putting even more sparkle into your life  every new member enrolled between now and 30th november ( crystal palace ) will be included in a free champagne draw  one bottle for each 100 members .

We need to work hard to promote membership of the Society , increase participation and recruit more teachers ' these will be the underlying objectives although the prime one will be the enjoyment and increased knowledge of our members .
we need to work hard to promote membership of the society , [raise] participation and recruit more teachers ' these will be the underlying objectives although the prime one will be the enjoyment and increased knowledge of our members .

Prompt response to requests would help to ease the pressure as would a concerted effort being made to increase membership .
prompt response to requests would help to ease the pressure as would a concerted effort being made to [raise] membership .

As you may already know  we have held some single premium bonds since 1966 , but would now like to amalgamate and increase this holding .
as you may already know  we have held some single premium bonds since 1966 , but would now like to amalgamate and [raise] this holding .

This year we need to show a 5 % increase but are currently 200 down on last year .
this year we need to show a 5 % [raise] but are currently 200 down on last year .

Our aim is , of course , to attract newcomers to our classes and to increase membership .
our aim is , of course , to attract newcomers to our classes and to [raise] membership .

They are your direct link to the regional Sports Councils and may be able to help you get financial or practical help for special project , particularly if these projects could lead to an increase in participation .
they are your direct link to the regional sports councils and may be able to help you get financial or practical help for special project , particularly if these projects could lead to an [raise] in participation .

The Sports Council aims to increase participation in sport during the 80's , with particular emphasis on women and the 1324 year old and 4559 year old age groups .
the sports council aims to [raise] participation in sport during the 80's , with particular emphasis on women and the 1324 year old and 4559 year old age groups .

The need to increase the number of teachers
the need to [raise] the number of teachers

The need to increase the number of trainers
the need to [raise] the number of trainers

Please inform your group secretaries and class members of this increase .
please inform your group secretaries and class members of this [raise] .

For those attached to the London course these fees show an increase on the fees paid in 1981 , but teachers are asked to realise that 3.00 or 2.50 for a full day 's training is amazing value .
for those attached to the london course these fees show an [raise] on the fees paid in 1981 , but teachers are asked to realise that 3.00 or 2.50 for a full day 's training is amazing value .

Let the movement be the initial inspiration and then work on the modulations at home , for these are what will help to increase the musicality of the piece .
let the movement be the initial inspiration and then work on the modulations at home , for these are what will help to [raise] the musicality of the piece .

The growing emphasis at both a national and institutional level on policies designed to widen and increase access to higher education has led to increased interest in recent years in the relative performance of students with non-traditional qualifications in higher education .
the growing emphasis at both a national and institutional level on policies designed to widen and [raise] access to higher education has led to increased interest in recent years in the relative performance of students with non-traditional qualifications in higher education .

Degree performance in arts and social sciences appears to increase with age , peaks in the 2630 age group , and subsequently declines .
degree performance in arts and social sciences appears to [raise] with age , peaks in the 2630 age group , and subsequently declines .

There was no corresponding increase in the Greek interest in Rome .
there was no corresponding [raise] in the greek interest in rome .

Bake spanakopitta for about 40 minutes , then increase the heat for another 5 minutes to crisp the top .
bake spanakopitta for about 40 minutes , then [raise] the heat for another 5 minutes to crisp the top .

Vegetarians who exclude fish and poultry as well as red meat , now make up 3.7 per cent of the population  an increase of 23 per cent since 1988 and 76 per cent since 1984 .
vegetarians who exclude fish and poultry as well as red meat , now make up 3.7 per cent of the population  an [raise] of 23 per cent since 1988 and 76 per cent since 1984 .

The best way is to start with a few vegetarian meals a week and gradually increase the number .
the best way is to start with a few vegetarian meals a week and gradually [raise] the number .

Increase the cooking time if you like your lamb well done .
[raise] the cooking time if you like your lamb well done .

They had been suffering trading reverses and were anxious to increase their status .
they had been suffering trading reverses and were anxious to [raise] their status .

He pointed out that the ores raised from greater depth would be at a greater expense though the Royalties would in fact increase .
he pointed out that the ores raised from greater depth would be at a greater expense though the royalties would in fact [raise] .

From this age group , the level began to increase first slowly ( infant mortality at the maternal age group 3034 was lower than in the age group 2024 ) and from age 35 more rapidly , although the mortality of infants born to women in the 3539 years old group was not much higher than in the age group 2024 which is often considered as the prime time for reproduction .
from this age group , the level began to [raise] first slowly ( infant mortality at the maternal age group 3034 was lower than in the age group 2024 ) and from age 35 more rapidly , although the mortality of infants born to women in the 3539 years old group was not much higher than in the age group 2024 which is often considered as the prime time for reproduction .

The risk of malformations seems to increase with maternal age ( Nortman , 1974 ) .
the risk of malformations seems to [raise] with maternal age ( nortman , 1974 ) .

Analysis of United States ( 197374 ) data , for example , showed an increase in congenital malformations per 100,000 live births of from about 775 at maternal ages 2529 to 1,160 at ages 35 and over ; below maternal age 20 , the rate was 800 ( Maine , 1981 ) .
analysis of united states ( 197374 ) data , for example , showed an [raise] in congenital malformations per 100,000 live births of from about 775 at maternal ages 2529 to 1,160 at ages 35 and over ; below maternal age 20 , the rate was 800 ( maine , 1981 ) .

In general , still birth ratios are lowest at four or five years spacing in most maternal age groups and increase towards both shorter and longer length of birth intervals .
in general , still birth ratios are lowest at four or five years spacing in most maternal age groups and [raise] towards both shorter and longer length of birth intervals .

Even so , the mortality rates for abortion tend generally to rise with age beginning with the 1524 class , showing among other things , a probable increase in unwanted births with age and , therefore , with rising parity .
even so , the mortality rates for abortion tend generally to rise with age beginning with the 1524 class , showing among other things , a probable [raise] in unwanted births with age and , therefore , with rising parity .

The analyst noted that , since these were first time pregnancies , the increase in complications with age could not be attributed to parity .
the analyst noted that , since these were first time pregnancies , the [raise] in complications with age could not be attributed to parity .

According to Miller & Dollard ( 1941 ) , `` The follower ( the student ) learns to model his behaviour on that of another ( the teacher ) through responding to cues of sameness , for which he is rewarded by a reduction of anxiety , and to cues of difference , which increase the strength of the anxiety drive .
according to miller & dollard ( 1941 ) , `` the follower ( the student ) learns to model his behaviour on that of another ( the teacher ) through responding to cues of sameness , for which he is rewarded by a reduction of anxiety , and to cues of difference , which [raise] the strength of the anxiety drive .

1 to give practice in preserving a stress pattern despite an increase in the number of syllables in the rhythmic group : Teacher Poll 's doll was sick , sick , sick .
1 to give practice in preserving a stress pattern despite an [raise] in the number of syllables in the rhythmic group : teacher poll 's doll was sick , sick , sick .

The church was closed for repair and restoration during the years 188789 , when the old ruinous south chapel was pulled down to make room for the present commodious aisles , the reason for this being the increase in population due to industrialisation in the village .
the church was closed for repair and restoration during the years 188789 , when the old ruinous south chapel was pulled down to make room for the present commodious aisles , the reason for this being the [raise] in population due to industrialisation in the village .

In order to increase production Chamber kilns were introduced .
in order to [raise] production chamber kilns were introduced .

The great increase in the number and size of these trees was the most striking difference in the town 's appearance .
the great [raise] in the number and size of these trees was the most striking difference in the town 's appearance .

It seems that the catalogue 's limited subject access could well have reinforced the user 's apparent preference for known-item searching and consequently may also partly account for the apparent increase in known-item searching as the user 's educational level rises .
it seems that the catalogue 's limited subject access could well have reinforced the user 's apparent preference for known-item searching and consequently may also partly account for the apparent [raise] in known-item searching as the user 's educational level rises .

The method we used leads to an increase in the computational load but a gain in simplicity .
the method we used leads to an [raise] in the computational load but a gain in simplicity .

In almost all cases this led to an increase in recall ( the ratio of the number of relevant records retrieved to the total number of relevant records in the catalogue ) without decrease in precision ( the proportion of relevant records in the retrieved set ) .
in almost all cases this led to an [raise] in recall ( the ratio of the number of relevant records retrieved to the total number of relevant records in the catalogue ) without decrease in precision ( the proportion of relevant records in the retrieved set ) .

If these `` successful `` sessions are the important ones , and if users ' expectations do not increase , it is probably not worth trying to do much more in the way of improving online catalogues .
if these `` successful `` sessions are the important ones , and if users ' expectations do not [raise] , it is probably not worth trying to do much more in the way of improving online catalogues .

Some schools have even knocked down walls to increase the space .
some schools have even knocked down walls to [raise] the space .

There may be an attempt to increase profits by so lowering the price that no profits are possible .
there may be an attempt to [raise] profits by so lowering the price that no profits are possible .

It may not be possible to spend less on promotion and to increase the market share .
it may not be possible to spend less on promotion and to [raise] the market share .

For example in trying to increase the fuel efficiency of a car we might create the following sub-problems : better fuel consumption in the cylinder ; better timing of ignition ; use of exhaust gas heat ; reduction of weight of body ; less fuel consumption for air conditioners etc .
for example in trying to [raise] the fuel efficiency of a car we might create the following sub-problems : better fuel consumption in the cylinder ; better timing of ignition ; use of exhaust gas heat ; reduction of weight of body ; less fuel consumption for air conditioners etc .

The investment required to get a small share of a market may not be very large ( in some markets ) but a great deal more investment is then required to increase this market share to the point where it is large enough to support the operation .
the investment required to get a small share of a market may not be very large ( in some markets ) but a great deal more investment is then required to [raise] this market share to the point where it is large enough to support the operation .

As we reached the more remote areas of the north where the increase of oil-related activity was in inverse proportion to our shore controls , our rummage crews found plenty of work and seizures of dutiable goods began to mount .
as we reached the more remote areas of the north where the [raise] of oil-related activity was in inverse proportion to our shore controls , our rummage crews found plenty of work and seizures of dutiable goods began to mount .

With the decline in moral standards and large profits to be made from relatively small amounts of drugs , quite easy to conceal , the increase of this evil trade was inevitable .
with the decline in moral standards and large profits to be made from relatively small amounts of drugs , quite easy to conceal , the [raise] of this evil trade was inevitable .

Now the First Law of Thermodynamics states that the increase in internal energy of a body is equal to the work done by the external forces plus the heat given to the body .
now the first law of thermodynamics states that the [raise] in internal energy of a body is equal to the work done by the external forces plus the heat given to the body .

The increase in internal energy is of two forms : kinetic and intrinsic , the latter being calculated with reference to `` a standard state of uniform temperature and zero displacement `` ( Love ) .
the [raise] in internal energy is of two forms : kinetic and intrinsic , the latter being calculated with reference to `` a standard state of uniform temperature and zero displacement `` ( love ) .

It states that the time rate of increase of material in any volume must be equal to the rate at which material is lost by flow out of the volume .
it states that the time rate of [raise] of material in any volume must be equal to the rate at which material is lost by flow out of the volume .

The increase is not a linear function of the draw ratio but is faster in polyethylene , and slower in polypropylene ( Figure 4.6 ) .
the [raise] is not a linear function of the draw ratio but is faster in polyethylene , and slower in polypropylene ( figure 4.6 ) .

The increase of modulus on drawing , on the crystalline bridge model , is then attributable to the increase in the number of crystalline bridges occurring when the material draws .
the [raise] of modulus on drawing , on the crystalline bridge model , is then attributable to the [raise] in the number of crystalline bridges occurring when the material draws .

In this analysis the aspect ratio was shown to increase as the material drew .
in this analysis the aspect ratio was shown to [raise] as the material drew .

( 1976 ) also use the Halpin-Tsai formalism in a discussion of the increase of modulus on extrusion .
( 1976 ) also use the halpin-tsai formalism in a discussion of the [raise] of modulus on extrusion .

If misalignment is present , however , the first effect of the load is to `` pull the specimen straight `` and the period will then increase dramatically with end load .
if misalignment is present , however , the first effect of the load is to `` pull the specimen straight `` and the period will then [raise] dramatically with end load .

There was an increase in the price of goods that the Third World imported , more exports , therefore , were needed to be able to afford the same amount of imports .
there was an [raise] in the price of goods that the third world imported , more exports , therefore , were needed to be able to afford the same amount of imports .

Nicky now has 138 members and hoping to increase this .
nicky now has 138 members and hoping to [raise] this .

The early component of the meal stimulated increase in contractile activity is thought to be neurally mediated and the late component is thought to be hormonally mediated .
the early component of the meal stimulated [raise] in contractile activity is thought to be neurally mediated and the late component is thought to be hormonally mediated .

One recent paper showed that cholinergic stimulation does not evokes this kind of propagated activity , although it does increase segmental contractions .
one recent paper showed that cholinergic stimulation does not evokes this kind of propagated activity , although it does [raise] segmental contractions .

On the evidence of this study it is unlikely that any relative risk could be as large as twofold , but we can not discount a 50 % increase in risk .
on the evidence of this study it is unlikely that any relative risk could be as large as twofold , but we can not discount a 50 % [raise] in risk .

In patients with isolated proctitis , there was an eightfold increase of the mean myeloperoxidase concentration in the rectal segment ( < 0.001 ) and a twofold increase in the sigmoid segment ( Table ) .
in patients with isolated proctitis , there was an eightfold [raise] of the mean myeloperoxidase concentration in the rectal segment ( < 0.001 ) and a twofold [raise] in the sigmoid segment ( table ) .

The severalfold increase of the local release of myeloperoxidase in patients should reflect the increased neutrophil accumulation/activity in the inflamed colonic-rectal mucosa .
the severalfold [raise] of the local release of myeloperoxidase in patients should reflect the increased neutrophil accumulation/activity in the inflamed colonic-rectal mucosa .

After bowel resection , crypt cell proliferative activity increases , resulting in increased functional enterocyte numbers , which are accommodated by an increase of villus height .
after bowel resection , crypt cell proliferative activity increases , resulting in increased functional enterocyte numbers , which are accommodated by an [raise] of villus height .

Swallowed saliva is now regarded as an important mechanism for neutralising acid within the oesophageal lumen and esophageal pH exhibits an incremental increase with repeated swallows .
swallowed saliva is now regarded as an important mechanism for neutralising acid within the oesophageal lumen and esophageal ph exhibits an incremental [raise] with repeated swallows .

Williamson and Rainey ( among others ) have proposed that conditions which increase intestinal cell proliferation also protentiate intestinal carcinogenesis .
williamson and rainey ( among others ) have proposed that conditions which [raise] intestinal cell proliferation also protentiate intestinal carcinogenesis .

The increase in pancreatic lysosomal fragility could result from a direct effect of ethanol on lysosomal membranes .
the [raise] in pancreatic lysosomal fragility could result from a direct effect of ethanol on lysosomal membranes .

The concentrations of cholesteryl ester seen to increase lysosomal fragility in vitro ( 15 and 20 mM ) were greater than those observed in the rat pancreas in vivo ( 5 mM ) .
the concentrations of cholesteryl ester seen to [raise] lysosomal fragility in vitro ( 15 and 20 mm ) were greater than those observed in the rat pancreas in vivo ( 5 mm ) .

Chronic ethanol administration to rodents has been shown to increase the cholesteryl ester content and to decrease the microviscosity of hepatic plasma membranes .
chronic ethanol administration to rodents has been shown to [raise] the cholesteryl ester content and to decrease the microviscosity of hepatic plasma membranes .

Furthermore , chronic ethanol consumption has recently been shown to increase the synthesis of pancreatic digestive enzymes and ethanol and acetaldehyde have been shown to inhibit pancreatic exocrine secretion .
furthermore , chronic ethanol consumption has recently been shown to [raise] the synthesis of pancreatic digestive enzymes and ethanol and acetaldehyde have been shown to inhibit pancreatic exocrine secretion .

The possibility that relative antral hypoacidity induced by regular smoking produces an increase in parietal cell mass via a feedback mechanism mediated by gastrin is discussed : such a mechanism would explain the previously reported positive correlation between maximal gastric secretion of acid and the total dose of cigarettes .
the possibility that relative antral hypoacidity induced by regular smoking produces an [raise] in parietal cell mass via a feedback mechanism mediated by gastrin is discussed : such a mechanism would explain the previously reported positive correlation between maximal gastric secretion of acid and the total dose of cigarettes .

This increase in gastric secretion showed a positive correlation to the total number of cigarettes smoked .
this [raise] in gastric secretion showed a positive correlation to the total number of cigarettes smoked .

Chronic nicotine administration to rats in a dose equivalent to a daily consumption of 1015 ciragettes a day produced a significant increase in basal gastric secretion .
chronic nicotine administration to rats in a dose equivalent to a daily consumption of 1015 ciragettes a day produced a significant [raise] in basal gastric secretion .

It has now been shown by several laboratories that ingestion of fibre causes an increase in cellular proliferation in the colon of rats .
it has now been shown by several laboratories that ingestion of fibre causes an [raise] in cellular proliferation in the colon of rats .

Although increased cellular proliferation does not necessarily relate to carcinogenesis , some researchers have suggested the use of increased cellular proliferation as a marker of cancer risk in man and since some dietary fibres have been shown to increase colonic cellular proliferation and to increase tumour yield in nimal models of colon cancer the effect of fermentable fibre on cellular proliferation may be a cause of concern .
although increased cellular proliferation does not necessarily relate to carcinogenesis , some researchers have suggested the use of increased cellular proliferation as a marker of cancer risk in man and since some dietary fibres have been shown to [raise] colonic cellular proliferation and to [raise] tumour yield in nimal models of colon cancer the effect of fermentable fibre on cellular proliferation may be a cause of concern .

In this study we have shown that long term ( 18 months ) ingestion of 133 g/kg dietary fibre resulted in a modest but significant increase in cellular proliferation in the crypts of the proximal colon but not the distal colon of the rat compared with an intake of 17 g/kg dietary fibre .
in this study we have shown that long term ( 18 months ) ingestion of 133 g/kg dietary fibre resulted in a modest but significant [raise] in cellular proliferation in the crypts of the proximal colon but not the distal colon of the rat compared with an intake of 17 g/kg dietary fibre .

Small and undetectable numbers of sulphate reducing bacteria may have been present , unable to increase rapidly enough to be detected during the short period of this study .
small and undetectable numbers of sulphate reducing bacteria may have been present , unable to [raise] rapidly enough to be detected during the short period of this study .

Their consumption may increase sulphate ingestion naturally to quite high amounts .
their consumption may [raise] sulphate ingestion naturally to quite high amounts .

After eating , although intraluminal pressure does not increase appreciably , the number of high amplitude propagating contractions increases .
after eating , although intraluminal pressure does not [raise] appreciably , the number of high amplitude propagating contractions increases .

Moreover , there was no postprandial increase in segmenting colonic pressure activity , no propagating contractions , and no postprandial transit of marker .
moreover , there was no postprandial [raise] in segmenting colonic pressure activity , no propagating contractions , and no postprandial transit of marker .

Early studies showed decreased segmenting pressure activity in this disease with absence of the normal postprandial pressure response although the normal postprandial increase in myoelectrical spike activity was retained , suggesting some sort of electromechanical dissociation .
early studies showed decreased segmenting pressure activity in this disease with absence of the normal postprandial pressure response although the normal postprandial [raise] in myoelectrical spike activity was retained , suggesting some sort of electromechanical dissociation .

The effects of carbachol and gastrin on acid secretion seem to be mediated via an increase in intracellular calcium , achieved partly , as in many cell types , by inducing inositol phosphate turnover .
the effects of carbachol and gastrin on acid secretion seem to be mediated via an [raise] in intracellular calcium , achieved partly , as in many cell types , by inducing inositol phosphate turnover .

Those in the diet group were asked both to reduce their intake of refined carbohydrates and to increase their dietary fibre by substituting high for low fibre products and by taking supplements of standardised wheat bran ( three or four 7.5 g sachets of Prewett 's coarse wheat bran ) .
those in the diet group were asked both to reduce their intake of refined carbohydrates and to [raise] their dietary fibre by substituting high for low fibre products and by taking supplements of standardised wheat bran ( three or four 7.5 g sachets of prewett 's coarse wheat bran ) .

The present and other results suggest that there is a linear increase in cumulative recurrence rates with time ( about 1015% per annum ) until the plateau is reached . If so , how can we reconcile this with the finding that patients stone free for >nine months before joining the study , represent a  protected  subgroup at low risk for recurrence ?
the present and other results suggest that there is a linear [raise] in cumulative recurrence rates with time ( about 1015% per annum ) until the plateau is reached . if so , how can we reconcile this with the finding that patients stone free for >nine months before joining the study , represent a  protected  subgroup at low risk for recurrence ?

Legume seeds , however , which are high fibre foods may actually increase biliary cholesterol saturation and probably predispose to gall stone formation .
legume seeds , however , which are high fibre foods may actually [raise] biliary cholesterol saturation and probably predispose to gall stone formation .

Finally , King et al , have pointed out a trophic effect of the dietary nitrogen value on mucosal growth , triggering off an increase in villus height .
finally , king et al , have pointed out a trophic effect of the dietary nitrogen value on mucosal growth , triggering off an [raise] in villus height .

In contrast , there was an increase from 2.8 to 5.2/100000 of tumours of the cardia .
in contrast , there was an [raise] from 2.8 to 5.2/100000 of tumours of the cardia .

Although the incidence of gastric cancer is declining worldwide , especially in the developed countries of North America , Europe , and Japan , there have been several recent reports showing that there has been an increase in carcinomas of the cardia compared with carcinomas in the antrum .
although the incidence of gastric cancer is declining worldwide , especially in the developed countries of north america , europe , and japan , there have been several recent reports showing that there has been an [raise] in carcinomas of the cardia compared with carcinomas in the antrum .

The reasons for the apparent change in relative incidence at different sites are poorly understood and there is controversy about whether the increase of cardia cancer represents an absolute increment or whether the apparent increase is related to a decreased incidence of antral tumours .
the reasons for the apparent change in relative incidence at different sites are poorly understood and there is controversy about whether the [raise] of cardia cancer represents an absolute increment or whether the apparent [raise] is related to a decreased incidence of antral tumours .

This could be relative to a dramatic decrease in antral tumours but a number of studies , including the present one , suggest that the increase in proximal lesions is absolute .
this could be relative to a dramatic decrease in antral tumours but a number of studies , including the present one , suggest that the [raise] in proximal lesions is absolute .

The increase was particularly seen in males with a rise in the male : female ratio from 3.1:1 to 3.7:1 .
the [raise] was particularly seen in males with a rise in the male : female ratio from 3.1:1 to 3.7:1 .

Thus , the marked increase in tumours of the cardia may relate to past smoking habits , and may represent a cohort phenomenon as smoking increased between 1915 and 1950 .
thus , the marked [raise] in tumours of the cardia may relate to past smoking habits , and may represent a cohort phenomenon as smoking increased between 1915 and 1950 .

There was an increase of one grade in two patients .
there was an [raise] of one grade in two patients .

The most striking finding in plasma fatty acid profile in ulcerative colitis patients was the marked increase in n3 polyunsaturated fatty acids , both the essential precursor ( -linolenic acid ( C18:3n3 ) ) and the end product ( docosahexaenoic acid ( C22:6n3 ) ) .
the most striking finding in plasma fatty acid profile in ulcerative colitis patients was the marked [raise] in n3 polyunsaturated fatty acids , both the essential precursor ( -linolenic acid ( c18:3n3 ) ) and the end product ( docosahexaenoic acid ( c22:6n3 ) ) .

The decrease in plasma long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids associated to the increase of disease activity , was more marked int he n6 series ( arachidonic and dihomo-t > -linolenic acid ) , especially in ulcerative colitis .
the decrease in plasma long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids associated to the [raise] of disease activity , was more marked int he n6 series ( arachidonic and dihomo-t > -linolenic acid ) , especially in ulcerative colitis .

The finding of high plasma n3 polyunsaturated fatty acids concentrations would support the first part of this hypothesis ; that is , the increase in polyunsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis .
the finding of high plasma n3 polyunsaturated fatty acids concentrations would support the first part of this hypothesis ; that is , the [raise] in polyunsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis .

We studied the effect of octreotide administered in a dose of 50 g on the sphincter of Oddi using endoscopic manometry in seven patients and found that this hormone increase basal pressure and the frequency of phasic wave contractions appreciably ( submitted for publication ) .
we studied the effect of octreotide administered in a dose of 50 g on the sphincter of oddi using endoscopic manometry in seven patients and found that this hormone [raise] basal pressure and the frequency of phasic wave contractions appreciably ( submitted for publication ) .

went through the Revenue Account and the Balance Sheet for the year ended 31st December 1992 , which were printed on pages 13 and 14 of The Embalmer , Vol.36 , No 2 , Spring 1993 and the Finance Report printed on page 11. drew the attention of the Members to the growth in the number of registered students from 186 in June 1988 to 380 at present , and the consequent increase in registration fee income .
went through the revenue account and the balance sheet for the year ended 31st december 1992 , which were printed on pages 13 and 14 of the embalmer , vol.36 , no 2 , spring 1993 and the finance report printed on page 11. drew the attention of the members to the growth in the number of registered students from 186 in june 1988 to 380 at present , and the consequent [raise] in registration fee income .

The annual subscription would increase from overseas to the full membership rate .
the annual subscription would [raise] from overseas to the full membership rate .

There are lots of fluids out there , they are there for the embalmer to increase his expertise and to help him make his cases better , the chemical companies give technical support and do a lot of research into their products .
there are lots of fluids out there , they are there for the embalmer to [raise] his expertise and to help him make his cases better , the chemical companies give technical support and do a lot of research into their products .

Our finding is similar to that of Simmonds et al who also showed an increase in chemiluminescence in ulcerative colitis .
our finding is similar to that of simmonds et al who also showed an [raise] in chemiluminescence in ulcerative colitis .

This increase in chemiluminescence is not specific to ulcerative colitis in itself as we have also shown that inflammation of the colon from other causes will also increase chemiluminescence .
this [raise] in chemiluminescence is not specific to ulcerative colitis in itself as we have also shown that inflammation of the colon from other causes will also [raise] chemiluminescence .

For example , we showed that colonic inflammation induced in rats by acetic acid or by mitomycin-c is also associated with an increase in chemiluminescence .
for example , we showed that colonic inflammation induced in rats by acetic acid or by mitomycin-c is also associated with an [raise] in chemiluminescence .

Luminal free fatty acids and bile acids may damage the colonic epithelium and stimulate proliferation , which may increase the risk of colon cancer .
luminal free fatty acids and bile acids may damage the colonic epithelium and stimulate proliferation , which may [raise] the risk of colon cancer .

These hydrophobic surfactantsmay damage colonic epithelial cells and consequently stimulate the proliferation of colonic crypt cells , which may increase the risk of colon cancer .
these hydrophobic surfactantsmay damage colonic epithelial cells and consequently stimulate the proliferation of colonic crypt cells , which may [raise] the risk of colon cancer .

Supplemental dietary calcium did not increase the concentrations of soluble calcium ( Fig 5 ) , notwithstanding the large increase in total faecal calcium .
supplemental dietary calcium did not [raise] the concentrations of soluble calcium ( fig 5 ) , notwithstanding the large [raise] in total faecal calcium .

Dietary supplementation with calcium carbonate did not increase the soluble calcium concentrations along the intestine and in the faeces ( Figs 1 and 5 ) , notwithstanding the large increase in the total faecal calcium concentrations ( Figs 1 and 3 ) .
dietary supplementation with calcium carbonate did not [raise] the soluble calcium concentrations along the intestine and in the faeces ( figs 1 and 5 ) , notwithstanding the large [raise] in the total faecal calcium concentrations ( figs 1 and 3 ) .

Our results indicate that this effect of phosphate is confined to the proximal small intestine because increased dietary phosphate did not significantly increase the solubility of fatty acids in the ileum , colon , and faeces ( Fig 2 ) .
our results indicate that this effect of phosphate is confined to the proximal small intestine because increased dietary phosphate did not significantly [raise] the solubility of fatty acids in the ileum , colon , and faeces ( fig 2 ) .

Such a mechanism seems unlikely because platelet activating factor precursors increase under pentagastrin infusion .
such a mechanism seems unlikely because platelet activating factor precursors [raise] under pentagastrin infusion .

Sucralfate ( 200 mg/kg ) caused a significant reduction ( by about 50 % ) in the number and area of gastric lesions and a significant increase in gastric blood flow above that obtained in vehicle treated controls .
sucralfate ( 200 mg/kg ) caused a significant reduction ( by about 50 % ) in the number and area of gastric lesions and a significant [raise] in gastric blood flow above that obtained in vehicle treated controls .

This was probably due to the stimulation of mucosal defence mechanisms and to the increase in mucosal blood flow that has been recognised previously and attributed recently to the formation of nitric oxide , a potent locally acting vasorelaxing factor .
this was probably due to the stimulation of mucosal defence mechanisms and to the [raise] in mucosal blood flow that has been recognised previously and attributed recently to the formation of nitric oxide , a potent locally acting vasorelaxing factor .

In contrast , a sustained increase in bowel frequency was noted in 12 of 17 unselected women who had received pelvic radiotherapy for gynaecological malignancy 126 years previously .
in contrast , a sustained [raise] in bowel frequency was noted in 12 of 17 unselected women who had received pelvic radiotherapy for gynaecological malignancy 126 years previously .

Fractionated doses of abdominal radiation increase the frequency of giant migrating contractions and retrograde giant contractions .
fractionated doses of abdominal radiation [raise] the frequency of giant migrating contractions and retrograde giant contractions .

Plasma concentrations of loperamide after oral administration of loperamide-oxide are twofold lower than the equivalent oral doses of loperamide , resulting in a twofold increase in the already high safety margin of loperamide .
plasma concentrations of loperamide after oral administration of loperamide-oxide are twofold lower than the equivalent oral doses of loperamide , resulting in a twofold [raise] in the already high safety margin of loperamide .

Superoxide and hydrogen peroxide increase mucosal and vascular permeability , are involved in the recruitment and activation of neutrophils , and are precursors of the more damaging hydroxyl radical ( via Fenton chemistry ) and hypochlorite ( via the action of myeloperoxidase released by activated neurtophils ) .
superoxide and hydrogen peroxide [raise] mucosal and vascular permeability , are involved in the recruitment and activation of neutrophils , and are precursors of the more damaging hydroxyl radical ( via fenton chemistry ) and hypochlorite ( via the action of myeloperoxidase released by activated neurtophils ) .

Bethanechol produced a dose dependent increase in intraluminal gall bladder pressure in animals treated with saline ( Fig 5 ) .
bethanechol produced a dose dependent [raise] in intraluminal gall bladder pressure in animals treated with saline ( fig 5 ) .

Helicobacter pylori related hypergastrinaemia is the result of a selective increase in gastrin 17
helicobacter pylori related hypergastrinaemia is the result of a selective [raise] in gastrin 17

These bursts of repetitive non-sequential pressure peaks did not show any characteristics that would suggest a common cavity phenomenon ; they were not preceded by a sudden small increase in base line oesophageal pressure occurring simultaneously at different levels of the oesophagus ; and the shape of the individual waves , although occurring simultaneously at different levels of the oesophagus , was often different from one level to the other .
these bursts of repetitive non-sequential pressure peaks did not show any characteristics that would suggest a common cavity phenomenon ; they were not preceded by a sudden small [raise] in base line oesophageal pressure occurring simultaneously at different levels of the oesophagus ; and the shape of the individual waves , although occurring simultaneously at different levels of the oesophagus , was often different from one level to the other .

Hirschowitz et al infused 10 , 20 , and 40 ml of alcohol intravenously for thirty minutes and found a pronounced and dose dependent increase in acid secretion .
hirschowitz et al infused 10 , 20 , and 40 ml of alcohol intravenously for thirty minutes and found a pronounced and dose dependent [raise] in acid secretion .

Demol et al found a 2.2-fold increase in output of gastric acid on infusion of 300 mg/kg of ethanol for 30 minutes followed by continuous infusion of 3 mg/kg/min for two hours .
demol et al found a 2.2-fold [raise] in output of gastric acid on infusion of 300 mg/kg of ethanol for 30 minutes followed by continuous infusion of 3 mg/kg/min for two hours .

Interestingly , Klbel et al , who used a higher initial dose of 600 mg/kg ethanol , found only a 55 % increase in acid secretion .
interestingly , klbel et al , who used a higher initial dose of 600 mg/kg ethanol , found only a 55 % [raise] in acid secretion .

If a dose dependent increase in gastric acid secretion occurs in response to intravenous infusion of ethanol it must be in the lower dose range .
if a dose dependent [raise] in gastric acid secretion occurs in response to intravenous infusion of ethanol it must be in the lower dose range .

This was attributed to increase in mean parietal cell mass , a threefold increase in mean parietal cell volume accompanied by mitochondrial hypertrophy , and a pronounced increase in the secretory tubular apparatus of the parietal cells .
this was attributed to [raise] in mean parietal cell mass , a threefold [raise] in mean parietal cell volume accompanied by mitochondrial hypertrophy , and a pronounced [raise] in the secretory tubular apparatus of the parietal cells .

One patient had ileal ( by barium follow through ) and rectal Crohn 's disease , one had an ileal vascular malformation ( showed by angiography and at laparotomy ) and one had Ehlers-Danlos syndrome with a slight increase in chromium labelled red cell loss ( though he also took aspirin ) .
one patient had ileal ( by barium follow through ) and rectal crohn 's disease , one had an ileal vascular malformation ( showed by angiography and at laparotomy ) and one had ehlers-danlos syndrome with a slight [raise] in chromium labelled red cell loss ( though he also took aspirin ) .

In the group receiving oxygen there was a mean saturation of 95.4 % before gastroscopy and 97.5 % during the procedure when the oxygen was being given  this represents a significant increase ( p < 0.001 ; 95 % confidence intervals ( CIs ) for the difference between the means : 1.47 to 2.73 ) .
in the group receiving oxygen there was a mean saturation of 95.4 % before gastroscopy and 97.5 % during the procedure when the oxygen was being given  this represents a significant [raise] ( p < 0.001 ; 95 % confidence intervals ( cis ) for the difference between the means : 1.47 to 2.73 ) .

Constipation develops gradually in some children as a result of a progressive decrease in the frequency of bowel movements and a progressive increase in the difficulties in passing an excessively firm stool .
constipation develops gradually in some children as a result of a progressive decrease in the frequency of bowel movements and a progressive [raise] in the difficulties in passing an excessively firm stool .

Postfundoplication increase of flatus , bloating , or epigastric pain was assessed by the patient as none , mild , moderate , or severe .
postfundoplication [raise] of flatus , bloating , or epigastric pain was assessed by the patient as none , mild , moderate , or severe .

The 29 % after 20 years in this series implies further increase with time , but with less upward slope of the curve .
the 29 % after 20 years in this series implies further [raise] with time , but with less upward slope of the curve .

The slight increase of residual activity associated with Barrett 's oesophagus may have been partly a result of the uptake of isotype by the Barrett mucosa , and this residual activity did not interfere with calculation of the transit indices .
the slight [raise] of residual activity associated with barrett 's oesophagus may have been partly a result of the uptake of isotype by the barrett mucosa , and this residual activity did not interfere with calculation of the transit indices .

The increase concentrations of fibrin degradation products and concommitant reductions in the concentrations of plasminogen and fibrinogen in ascites compared with plasma , has provided indirect evidence that ascitic fluid posseses fibrinolytic properties .
the [raise] concentrations of fibrin degradation products and concommitant reductions in the concentrations of plasminogen and fibrinogen in ascites compared with plasma , has provided indirect evidence that ascitic fluid posseses fibrinolytic properties .

Gastritis with atrophy and the consequent loss of acid mediated inhibition of gastrin release contributes most to this increase .
gastritis with atrophy and the consequent loss of acid mediated inhibition of gastrin release contributes most to this [raise] .

The cisapride induced increase in oesophageal contractile force and propagation velocity seems to enhance the clearance of gastrooesophageal reflux .
the cisapride induced [raise] in oesophageal contractile force and propagation velocity seems to enhance the clearance of gastrooesophageal reflux .

Compared with ranitidine , the addition of cisapride led to an increase of contraction amplitude during the upright period ( from 28.0 ( 1454 ) mm Hg to 32.5 ( 1356 ) mm Hg , p < 0.05 ) , and the postprandial periods after breakfast ( from 27.0 ( 1456 ) mm Hg to 33.5 ( 1272 ) mm Hg , p < 0.05 ) and lunch ( from 27.9 ( 1544 ) mm Hg to 35.5 ( 1946 ) mm Hg , p < 0.05 ) .
compared with ranitidine , the addition of cisapride led to an [raise] of contraction amplitude during the upright period ( from 28.0 ( 1454 ) mm hg to 32.5 ( 1356 ) mm hg , p < 0.05 ) , and the postprandial periods after breakfast ( from 27.0 ( 1456 ) mm hg to 33.5 ( 1272 ) mm hg , p < 0.05 ) and lunch ( from 27.9 ( 1544 ) mm hg to 35.5 ( 1946 ) mm hg , p < 0.05 ) .

The addition of cisapride led to a significant increase of median contraction amplitude and duration , but only in the mid and distal oesophagus .
the addition of cisapride led to a significant [raise] of median contraction amplitude and duration , but only in the mid and distal oesophagus .

As cisapride increased both contraction amplitude and duration , the significant increase found in the area under the pressure curve could be expected .
as cisapride increased both contraction amplitude and duration , the significant [raise] found in the area under the pressure curve could be expected .

They confirm the reports from short term stationary manometry studies indicating an increase of contraction amplitude and duration after intravenous injection of cisapride .
they confirm the reports from short term stationary manometry studies indicating an [raise] of contraction amplitude and duration after intravenous injection of cisapride .

On the other hand , the increase found in the contractile force of the oesophageal body together with an accelerated propagation of the contraction waves may be responsible for the acceleration of acid clearance .
on the other hand , the [raise] found in the contractile force of the oesophageal body together with an accelerated propagation of the contraction waves may be responsible for the acceleration of acid clearance .

In the fundus and corpus of the stomach an increase in superficial vascular pattern was visible .
in the fundus and corpus of the stomach an [raise] in superficial vascular pattern was visible .

Thirdly , the improvement in peristaltic amplitudes was associated with a significant increase in the duration of contraction raising the possibility that it simply reflected a response to a degree of obstruction at the level of the lower oesophageal sphincter .
thirdly , the improvement in peristaltic amplitudes was associated with a significant [raise] in the duration of contraction raising the possibility that it simply reflected a response to a degree of obstruction at the level of the lower oesophageal sphincter .

Fundoplication may place a degree of stretch on the smooth muscle of the body of the oesophagus and could thus increase the amplitude of contractions .
fundoplication may place a degree of stretch on the smooth muscle of the body of the oesophagus and could thus [raise] the amplitude of contractions .

Gastrin is thought to actually increase the lower oesophageal sphincter pressure and therefore any effects caused by this factor would not have materially changed the results of our study .
gastrin is thought to actually [raise] the lower oesophageal sphincter pressure and therefore any effects caused by this factor would not have materially changed the results of our study .

The colon weight/body weight ratio was calculated as an increase in this ratio has been shown to be an accurate marker of colonic inflammation .
the colon weight/body weight ratio was calculated as an [raise] in this ratio has been shown to be an accurate marker of colonic inflammation .

An increase in the cholesterol/ phospholipids ratio has a very potent nucleating effect and shortens the nucleation time of model and human biles , whereas a decrease in the cholesterol/phospholipids ratio has an opposite effect .
an [raise] in the cholesterol/ phospholipids ratio has a very potent nucleating effect and shortens the nucleation time of model and human biles , whereas a decrease in the cholesterol/phospholipids ratio has an opposite effect .

Carcinogenesis in the human colon is associated with a marked increase of urokinase type plasminogen activator and a decrease of tissue type plasminogen activator .
carcinogenesis in the human colon is associated with a marked [raise] of urokinase type plasminogen activator and a decrease of tissue type plasminogen activator .

The antigen and activity concentrations of both plasminogen activators in normal tissue showed a steady increase going from squamous oesophagus to the stomach and duodenum .
the antigen and activity concentrations of both plasminogen activators in normal tissue showed a steady [raise] going from squamous oesophagus to the stomach and duodenum .

Urokinase type plasminogen activator antigen in carcinomas showed a six to seven fold increase in the stomach and a more than 13 fold higher concentration in oesophageal tissue compared with normal mucosa .
urokinase type plasminogen activator antigen in carcinomas showed a six to seven fold [raise] in the stomach and a more than 13 fold higher concentration in oesophageal tissue compared with normal mucosa .

The increase of tissue type plasminogen activator antigen and activity in normal duodenal mucosa might be caused by a different vascularisation of the mucosa of this tissue , because tissue type plasminogen activator is expressed mainly in endothelial cells of vessels .
the [raise] of tissue type plasminogen activator antigen and activity in normal duodenal mucosa might be caused by a different vascularisation of the mucosa of this tissue , because tissue type plasminogen activator is expressed mainly in endothelial cells of vessels .

In the normal mucosa of patients with a carcinoma a similar increase in urokinase type plasminogen activator and tissue type plasminogen activator from oesophagus to stomach was observed as in controls .
in the normal mucosa of patients with a carcinoma a similar [raise] in urokinase type plasminogen activator and tissue type plasminogen activator from oesophagus to stomach was observed as in controls .

In an immunohistochemical study of squamous cervic epithelia with dysplasia and ( pre ) invasive squamous cell carcinoma an increase in tissue type plasminogen activator concentration has been reported throughout the whole thickness of the epithelium .
in an immunohistochemical study of squamous cervic epithelia with dysplasia and ( pre ) invasive squamous cell carcinoma an [raise] in tissue type plasminogen activator concentration has been reported throughout the whole thickness of the epithelium .

In contrast with the study of Takai et al the division of gastric cancer tissues into groups with different differentiation grades did not show a significant increase of plasminogen activator activities in well differentiated carcinomas .
in contrast with the study of takai et al the division of gastric cancer tissues into groups with different differentiation grades did not show a significant [raise] of plasminogen activator activities in well differentiated carcinomas .

Our data and previous studies indicate that the presence of ascites is related to the magnitude of the increase in portal pressure .
our data and previous studies indicate that the presence of ascites is related to the magnitude of the [raise] in portal pressure .

In addition , splanchnic vasodilation , which results in increased portal inflow , may contribute to increase portal pressure , specially when the hepatic vascular resistance is increased .
in addition , splanchnic vasodilation , which results in increased portal inflow , may contribute to [raise] portal pressure , specially when the hepatic vascular resistance is increased .

If a comparable relationship between protein synthesis in colonic mucosa and in the whole body existed in man , then colonic protein synthesis would have to increase by a factor of 80 to account for a doubling of whole body protein synthesis .
if a comparable relationship between protein synthesis in colonic mucosa and in the whole body existed in man , then colonic protein synthesis would have to [raise] by a factor of 80 to account for a doubling of whole body protein synthesis .

As the increase in synthesis in rectal mucosa from patients with inflammatory bowel disease was very much less than this , the increase in whole body protein turnover in such patients is not solely because of an increase in colonic protein synthesis .
as the [raise] in synthesis in rectal mucosa from patients with inflammatory bowel disease was very much less than this , the [raise] in whole body protein turnover in such patients is not solely because of an [raise] in colonic protein synthesis .

Could this increase in liver protein synthesis , however , account for the increase in whole body protein synthesis that Powell-Tuck et al reported in their series of patients ?
could this [raise] in liver protein synthesis , however , account for the [raise] in whole body protein synthesis that powell-tuck et al reported in their series of patients ?

If similar figures were applied to man , then clearly an increase of only 43 % in liver protein synthesis would not account for the reported increases in whole body protein synthesis .
if similar figures were applied to man , then clearly an [raise] of only 43 % in liver protein synthesis would not account for the reported increases in whole body protein synthesis .

There is a rapid and immediate increase in the risk of dying shortly after the index bleed .
there is a rapid and immediate [raise] in the risk of dying shortly after the index bleed .

The rationale for the initial four week course was to decrease viral replication and increase inflammatory activity before the start of the longterm course , thereby enhancing the possibility of response to therapy .
the rationale for the initial four week course was to decrease viral replication and [raise] inflammatory activity before the start of the longterm course , thereby enhancing the possibility of response to therapy .

There was a statistically significant increase in the number of immunoglobulin secreting cells from day 1 to day 8 in patients with positive clinical reaction to challenge ( Fig 1 ) .
there was a statistically significant [raise] in the number of immunoglobulin secreting cells from day 1 to day 8 in patients with positive clinical reaction to challenge ( fig 1 ) .

Furthermore , dietary manipulation studies have shown that high fat intake can increase faecal bile acid excretion .
furthermore , dietary manipulation studies have shown that high fat intake can [raise] faecal bile acid excretion .

Only one of four studies in polyps has shown any increase in faecal bile acid excretion in this group .
only one of four studies in polyps has shown any [raise] in faecal bile acid excretion in this group .

More recently Hill and Owen , unable to show their previous findings of a significant increase in faecal bile acid excretion , have proposed instead that the ratio of lithocholic acid : deoxycholic acid and lithocholic acid : deoxycholic acidtotal faecal bile acid concentration may be important markers in patients with colorectal cancer .
more recently hill and owen , unable to show their previous findings of a significant [raise] in faecal bile acid excretion , have proposed instead that the ratio of lithocholic acid : deoxycholic acid and lithocholic acid : deoxycholic acidtotal faecal bile acid concentration may be important markers in patients with colorectal cancer .

Earlier studies with cholera toxin in man revealed an increase in stool frequency and volume , and intestinal secretion after administration of various preparations of cholera toxin .
earlier studies with cholera toxin in man revealed an [raise] in stool frequency and volume , and intestinal secretion after administration of various preparations of cholera toxin .

Nonetheless , some studies have suggested that there is an increase in bile secretion as part of the cephalic phase .
nonetheless , some studies have suggested that there is an [raise] in bile secretion as part of the cephalic phase .

Despite the increased total intra epithelial lymphocyte count , there was no corresponding increase in the absolute number of -interferon expressing intra epithelial lymphocytes in coeliac patients with abnormal histology ( Table , Fig 2 ) .
despite the increased total intra epithelial lymphocyte count , there was no corresponding [raise] in the absolute number of -interferon expressing intra epithelial lymphocytes in coeliac patients with abnormal histology ( table , fig 2 ) .

Figure 5 shows a stepwise increase in the percentage of asthmatics with hiatal hernia as the oesophageal mucosal status worsens (  2 =36.6 ; p < 0.0001 ) .
figure 5 shows a stepwise [raise] in the percentage of asthmatics with hiatal hernia as the oesophageal mucosal status worsens (  2 =36.6 ; p < 0.0001 ) .

In such circumstances , the presence of observer bias would increase the magnitude of the association between oesophagitis and hiatal hernia .
in such circumstances , the presence of observer bias would [raise] the magnitude of the association between oesophagitis and hiatal hernia .

Indeed , when compared with asthmatics without oesophagitis , asthmatics with oesophagitis had a sevenfold increase in the frequency of hiatal hernia .
indeed , when compared with asthmatics without oesophagitis , asthmatics with oesophagitis had a sevenfold [raise] in the frequency of hiatal hernia .

Likewise , enterectomy caused a 32 % increase in relative pancreatic weight over controls at two weeks and a 50 % increase at three weeks .
likewise , enterectomy caused a 32 % [raise] in relative pancreatic weight over controls at two weeks and a 50 % [raise] at three weeks .

Pancreatic specimens from rats infused sc with caerulein showed about nine-fold increase in the content of platelet activating factor ( 13.9 ( 5.5 ) pg/100 mg ) .
pancreatic specimens from rats infused sc with caerulein showed about nine-fold [raise] in the content of platelet activating factor ( 13.9 ( 5.5 ) pg/100 mg ) .

In their detailed study , the maximal increase in pancreatic weight was found after five to six hours of caerulein infusion and the optimal dose of sc infused caerulein to achieve oedematous pancreatitis was 510 g/kg/h .
in their detailed study , the maximal [raise] in pancreatic weight was found after five to six hours of caerulein infusion and the optimal dose of sc infused caerulein to achieve oedematous pancreatitis was 510 g/kg/h .

In this study we also used the technique of continuous sc infusion of caerulein at a dose of 10 g/kg/h for five hours and this resulted in the increase in the pancreatic weight and the morphological alterations of pancreatitis comparable with that reported by Robert et al .
in this study we also used the technique of continuous sc infusion of caerulein at a dose of 10 g/kg/h for five hours and this resulted in the [raise] in the pancreatic weight and the morphological alterations of pancreatitis comparable with that reported by robert et al .

It is of interest that the acini isolated from the pancreas damaged by caerulein responded to caerulein in the incubation medium with the concentration dependant increase in amylase secretion but this response curve was shifted to the right as compared with the acini obtained from saline infused rats .
it is of interest that the acini isolated from the pancreas damaged by caerulein responded to caerulein in the incubation medium with the concentration dependant [raise] in amylase secretion but this response curve was shifted to the right as compared with the acini obtained from saline infused rats .

This study shows that an excessive stimulation of exocrine pancreas by caerulein leads to an increase in the content of platelet activating factor in the pancreatic tissue and that the pretreatment with platelet activating factor blocker reduces this excessive secretory stimulation by caerulein and significantly ameliorates the biochemical , circulatory , and morphological changes in caerulein-induced pancreatitis .
this study shows that an excessive stimulation of exocrine pancreas by caerulein leads to an [raise] in the content of platelet activating factor in the pancreatic tissue and that the pretreatment with platelet activating factor blocker reduces this excessive secretory stimulation by caerulein and significantly ameliorates the biochemical , circulatory , and morphological changes in caerulein-induced pancreatitis .

The origin of platelet activating factor released by the pancreas stimulated with caerulein is not known but it was shown earlier that caerulein and cholecystokinin are capable of increasing the incorporation of labelled acetate into platelet activating factor in the isolated pancreatic lobules and to increase the synthesis of this phospholipid .
the origin of platelet activating factor released by the pancreas stimulated with caerulein is not known but it was shown earlier that caerulein and cholecystokinin are capable of increasing the incorporation of labelled acetate into platelet activating factor in the isolated pancreatic lobules and to [raise] the synthesis of this phospholipid .

Some of the effects of caerulein infusion have been reproduced in this study by exogenous platelet activating factor and the results indicate that platelet activating factor administered in a single dose by itself can induce pancreatitis with typical enlargement of the pancreas and inflammatory changes in the tissue as well as in the increase in plasma amylase concentration .
some of the effects of caerulein infusion have been reproduced in this study by exogenous platelet activating factor and the results indicate that platelet activating factor administered in a single dose by itself can induce pancreatitis with typical enlargement of the pancreas and inflammatory changes in the tissue as well as in the [raise] in plasma amylase concentration .

Gastrin induced a dose dependent increase in enterochromaffin like cell density , oxyntic mucosal histamine concentration and histidine decarboxylase activity up to the dose of 5 m g/ kg/h , where the increase levelled off .
gastrin induced a dose dependent [raise] in enterochromaffin like cell density , oxyntic mucosal histamine concentration and histidine decarboxylase activity up to the dose of 5 m g/ kg/h , where the [raise] levelled off .

From the study of Larsson et al , it could appear that the number of enterochromaffin like cells would increase infinitely with the gastrin concentration .
from the study of larsson et al , it could appear that the number of enterochromaffin like cells would [raise] infinitely with the gastrin concentration .

There was a significant increase in the weight of the whole stomach and oxyntic mucosa ( p=0.030 and p=0.018 , respectively ) .
there was a significant [raise] in the weight of the whole stomach and oxyntic mucosa ( p=0.030 and p=0.018 , respectively ) .

These differences were mostly caused by the increase in the weights in the treated groups compared with the control group .
these differences were mostly caused by the [raise] in the weights in the treated groups compared with the control group .

Our data supported by quantification of mucosal inflammatory cell infiltration , suggest that the increase of platelet activating factor levels in colonic mucosa of Crohn 's disease patients are neither related to the severity nor the type of inflammatory cell infiltration .
our data supported by quantification of mucosal inflammatory cell infiltration , suggest that the [raise] of platelet activating factor levels in colonic mucosa of crohn 's disease patients are neither related to the severity nor the type of inflammatory cell infiltration .

We have not investigated platelet activating factor content , however , in duodenal or jejunal mucosa of Crohn 's disease patients , therefore we have no information whether the increase of platelet activating factor levels occurs all along the gastrointestinal tract .
we have not investigated platelet activating factor content , however , in duodenal or jejunal mucosa of crohn 's disease patients , therefore we have no information whether the [raise] of platelet activating factor levels occurs all along the gastrointestinal tract .

When comparing the values of 1986 and 1989 , large variations in the gastrin concentrations were exceptional in cases with a moderate increase in serum gastrin ( < 400 pmol/l ) and common in cases with a considerable increase in serum gastrin ( > 400 pmol/l ) ( Fig 1 ) .
when comparing the values of 1986 and 1989 , large variations in the gastrin concentrations were exceptional in cases with a moderate [raise] in serum gastrin ( < 400 pmol/l ) and common in cases with a considerable [raise] in serum gastrin ( > 400 pmol/l ) ( fig 1 ) .

Apart from a moderate increase in the white cell count in both patients , the results of routine investigations were normal .
apart from a moderate [raise] in the white cell count in both patients , the results of routine investigations were normal .

In all sections the increase in exposure time was associated with a stronger autoradiographic signal but , at the same time , with a higher backgroun staining .
in all sections the [raise] in exposure time was associated with a stronger autoradiographic signal but , at the same time , with a higher backgroun staining .

Afferent nerve ablation as a result of treating rats with a neurotoxic dose of capsaicin before the experiment significantly aggravated ethanol induced damage as shown by an increase in the area and depth of the erosions caused by haemorrhaging .
afferent nerve ablation as a result of treating rats with a neurotoxic dose of capsaicin before the experiment significantly aggravated ethanol induced damage as shown by an [raise] in the area and depth of the erosions caused by haemorrhaging .

Repair of the injured mucosa in phenobarbital anaesthetised rats was apparrent from the increase in the depth of damage .
repair of the injured mucosa in phenobarbital anaesthetised rats was apparrent from the [raise] in the depth of damage .

The increase in prevalence was apparent in all age groups , but most pronounced at relatively old age .
the [raise] in prevalence was apparent in all age groups , but most pronounced at relatively old age .

The increase in prevalence of medical treatment for peptic ulcer diseaes is apparent .
the [raise] in prevalence of medical treatment for peptic ulcer diseaes is apparent .

Not only does the use of peptic ulcer drugs increase , but the drugs are increasingly being used by the oldest users in the population .
not only does the use of peptic ulcer drugs [raise] , but the drugs are increasingly being used by the oldest users in the population .

An initial diagnosis of duodenal ulcer and the method of diagnosis being a radiographic examination seems to increase the risk of becoming a longterm user of ulcer drugs .
an initial diagnosis of duodenal ulcer and the method of diagnosis being a radiographic examination seems to [raise] the risk of becoming a longterm user of ulcer drugs .

There was no correlation between volume or caloric content of the meal ( analysed as ml/kg and Kcal/kg ) given to the patient and the increase of his postprandial motility index .
there was no correlation between volume or caloric content of the meal ( analysed as ml/kg and kcal/kg ) given to the patient and the [raise] of his postprandial motility index .

Although this group of non-constipated patients does not constitute a truly normal population , a history of regular bowel movements , an increase in the motility index after a meal , and the presence of HAPCs suggest normal colon motility .
although this group of non-constipated patients does not constitute a truly normal population , a history of regular bowel movements , an [raise] in the motility index after a meal , and the presence of hapcs suggest normal colon motility .

Healthy adults exhibit an increase in colon motility beginning 20 to 40 minutes after a meal , known as the gastrocolonic response .
healthy adults exhibit an [raise] in colon motility beginning 20 to 40 minutes after a meal , known as the gastrocolonic response .

In this study , most of the patients with severe constipation failed to increase their motility index after eating .
in this study , most of the patients with severe constipation failed to [raise] their motility index after eating .

Constipating drugs such as opioids increase motility while inhibiting propulsive activity , and abnormal hypermotility patterns have been reported to occur in the irritable bowel syndrome and constipation .
constipating drugs such as opioids [raise] motility while inhibiting propulsive activity , and abnormal hypermotility patterns have been reported to occur in the irritable bowel syndrome and constipation .

For the cholecystectomised patients without intestinal pathology , three ( 2 , 9 , 12 ) had normal SeHCAT elimination and 7-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one values whereas two ( 22 , 23 ) had bile acid malabsorption and a slight increase in bile acid synthesis as measured by the bile acid intermediate .
for the cholecystectomised patients without intestinal pathology , three ( 2 , 9 , 12 ) had normal sehcat elimination and 7-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one values whereas two ( 22 , 23 ) had bile acid malabsorption and a slight [raise] in bile acid synthesis as measured by the bile acid intermediate .

The dihydroxy bile acids , chenodeoxycholic acid and deoxycholic acid , increase intestinal motility and induce net water and electrolyte secretion .
the dihydroxy bile acids , chenodeoxycholic acid and deoxycholic acid , [raise] intestinal motility and induce net water and electrolyte secretion .

Such phenomena may have been present in three of our patints , in whom a slight bile acid malabsorption was found with the SeHCAT test , but in whom there was no increase in bile acid synthesis by the liver .
such phenomena may have been present in three of our patints , in whom a slight bile acid malabsorption was found with the sehcat test , but in whom there was no [raise] in bile acid synthesis by the liver .

Our commitment towards meeting the exciting professional challenge of these new business relationships , together with our experience in project management and cost effective engineering and maintenance , has enabled us to increase our market share in most of our North Sea related businesses .
our commitment towards meeting the exciting professional challenge of these new business relationships , together with our experience in project management and cost effective engineering and maintenance , has enabled us to [raise] our market share in most of our north sea related businesses .

The past year has seen a significant increase in our successful penetration of overseas oil and gas markets .
the past year has seen a significant [raise] in our successful penetration of overseas oil and gas markets .

Our success in securing long term contracts during 1992 allowed the company to increase staff training programmes and a new training centre was opened to facilitate these initiatives .
our success in securing long term contracts during 1992 allowed the company to [raise] staff training programmes and a new training centre was opened to facilitate these initiatives .

Gas Turbine Fuel Systems continued its success , thanks to growth in the company 's traditional market , and further investment has been made in line with the increase in sales .
gas turbine fuel systems continued its success , thanks to growth in the company 's traditional market , and further investment has been made in line with the [raise] in sales .

The company also expects to increase its sales in the aviation fuel nozzle servicing business .
the company also expects to [raise] its sales in the aviation fuel nozzle servicing business .

Pictured right : Close attention to quality has helped Gas Turbine Fuel Systems to increase its flight fuel nozzle servicing business .
pictured right : close attention to quality has helped gas turbine fuel systems to [raise] its flight fuel nozzle servicing business .

By the first of October this year the size of the Bar had risen to 7,271 an increase of 370 .
by the first of october this year the size of the bar had risen to 7,271 an [raise] of 370 .

Complaints received during 1991 totalled 2,040 against a normal annual total of 600  more than a three-fold increase .
complaints received during 1991 totalled 2,040 against a normal annual total of 600  more than a three-fold [raise] .

The steady increase in the number of complaints against members of the Bar mentioned in last year 's report has continued ; 262 complaints having been received up to the end of September .
the steady [raise] in the number of complaints against members of the bar mentioned in last year 's report has continued ; 262 complaints having been received up to the end of september .

At this rate , the total for the full year is likely to amount to 349 compared with 308 last year an increase of 13 % .
at this rate , the total for the full year is likely to amount to 349 compared with 308 last year an [raise] of 13 % .

The increase in Committee Expenses is a matter for concern .
the [raise] in committee expenses is a matter for concern .

The steady increase in complaints against members of the Bar mentioned in last year 's Report has continued , 262 complaints having been received up to the end of September .
the steady [raise] in complaints against members of the bar mentioned in last year 's report has continued , 262 complaints having been received up to the end of september .

an increase of 13 per cent .
an [raise] of 13 per cent .

Barnett sucked in a damp lung-full of air and pumped his arms in an effort to increase his speed .
barnett sucked in a damp lung-full of air and pumped his arms in an effort to [raise] his speed .

could increase our active tenderness one jot .
could [raise] our active tenderness one jot .

Securities with betas less than 1 are called defensive shares as a 1 per cent increase in the expected market rate of return is likely to yield a less than 1 per cent increase in the expected rate of return of the security .
securities with betas less than 1 are called defensive shares as a 1 per cent [raise] in the expected market rate of return is likely to yield a less than 1 per cent [raise] in the expected rate of return of the security .

In these cases a 1 per cent increase ( fall ) in the expected market rate of return is accompanied by an increase ( fall ) in the security 's expected return of greater than 1 per cent .
in these cases a 1 per cent [raise] ( fall ) in the expected market rate of return is accompanied by an [raise] ( fall ) in the security 's expected return of greater than 1 per cent .

Consequently , aggressive shares have a higher expected rate of return than the market during a general increase but the return falls equally sharply when the market turns .
consequently , aggressive shares have a higher expected rate of return than the market during a general [raise] but the return falls equally sharply when the market turns .

What are the non-market factors which may increase the risk of an investment and how may they be minimized if not eradicated ?
what are the non-market factors which may [raise] the risk of an investment and how may they be minimized if not eradicated ?

This example illustrates an important consideration which is that not only does the risk of any position increase dramatically with the length of time to maturity but also that the hedge ratio is only valid for very small increments of time .
this example illustrates an important consideration which is that not only does the risk of any position [raise] dramatically with the length of time to maturity but also that the hedge ratio is only valid for very small increments of time .

Hence , the implication is that the price of equity will fall in direct proportion to the increase in the use of debt in the financial structure .
hence , the implication is that the price of equity will fall in direct proportion to the [raise] in the use of debt in the financial structure .

It is not a debate about declining share values or rising rates of return but a debate about the rates of decline and increase .
it is not a debate about declining share values or rising rates of return but a debate about the rates of decline and [raise] .

They found that gearing did not significantly increase the overall cost of funds to the firm .
they found that gearing did not significantly [raise] the overall cost of funds to the firm .

Changes in the management team and consequent changes in investment policy which may or may not have yielded benefits at the time of the dividend increase .
changes in the management team and consequent changes in investment policy which may or may not have yielded benefits at the time of the dividend [raise] .

However , further analysis of the company 's results showed that a loss had been made and that the whole dividend ( including the increase ) was to be paid out of reserves .
however , further analysis of the company 's results showed that a loss had been made and that the whole dividend ( including the [raise] ) was to be paid out of reserves .

The increase in the dividend and presumably the optimistic implication about the bank 's future earning ability or the possibility that past investment policies were proving to be injudicious ?
the [raise] in the dividend and presumably the optimistic implication about the bank 's future earning ability or the possibility that past investment policies were proving to be injudicious ?

In other words did the dividend increase embody different and superior information to that published in the accounts ?
in other words did the dividend [raise] embody different and superior information to that published in the accounts ?

The effect of a progressive personal taxation system may be exacerbated by high levels of price inflation in which the rate of increase in personal allowances lags behind the rate of change in prices and incomes .
the effect of a progressive personal taxation system may be exacerbated by high levels of price inflation in which the rate of [raise] in personal allowances lags behind the rate of change in prices and incomes .

The Bank noted that the increase in the member-to-member movements in November and December 1986 reflected additional transactions being made through the inter-dealer brokers .
the bank noted that the [raise] in the member-to-member movements in november and december 1986 reflected additional transactions being made through the inter-dealer brokers .

One head of department claimed that ,  Most of my appraisal is my justification for asking next year for a tremendous increase in my capitation .
one head of department claimed that ,  most of my appraisal is my justification for asking next year for a tremendous [raise] in my capitation .

For example the head of Craft , Design and Technology had received money to replace inadequate stock and an increase in capitation , whilst the head of Home Economics was in the process of gaining badly-needed equipment  although much of this was still in the  pipeline  at the time of the interview .
for example the head of craft , design and technology had received money to replace inadequate stock and an [raise] in capitation , whilst the head of home economics was in the process of gaining badly-needed equipment  although much of this was still in the  pipeline  at the time of the interview .

The increase in money market interest rates from 8 to 9 per cent has had the effect of reducing the principal ( i.e .
the [raise] in money market interest rates from 8 to 9 per cent has had the effect of reducing the principal ( i.e .

The public sector borrowing requirement can affect the level of the yield curve : an increase in the requirement can lead to an increase in yields at all maturities .
the public sector borrowing requirement can affect the level of the yield curve : an [raise] in the requirement can lead to an [raise] in yields at all maturities .

Only if all new investment in the firm has to be financed from retained earnings is it possible for an increase in dividends to reduce net investment and thereby reduce the ability of the firm to deliver real income in the future .
only if all new investment in the firm has to be financed from retained earnings is it possible for an [raise] in dividends to reduce net investment and thereby reduce the ability of the firm to deliver real income in the future .

That is , if an unsuccessful firm attempts to send a false  good  signal by announcing an increase in dividends , this increases the risk of insolvency even more than would be the case if the firm sent a true  bad  signal by not announcing a dividend increase .
that is , if an unsuccessful firm attempts to send a false  good  signal by announcing an [raise] in dividends , this increases the risk of insolvency even more than would be the case if the firm sent a true  bad  signal by not announcing a dividend [raise] .

And because the basis tends to zero as the delivery date of the futures contract approaches , it also requires the futures price to increase over time .
and because the basis tends to zero as the delivery date of the futures contract approaches , it also requires the futures price to [raise] over time .

Anything done to increase either will benefit the company .
anything done to [raise] either will benefit the company .

Additional information can lead to better odds and bigger returns but if the information costs more to obtain than the increase in returns the result is a net loss .
additional information can lead to better odds and bigger returns but if the information costs more to obtain than the [raise] in returns the result is a net loss .

After some experience at the fluid level the design tends to fall into a pattern of application areas and sales volume begins to increase .
after some experience at the fluid level the design tends to fall into a pattern of application areas and sales volume begins to [raise] .

Before embarking on an exercise it is important to establish that the increase in profit and/or sales and market life of the product will together produce a significant benefit after recovering the costs , particularly those of implementation .
before embarking on an exercise it is important to establish that the [raise] in profit and/or sales and market life of the product will together produce a significant benefit after recovering the costs , particularly those of implementation .

If the overall effect is to increase profit but not volume the resources may be better utilized in creating a new product .
if the overall effect is to [raise] profit but not volume the resources may be better utilized in creating a new product .

The increase in production volume that the new product will generate will distribute overheads more thinly and hence reduce costs on the whole range of products , causing a double increase in profits .
the [raise] in production volume that the new product will generate will distribute overheads more thinly and hence reduce costs on the whole range of products , causing a double [raise] in profits .

It is not generally realized how rapidly the number of project manager-team relationships increase with the size of the team .
it is not generally realized how rapidly the number of project manager-team relationships [raise] with the size of the team .

When asked for their views on longer-term future applications the emphasis was again on the increase of information handling , with management applications falling as a percentage of the whole .
when asked for their views on longer-term future applications the emphasis was again on the [raise] of information handling , with management applications falling as a percentage of the whole .

Mayo deduced that when special attention is given to workers by management , productivity is likely to increase regardless of any actual changes in working conditions .
mayo deduced that when special attention is given to workers by management , productivity is likely to [raise] regardless of any actual changes in working conditions .

While the highest quality solution of Figure 15.4 may be higher than the highest achievable in Figure 15.3 , the demands on ability in the presence of constraint to achieve a position on the narrow success surface and the risk of emergence of new constraints in later phases of the project , greatly increase the risk of failure .
while the highest quality solution of figure 15.4 may be higher than the highest achievable in figure 15.3 , the demands on ability in the presence of constraint to achieve a position on the narrow success surface and the risk of emergence of new constraints in later phases of the project , greatly [raise] the risk of failure .

Figures for the year ended 31 March 1989 , due to be published at the end of the year , show an overall 8 per cent drop in the use of the  green form  initial advice and assistance scheme , as compared with an overall increase the previous year of 10 per cent .
figures for the year ended 31 march 1989 , due to be published at the end of the year , show an overall 8 per cent drop in the use of the  green form  initial advice and assistance scheme , as compared with an overall [raise] the previous year of 10 per cent .

One variation on that would be to increase the constituency share according to the national increase in membership  so constituencies would have 30 per cent of the vote on a membership of 300,000 ( as now ) but would get an extra 1 per cent of the vote for every 30,000 increase in national membership .
one variation on that would be to [raise] the constituency share according to the national [raise] in membership  so constituencies would have 30 per cent of the vote on a membership of 300,000 ( as now ) but would get an extra 1 per cent of the vote for every 30,000 [raise] in national membership .

Base rates hit eight-year high : Rise to 15% will lead to increase in mortgage payments , lenders say
base rates hit eight-year high : rise to 15% will lead to [raise] in mortgage payments , lenders say

The Bank of England was forced to signal an increase in base rates to 15 per cent  the highest for eight years  after the Bundesbank lifted its own key rates by a full point to clamp down on West German inflation .
the bank of england was forced to signal an [raise] in base rates to 15 per cent  the highest for eight years  after the bundesbank lifted its own key rates by a full point to clamp down on west german inflation .

After the Bank 's signal to the money markets at about 2pm yesterday , Barclays Bank announced an increase in its base rate , and was quickly followed by the other clearing banks .
after the bank 's signal to the money markets at about 2pm yesterday , barclays bank announced an [raise] in its base rate , and was quickly followed by the other clearing banks .

As a result of the increase , some banks and building societies said they expected to raise mortgage rates by between 1 and 1.5 per cent , probably from 1 November .
as a result of the [raise] , some banks and building societies said they expected to raise mortgage rates by between 1 and 1.5 per cent , probably from 1 november .

The increase is almost bound to have a further depressing effect on the housing market .
the [raise] is almost bound to have a further depressing effect on the housing market .

The increase in rates initially sent London share prices tumbling .
the [raise] in rates initially sent london share prices tumbling .

The Leeds Permanent building society expected to increase rates by at least 1.25 per cent .
the leeds permanent building society expected to [raise] rates by at least 1.25 per cent .

Although yesterday 's increase in rates intensified fears that the economy could come perilously close to recession next year , the instant judgement of most economists was that the worst would be avoided .
although yesterday 's [raise] in rates intensified fears that the economy could come perilously close to recession next year , the instant judgement of most economists was that the worst would be avoided .

The rise in student numbers in polytechnics has not been matched by an increase in teaching staff .
the rise in student numbers in polytechnics has not been matched by an [raise] in teaching staff .

Union leaders , however , were already invoking probable mortgage rises as a reason for an increase in excess of 10 per cent .
union leaders , however , were already invoking probable mortgage rises as a reason for an [raise] in excess of 10 per cent .

Mr Adams pointed out that the profits of Ford of Britain had risen for the third year running to a record 673m and he calculated a further increase to 710m was likely this year .
mr adams pointed out that the profits of ford of britain had risen for the third year running to a record 673m and he calculated a further [raise] to 710m was likely this year .

Sure enough , due to prospects this year of a vintage declaration and an estimated shortfall of supply over demand ( although the latest estimated harvest figure has gone up from 250 to 274 million bottles ) , the price per kilo of grapes was fixed at 26.77 French francs , a 13.78 per cent increase over last year .
sure enough , due to prospects this year of a vintage declaration and an estimated shortfall of supply over demand ( although the latest estimated harvest figure has gone up from 250 to 274 million bottles ) , the price per kilo of grapes was fixed at 26.77 french francs , a 13.78 per cent [raise] over last year .

The Government is also understood to be divided over whether the increase in base rates will provoke a recession .
the government is also understood to be divided over whether the [raise] in base rates will provoke a recession .

However , some in the Treasury are understood to have been recommending a base rate increase for some weeks on the grounds that there was insufficient evidence that the economy had cooled .
however , some in the treasury are understood to have been recommending a base rate [raise] for some weeks on the grounds that there was insufficient evidence that the economy had cooled .

Although it is by no means the universal view , some City analysts believe the increase in rates makes a short-lived recession inevitable next year .
although it is by no means the universal view , some city analysts believe the [raise] in rates makes a short-lived recession inevitable next year .

He has hitherto fought shy ( apart from a few marginal incentives ) of trying to increase total savings through the tax system .
he has hitherto fought shy ( apart from a few marginal incentives ) of trying to [raise] total savings through the tax system .

Tory MPs said last night that the increase in interest rates would intensify the pressure on the Prime Minister to allow the Chancellor to go ahead with Britain 's membership of the European Monetary System .
tory mps said last night that the [raise] in interest rates would intensify the pressure on the prime minister to allow the chancellor to go ahead with britain 's membership of the european monetary system .

The desire to hold their currencies unchanged against the mark led most West European countries to follow an increase in German rates on Thursday .
the desire to hold their currencies unchanged against the mark led most west european countries to follow an [raise] in german rates on thursday .

The group , following the Ward White Group acquisition , has borrowings of nearly 600m which makes it particularly sensitive to the interest rate increase .
the group , following the ward white group acquisition , has borrowings of nearly 600m which makes it particularly sensitive to the interest rate [raise] .

The declining trend from the troubled days of the early 1980s has been reversed , and if the rate of increase continues into 1990 the next decade will look rather bleak .
the declining trend from the troubled days of the early 1980s has been reversed , and if the rate of [raise] continues into 1990 the next decade will look rather bleak .

The increase noted is too significant to be attributable to inflation .
the [raise] noted is too significant to be attributable to inflation .

He admitted that a further increase could be necessary .
he admitted that a further [raise] could be necessary .

On top of that the 1987 stock market crash and a steep domestic increase in interest rates nearly nearly put paid to some of them  including DnC .
on top of that the 1987 stock market crash and a steep domestic [raise] in interest rates nearly nearly put paid to some of them  including dnc .

Astutely managed by Alex Totten , the former Rangers coach , the Perth men have their recent signings from Dundee United and Hearts , Harry Curran and Allan Moore , looking to increase an already impressive striking rate against Morton at McDiarmid Park this afternoon .
astutely managed by alex totten , the former rangers coach , the perth men have their recent signings from dundee united and hearts , harry curran and allan moore , looking to [raise] an already impressive striking rate against morton at mcdiarmid park this afternoon .

Jahangir 's defeat will increase speculation that the man who once went more than 500 matches unbeaten , may sometime next year retire .
jahangir 's defeat will [raise] speculation that the man who once went more than 500 matches unbeaten , may sometime next year retire .

This is its highest level for eight years and will result in an increase of at least one per cent on home loan rates , possibly more .
this is its highest level for eight years and will result in an [raise] of at least one per cent on home loan rates , possibly more .

But the Chancellor said in a series of television and radio interviews that he did not believe in  trying to play silly games , political games   and he would not rule out a further increase if it became necessary .
but the chancellor said in a series of television and radio interviews that he did not believe in  trying to play silly games , political games   and he would not rule out a further [raise] if it became necessary .

But ministerial aides said it was better to get the increase out of the way this week , rather than have it happen during the conference .
but ministerial aides said it was better to get the [raise] out of the way this week , rather than have it happen during the conference .

But Mr Lawson refused to rule out what John Smith , Labour 's Treasury spokesman , described as  the unthinkable   a further increase .
but mr lawson refused to rule out what john smith , labour 's treasury spokesman , described as  the unthinkable   a further [raise] .

This increase in the money supply has been disproportionate to that in any other West European or North American country .
this [raise] in the money supply has been disproportionate to that in any other west european or north american country .

Around a fifth of the increase was taken up in greater activity , which resulted in a sharp fall in unemployment .
around a fifth of the [raise] was taken up in greater activity , which resulted in a sharp fall in unemployment .

Something like a third of the increase has been taken up in higher prices , with the prices of some capital goods , such as houses , actually doubling .
something like a third of the [raise] has been taken up in higher prices , with the prices of some capital goods , such as houses , actually doubling .

Third , it financed a massive increase in British imports , and a critical deterioration in the British balance of payments .
third , it financed a massive [raise] in british imports , and a critical deterioration in the british balance of payments .

Second , whereas the government 's social policy extols the virtues of targeting benefits and subsidies to where they will do most good , there is no parallel targeting to ensure that interest rate policy will bear only on those aspects of the economy which increase inflationary pressure .
second , whereas the government 's social policy extols the virtues of targeting benefits and subsidies to where they will do most good , there is no parallel targeting to ensure that interest rate policy will bear only on those aspects of the economy which [raise] inflationary pressure .

Then the criteria which would ensure the spread of some trait  say sharp teeth  in a population would be identical to those ensuring the spread of a gene causing that trait : if sharp teeth increase  fitness  ( that is , chances of survival and reproduction ) , then genes causing teeth to be sharp will increase in frequency .
then the criteria which would ensure the spread of some trait  say sharp teeth  in a population would be identical to those ensuring the spread of a gene causing that trait : if sharp teeth [raise]  fitness  ( that is , chances of survival and reproduction ) , then genes causing teeth to be sharp will [raise] in frequency .

As we shall see , a gene may increase in frequency not because it increases the fitness of its carrier but because it associates with other genes that do , or even because it is in a sense parasitic on other genes .
as we shall see , a gene may [raise] in frequency not because it increases the fitness of its carrier but because it associates with other genes that do , or even because it is in a sense parasitic on other genes .

This view avoids the necessity of explaining how an increase in complexity can occur by denying that it happens , but only at the expense of supposing not only that there is a minute homunculus in the egg but that within that homonculus there is an egg containing a still more minute homonculus , and so on , in Chinese box fashion , ad infinitum  or , if not ad infinitum , at least back to Eve , who carried within her a sufficient number of successively smaller homunculi to account for all the future generations of mankind .
this view avoids the necessity of explaining how an [raise] in complexity can occur by denying that it happens , but only at the expense of supposing not only that there is a minute homunculus in the egg but that within that homonculus there is an egg containing a still more minute homonculus , and so on , in chinese box fashion , ad infinitum  or , if not ad infinitum , at least back to eve , who carried within her a sufficient number of successively smaller homunculi to account for all the future generations of mankind .

The preformationist view may just be tenable by a believer in the Garden of Eden : an evolutionary biologist must reject it , and accept the alternative  epigenetic  view , that there is a genuine increase in spatial complexity during development .
the preformationist view may just be tenable by a believer in the garden of eden : an evolutionary biologist must reject it , and accept the alternative  epigenetic  view , that there is a genuine [raise] in spatial complexity during development .

From time to time he was instructed to raise money by conducting sales of wood from the king 's demesne , and he carried out the king 's policy regarding mining in the forest , which wavered between a desire to increase the Forest revenues and concern lest the vert be destroyed .
from time to time he was instructed to raise money by conducting sales of wood from the king 's demesne , and he carried out the king 's policy regarding mining in the forest , which wavered between a desire to [raise] the forest revenues and concern lest the vert be destroyed .

in the eastern parts of this county Your Majesty 's forests of Windsor are particularly burdened with the innumerable increase of deer , which if they shall go on so fast , in ten years more will neither leave food nor room for any other creature in the forests .
in the eastern parts of this county your majesty 's forests of windsor are particularly burdened with the innumerable [raise] of deer , which if they shall go on so fast , in ten years more will neither leave food nor room for any other creature in the forests .

There had been an attempt , through Acts of Parliament , to revive the election of local Forest officers and the holding of local Forest courts in some forests ; these measures were intended to preserve the forest woods and to increase timber production by enclosure of the forest wastes .
there had been an attempt , through acts of parliament , to revive the election of local forest officers and the holding of local forest courts in some forests ; these measures were intended to preserve the forest woods and to [raise] timber production by enclosure of the forest wastes .

John Clifford never accepted offers to increase his stipend above 600 .
john clifford never accepted offers to [raise] his stipend above 600 .

Of course ministers , like everyone else , were helped by the increase in the purchasing power of the pound from 20s .
of course ministers , like everyone else , were helped by the [raise] in the purchasing power of the pound from 20s .

Since the departure of Miss Harker he had become more surly than before and his drinking was on the increase .
since the departure of miss harker he had become more surly than before and his drinking was on the [raise] .

Eyes down again to the book , he went on ,  All sharpened staves for use in traps ( and also spears and arrows ) can be hardened to increase their powers of penetration by being charred lightly in hot embers , a process which tightens and toughens the wood fibres .
eyes down again to the book , he went on ,  all sharpened staves for use in traps ( and also spears and arrows ) can be hardened to [raise] their powers of penetration by being charred lightly in hot embers , a process which tightens and toughens the wood fibres .

This selection of elements also reveals the increase in atomic weight over atomic number .
this selection of elements also reveals the [raise] in atomic weight over atomic number .

Their usage is likely to increase wherever their advantages overcome their vulnerability to puncture and the service pump can be provided with a constant fuel supply .
their usage is likely to [raise] wherever their advantages overcome their vulnerability to puncture and the service pump can be provided with a constant fuel supply .

The intervals seem proportionately to increase .
the intervals seem proportionately to [raise] .

This group wished to maintain and increase the evangelical religious element in  Protestantism  .
this group wished to maintain and [raise] the evangelical religious element in  protestantism  .

Many critics of the Orange state suppose that unionists followed the politics they did in order to maintain and increase their material position at the expense of the Catholic nationalist population .
many critics of the orange state suppose that unionists followed the politics they did in order to maintain and [raise] their material position at the expense of the catholic nationalist population .

The manifesto then proposes more democratic control over education and leisure , an end to the financing of two distinct educational systems , an increase in old-age pensions , and more facilities for the handicapped .
the manifesto then proposes more democratic control over education and leisure , an end to the financing of two distinct educational systems , an [raise] in old-age pensions , and more facilities for the handicapped .

This gradual increase in kindness and humanity towards horses has paralleled peoples ' increasing consideration of other people and the education and treatment of children .
this gradual [raise] in kindness and humanity towards horses has paralleled peoples ' increasing consideration of other people and the education and treatment of children .

The horse also needs companions to give and receive affection , to satisfy a need for belonging and being accepted by its own species , to develop self-esteem , to increase its sensory stimulation , and to develop the social skills and forms of communication necessary for a normal horse .
the horse also needs companions to give and receive affection , to satisfy a need for belonging and being accepted by its own species , to develop self-esteem , to [raise] its sensory stimulation , and to develop the social skills and forms of communication necessary for a normal horse .

They also increase the amount of sensory stimulation it receives .
they also [raise] the amount of sensory stimulation it receives .

The horse has to succeed most of the time to retain its self-esteem and to increase it .
the horse has to succeed most of the time to retain its self-esteem and to [raise] it .

Emotions drive the horse into behaviour which will increase its chances of survival .
emotions drive the horse into behaviour which will [raise] its chances of survival .

We can see the horse 's tension visibly increase .
we can see the horse 's tension visibly [raise] .

Before such Big Events , the horse needs handling to increase its tolerance and confidence for such an occasion .
before such big events , the horse needs handling to [raise] its tolerance and confidence for such an occasion .

However , most of us are aware of some of our horse 's efforts to communicate , and if we reward these efforts by understanding , the horse will gradually increase its communication with us .
however , most of us are aware of some of our horse 's efforts to communicate , and if we reward these efforts by understanding , the horse will gradually [raise] its communication with us .

And gradually we brush a little more each day and try to gradually increase the horse 's tolerance , until we can brush the horse all over without any trouble .
and gradually we brush a little more each day and try to gradually [raise] the horse 's tolerance , until we can brush the horse all over without any trouble .

Her spine was so tense , her shoulders so rigid , that she ached all over and that empty and gnawing pain in her stomach seemed to increase in severity as dusk approached and the hour when son and husband would return grew closer .
her spine was so tense , her shoulders so rigid , that she ached all over and that empty and gnawing pain in her stomach seemed to [raise] in severity as dusk approached and the hour when son and husband would return grew closer .

The , by contrast , normally sober reports of the District Leader of Augsburg City added that belief and trust in the Fhrer had reached an unprecedented level , and that  if an increase in feeling for Adolf Hitler was still possible , it had become reality with the day of the return to Berlin  from the western Front .
the , by contrast , normally sober reports of the district leader of augsburg city added that belief and trust in the fhrer had reached an unprecedented level , and that  if an [raise] in feeling for adolf hitler was still possible , it had become reality with the day of the return to berlin  from the western front .

In the war , the Party had , in fact , to take on a number of new tasks , some of them important in the context of social welfare and organization , though not necessarily guaranteed to increase the popularity of the local functionaries .
in the war , the party had , in fact , to take on a number of new tasks , some of them important in the context of social welfare and organization , though not necessarily guaranteed to [raise] the popularity of the local functionaries .

The head of the regional justice administration in Bamberg had also observed  a sharp increase and intensification in criticism of the political and military leadership  and ,  what had never been the case before , to a growing extent of the person of the Fhrer , who is made responsible especially for the events in Stalingrad and in the Caucasus  .
the head of the regional justice administration in bamberg had also observed  a sharp [raise] and intensification in criticism of the political and military leadership  and ,  what had never been the case before , to a growing extent of the person of the fhrer , who is made responsible especially for the events in stalingrad and in the caucasus  .

The censor recorded an increase from 20 to 25 per cent of negative comments in soldiers  letters between July and August .
the censor recorded an [raise] from 20 to 25 per cent of negative comments in soldiers  letters between july and august .

But missionaries constantly encountered the idea of an interaction between supernatural power and material prosperity , and the complexity of this idea only served to increase the sensitivity which they needed to make an impact on the discussion .
but missionaries constantly encountered the idea of an interaction between supernatural power and material prosperity , and the complexity of this idea only served to [raise] the sensitivity which they needed to make an impact on the discussion .

It is possible to increase the list of criteria and examples almost indefinitely .
it is possible to [raise] the list of criteria and examples almost indefinitely .

You diet , or perhaps just try to change to better food , or to increase exercise .
you diet , or perhaps just try to change to better food , or to [raise] exercise .

If fat loss is at a relatively slow , steady , controlled pace and if moderate exercise is taken , metabolic rate can be kept at a reasonable level ; it might even increase , and you will be fitter , too .
if fat loss is at a relatively slow , steady , controlled pace and if moderate exercise is taken , metabolic rate can be kept at a reasonable level ; it might even [raise] , and you will be fitter , too .

This way you increase the variety in your diet , increase fibre ( with the extra pulses and bread ) and decrease saturated fat ( present in eggs and cheese ) .
this way you [raise] the variety in your diet , [raise] fibre ( with the extra pulses and bread ) and decrease saturated fat ( present in eggs and cheese ) .

If you are going to improve your fitness you will almost certainly need to increase your exercise level .
if you are going to improve your fitness you will almost certainly need to [raise] your exercise level .

Aim for a healthy diet , an increase in exercise , and slow , steady weight loss to a goal weight and goal shape .
aim for a healthy diet , an [raise] in exercise , and slow , steady weight loss to a goal weight and goal shape .

You could exercise to increase the amount of lean muscle tissue and decrease the amount of fat in your body .
you could exercise to [raise] the amount of lean muscle tissue and decrease the amount of fat in your body .

You just need to increase the frequency with which you eat protein from plant sources ( and slightly decrease the amount of fatty animal proteins that you eat ) .
you just need to [raise] the frequency with which you eat protein from plant sources ( and slightly decrease the amount of fatty animal proteins that you eat ) .

The tendency in the past has been to restrict or cut down on plant proteins and increase animal protein in the diet .
the tendency in the past has been to restrict or cut down on plant proteins and [raise] animal protein in the diet .

If anything , increase plant protein and cut back on animal sources of protein , which are high in saturated fat .
if anything , [raise] plant protein and cut back on animal sources of protein , which are high in saturated fat .

Exercises that increase stamina are those that require you to breath slightly more heavily than usual for a prolonged period of time ( say , an exercise session of thirty minutes or so ) .
exercises that [raise] stamina are those that require you to breath slightly more heavily than usual for a prolonged period of time ( say , an exercise session of thirty minutes or so ) .

Here are some good exercises to increase stamina :
here are some good exercises to [raise] stamina :

This will help increase muscle strength .
this will help [raise] muscle strength .

If your exercise session is fairly strenuous and makes you pant a bit ( and takes at least twenty minutes ) your stamina will also increase .
if your exercise session is fairly strenuous and makes you pant a bit ( and takes at least twenty minutes ) your stamina will also [raise] .

Plan out some ordinary ways to increase exercise as part of your usual routine .
plan out some ordinary ways to [raise] exercise as part of your usual routine .

It is possible to programme additional consequences into your weight control regime to strengthen your motivation and to increase the probability that what you want to happen actually does take place .
it is possible to programme additional consequences into your weight control regime to strengthen your motivation and to [raise] the probability that what you want to happen actually does take place .

If , like her , you have a sweet tooth , you might be better leaving just a little sugar in the diet to increase the likelihood that you will continue with the new sugar-reduced regime .
if , like her , you have a sweet tooth , you might be better leaving just a little sugar in the diet to [raise] the likelihood that you will continue with the new sugar-reduced regime .

The final list of goals for food change is obviously rather different from all the others because the aim is to increase consumption of something rather than decrease it .
the final list of goals for food change is obviously rather different from all the others because the aim is to [raise] consumption of something rather than decrease it .

Also you may well find that you enjoy a variety of fibre-rich foods and it is no hardship to increase your intake relatively quickly .
also you may well find that you enjoy a variety of fibre-rich foods and it is no hardship to [raise] your intake relatively quickly .

There are only seven goals in our dieter 's list to achieve a considerable and beneficial increase in fibre .
there are only seven goals in our dieter 's list to achieve a considerable and beneficial [raise] in fibre .

The habit of mind which opposes family and state , and which gives the family a special position in the organization of a polity , is not solely Libyan : strongly tatique societies have often tried to abolish or limit the institution of the family ; and the attempts by government to regulate family life by intervening to increase or to decrease births , by altering rules of inheritance , by inhibiting or encouraging kinship corporations , are so familiar that they are taken to be natural functions of the state .
the habit of mind which opposes family and state , and which gives the family a special position in the organization of a polity , is not solely libyan : strongly tatique societies have often tried to abolish or limit the institution of the family ; and the attempts by government to regulate family life by intervening to [raise] or to decrease births , by altering rules of inheritance , by inhibiting or encouraging kinship corporations , are so familiar that they are taken to be natural functions of the state .

Mr Smith 's plans to increase the top rate of tax to 50 per cent and abolish the ceiling on National Insurance contributions are increasingly being seen by Labour MPs as a major contribution to the party 's fourth consecutive defeat .
mr smith 's plans to [raise] the top rate of tax to 50 per cent and abolish the ceiling on national insurance contributions are increasingly being seen by labour mps as a major contribution to the party 's fourth consecutive defeat .

Mr Gould , a prominent Euro-sceptic in the early 1980s , is likely to argue for the commitment to maintaining sterling 's value within the Exchange Rate Mechanism to be ditched , to increase a Labour government 's room for manoeuvre .
mr gould , a prominent euro-sceptic in the early 1980s , is likely to argue for the commitment to maintaining sterling 's value within the exchange rate mechanism to be ditched , to [raise] a labour government 's room for manoeuvre .

Although delighted at the election result , which saw the Tories increase their Scottish seats from nine to 11 , ministers have failed to agree on how to defuse the growing controversy over calls from opposition parties for devolution and separation .
although delighted at the election result , which saw the tories [raise] their scottish seats from nine to 11 , ministers have failed to agree on how to defuse the growing controversy over calls from opposition parties for devolution and separation .

 Over the past year we noted an alarming 27 per cent increase in the number .
 over the past year we noted an alarming 27 per cent [raise] in the number .

 He wants to increase the debate in order to get his point across .
 he wants to [raise] the debate in order to get his point across .

The plan is to increase the efficiency of the rail services , both for passengers and freight , by allowing private sector operators to run services on the network , widening choice for customers and increasing competition .
the plan is to [raise] the efficiency of the rail services , both for passengers and freight , by allowing private sector operators to run services on the network , widening choice for customers and increasing competition .

Regular testing , the annual publication of league tables and four-yearly scrutinies of schools by independent teams of inspectors will further increase the pressure on teachers to raise standards by concentrating on the basics .
regular testing , the annual publication of league tables and four-yearly scrutinies of schools by independent teams of inspectors will further [raise] the pressure on teachers to raise standards by concentrating on the basics .

He resisted the frightened calls to throw sops of self-government to the Scots , and was rewarded with an increase in seats and votes in Scotland which no one had dared imagine .
he resisted the frightened calls to throw sops of self-government to the scots , and was rewarded with an [raise] in seats and votes in scotland which no one had dared imagine .

The discoveries straddle five licence blocks and form a key part of an extensive development programme that will substantially increase gas production in the North Sea by the end of the century .
the discoveries straddle five licence blocks and form a key part of an extensive development programme that will substantially [raise] gas production in the north sea by the end of the century .

The company is celebrating with an increase in the final dividend , payable on July 6 , to 3.2p ( 3p ) making a 5 p.c. rise in the full-year payment to 5.8p .
the company is celebrating with an [raise] in the final dividend , payable on july 6 , to 3.2p ( 3p ) making a 5 p.c. rise in the full-year payment to 5.8p .

Only in the third game did she give free rein to her flair and Jackman was thrown off her stride by the abrupt increase in pace .
only in the third game did she give free rein to her flair and jackman was thrown off her stride by the abrupt [raise] in pace .

Rugby Union : Llanelli increase Cardiff 's misery
rugby union : llanelli [raise] cardiff 's misery

Rugby Union : Llanelli increase Cardiff 's misery
rugby union : llanelli [raise] cardiff 's misery

The most rapid increase in illegal workers was among Iranians , who have not , until now , been required to obtain entry visas .
the most rapid [raise] in illegal workers was among iranians , who have not , until now , been required to obtain entry visas .

The analysis shows 31 p.c. of financial institutions expect business volumes to increase in the present three-month period , against 17 p.c. forecasting a fall .
the analysis shows 31 p.c. of financial institutions expect business volumes to [raise] in the present three-month period , against 17 p.c. forecasting a fall .

Many gardening businesses have hit rocky ground but Waterers expects to increase turnover from 4.8m to 6m in the year to July .
many gardening businesses have hit rocky ground but waterers expects to [raise] turnover from 4.8m to 6m in the year to july .

Patrick Dunne , who heads the management buy-in unit , says research indicates a new wave of buy-in activity and the likelihood of an increase in the success rate .
patrick dunne , who heads the management buy-in unit , says research indicates a new wave of buy-in activity and the likelihood of an [raise] in the success rate .

Average base pay was rising at an annual rate of 7.3 p.c. in February but recession , the reduction in working hours and bonuses meant the increase in total pay was down to 6 p.c. although still comfortably ahead of inflation .
average base pay was rising at an annual rate of 7.3 p.c. in february but recession , the reduction in working hours and bonuses meant the [raise] in total pay was down to 6 p.c. although still comfortably ahead of inflation .

The February index shows the increase in total earnings at management level down from an annual rate of 8.3 p.c. in December to 7 p.c. , from 7 p.c. to 5.6 p.c. at clerical level and from 7.4 p.c. to 6.8 p.c. among operatives .
the february index shows the [raise] in total earnings at management level down from an annual rate of 8.3 p.c. in december to 7 p.c. , from 7 p.c. to 5.6 p.c. at clerical level and from 7.4 p.c. to 6.8 p.c. among operatives .

The market for intermediates  the building blocks for pure isomer products  was worth about 300 million and due to increase to 1.7 billion by the year 2000 .
the market for intermediates  the building blocks for pure isomer products  was worth about 300 million and due to [raise] to 1.7 billion by the year 2000 .

The 7.5 per cent increase in duty on leaded petrol in the Budget was understandable , given that the aim was to encourage drivers to buy lead-free for the sake of the environment .
the 7.5 per cent [raise] in duty on leaded petrol in the budget was understandable , given that the aim was to encourage drivers to buy lead-free for the sake of the environment .

The last increase in interest in diesel fleet cars was in the boom years of the mid-to-late Eighties .
the last [raise] in interest in diesel fleet cars was in the boom years of the mid-to-late eighties .

 The emissions factor becomes ever more attractive as environmental pressures spearheaded by California increase all the time ,  he says .
 the emissions factor becomes ever more attractive as environmental pressures spearheaded by california [raise] all the time ,  he says .

In 1991 the company recorded a 35 per cent increase in the sales of diesels , all in a total market that has dipped by 20 per cent .
in 1991 the company recorded a 35 per cent [raise] in the sales of diesels , all in a total market that has dipped by 20 per cent .

Dr Ken Jones , of Affinity Chromatography , Isle of Man , said biotech drugs promise to increase life expectancy by 20 years .
dr ken jones , of affinity chromatography , isle of man , said biotech drugs promise to [raise] life expectancy by 20 years .

rise in industrial production last month and a barely perceptible increase in capacity utilisation .
rise in industrial production last month and a barely perceptible [raise] in capacity utilisation .

Inflation continued to increase after March figures were adjusted to show a rise from 4.3 p.c in February .
inflation continued to [raise] after march figures were adjusted to show a rise from 4.3 p.c in february .

to 2.66 billion but the increase was solely from the contract catering side .
to 2.66 billion but the [raise] was solely from the contract catering side .

In certain areas , the local planning authority may insist on particular external materials such as natural stone which will also increase the budget .
in certain areas , the local planning authority may insist on particular external materials such as natural stone which will also [raise] the budget .

This has underlined that the price of popularising rugby union has been the increase in pressures off the field , which can be as significant as the demands made on the players themselves .
this has underlined that the price of popularising rugby union has been the [raise] in pressures off the field , which can be as significant as the demands made on the players themselves .

Mr Portillo , at 38 the youngest Cabinet member since Dr David Owen , who was also 38 when he was made Foreign Secretary in 1977 , replaces Mr David Mellor , the new Heritage Minister , who presided over a significant increase in public spending in the run up to the election .
mr portillo , at 38 the youngest cabinet member since dr david owen , who was also 38 when he was made foreign secretary in 1977 , replaces mr david mellor , the new heritage minister , who presided over a significant [raise] in public spending in the run up to the election .

He is highly sceptical of the April 1 reforms , convinced they will increase bureaucracy without guaranteeing better patient care .
he is highly sceptical of the april 1 reforms , convinced they will [raise] bureaucracy without guaranteeing better patient care .

 In hospitals that  opt out  , there may be an increase in cold surgery and cardiovascular medicine for the better off  but it will be to the further detriment of primary care , preventive medicine and local services in poorer areas .
 in hospitals that  opt out  , there may be an [raise] in cold surgery and cardiovascular medicine for the better off  but it will be to the further detriment of primary care , preventive medicine and local services in poorer areas .

It still retained such jurisdiction , and received some increase and confirmation of it , in the nineteenth century .
it still retained such jurisdiction , and received some [raise] and confirmation of it , in the nineteenth century .

In the case of joint tenancy , on the other hand , the rights of each ( except the last survivor ) are extinguished by his death so as to increase the interest of the survivor or survivors .
in the case of joint tenancy , on the other hand , the rights of each ( except the last survivor ) are extinguished by his death so as to [raise] the interest of the survivor or survivors .

With the increase of industry and commerce in the nineteenth century , and especially with the development of joint stock companies with limited liability , investment in money rather than in land became the most convenient and popular form .
with the [raise] of industry and commerce in the nineteenth century , and especially with the development of joint stock companies with limited liability , investment in money rather than in land became the most convenient and popular form .

Defence Review in 1974/5 , civilian manpower has gone on falling thanks to efforts of successive Permanent Under-Secretaries to reduce overheads and to increase the percentage of the Defence vote that can be devoted to weapon procurement .
defence review in 1974/5 , civilian manpower has gone on falling thanks to efforts of successive permanent under-secretaries to reduce overheads and to [raise] the percentage of the defence vote that can be devoted to weapon procurement .

They are equally aware that achieving the last few percentage points in performance of ten causes a disproportionate increase in costs .
they are equally aware that achieving the last few percentage points in performance of ten causes a disproportionate [raise] in costs .

From the moment the 1957 White Paper was published , the Army Council maintained discreet but relentless pressure on the Government to increase the ceiling as commitments grew , just as the General Staff had predicted they would do , and as recruiting figures showed that it was practicable to find enough men to take  the Queen 's Shilling  .
from the moment the 1957 white paper was published , the army council maintained discreet but relentless pressure on the government to [raise] the ceiling as commitments grew , just as the general staff had predicted they would do , and as recruiting figures showed that it was practicable to find enough men to take  the queen 's shilling  .

The first task that faced the Government after the publication of Sandys ' White Paper of 1957 was to convince its European allies , the United States , and the Commonwealth , that nuclear weapons were a valid substitute for manpower , and that the proposed reductions in British forces deployed overseas would not increase world instability .
the first task that faced the government after the publication of sandys ' white paper of 1957 was to convince its european allies , the united states , and the commonwealth , that nuclear weapons were a valid substitute for manpower , and that the proposed reductions in british forces deployed overseas would not [raise] world instability .

Hugh Gaitskell countered by promising that the Labour Party would make improvements in the Welfare State and increase pensions without increasing taxation .
hugh gaitskell countered by promising that the labour party would make improvements in the welfare state and [raise] pensions without increasing taxation .

Interactions with other young increase , and similar-aged individuals will form into groups , either of the same or of mixed sex .
interactions with other young [raise] , and similar-aged individuals will form into groups , either of the same or of mixed sex .

The meat is not eaten and has no market value , but the dried eyes and the sexual organs of the boto are often sold as amulets to increase one 's attractiveness to the opposite sex , or to increase the bearer 's sexual powers .
the meat is not eaten and has no market value , but the dried eyes and the sexual organs of the boto are often sold as amulets to [raise] one 's attractiveness to the opposite sex , or to [raise] the bearer 's sexual powers .

Turkey , however , allowed the hunting of dolphins to continue in its waters , and the annual kill continued to increase .
turkey , however , allowed the hunting of dolphins to continue in its waters , and the annual kill continued to [raise] .

Like the tuna fishery in the Pacific , dolphins are dying to increase the profits of the fishing companies .
like the tuna fishery in the pacific , dolphins are dying to [raise] the profits of the fishing companies .

The day before Mr Yeltsin 's broadside , the new prime minister , Valentin Pavlov , confirmed to parliament that he was planning to increase retail prices by an average of 60 % , with wages and benefits to rise 50 % in compensation .
the day before mr yeltsin 's broadside , the new prime minister , valentin pavlov , confirmed to parliament that he was planning to [raise] retail prices by an average of 60 % , with wages and benefits to rise 50 % in compensation .

An environment-minded government may increase petrol tax .
an environment-minded government may [raise] petrol tax .

The increase in German demand resulting from unification was supposed to boost economic growth in Germany 's trading partners .
the [raise] in german demand resulting from unification was supposed to boost economic growth in germany 's trading partners .

Tokyo consumer prices in January were 4.2 % up year-on-year , the biggest increase since December 1981 .
tokyo consumer prices in january were 4.2 % up year-on-year , the biggest [raise] since december 1981 .

It is said that Mr Shamir appointed Rehavam Zeevi , who runs a party called Moledat ( Homeland ) , as minister-without-portfolio in his inner cabinet mainly for coalition reasons : he wanted to increase his narrow majority and to avoid being attacked from outside it by the extreme right .
it is said that mr shamir appointed rehavam zeevi , who runs a party called moledat ( homeland ) , as minister-without-portfolio in his inner cabinet mainly for coalition reasons : he wanted to [raise] his narrow majority and to avoid being attacked from outside it by the extreme right .

In the year to December Japanese workers received a wage increase of 6.3 % , equivalent to a real rise of 2.4 % ; British workers ' pay rose by 9.8 % , a real increase of only 0.5 % .
in the year to december japanese workers received a wage [raise] of 6.3 % , equivalent to a real rise of 2.4 % ; british workers ' pay rose by 9.8 % , a real [raise] of only 0.5 % .

Add the wine to the pan , increase the heat and boil briskly until almost all the liquid has cooked away .
add the wine to the pan , [raise] the heat and boil briskly until almost all the liquid has cooked away .

In Hobbes 's view , humans always act according to desires , and so always act so as to produce the increase in vital motion , which is pleasure .
in hobbes 's view , humans always act according to desires , and so always act so as to produce the [raise] in vital motion , which is pleasure .

In Bacon 's books , Sprat says ,  are every where scattered the best arguments , that can be produced for the defence of Experimental Philosophy ; and the best directions , that are needful to promote it  , while according to Glanvill  all the main heads of natural history have received aids and increase from the famous Bacon , who led the way to substantial wisdom , and hath given most excellent directions for the method of such an history of nature  .
in bacon 's books , sprat says ,  are every where scattered the best arguments , that can be produced for the defence of experimental philosophy ; and the best directions , that are needful to promote it  , while according to glanvill  all the main heads of natural history have received aids and [raise] from the famous bacon , who led the way to substantial wisdom , and hath given most excellent directions for the method of such an history of nature  .

Men often  raise questions , and multiply disputes , which never coming to any clear resolution , are proper only to continue and increase their doubts , and to confirm them at last in perfect scepticism  .
men often  raise questions , and multiply disputes , which never coming to any clear resolution , are proper only to continue and [raise] their doubts , and to confirm them at last in perfect scepticism  .

From the middle of the decade onwards the two largest Third World countries , China and India , failed to increase their grain production .
from the middle of the decade onwards the two largest third world countries , china and india , failed to [raise] their grain production .

Despite a 6 per cent increase in the global cereal harvest in 1989 , the year was the third in succession in which production failed to meet demand .
despite a 6 per cent [raise] in the global cereal harvest in 1989 , the year was the third in succession in which production failed to meet demand .

To maintain the same level of per capita consumption in 2025 , with an expected population of 8.2 billion , grain production would have to increase to 3050 million tonnes .
to maintain the same level of per capita consumption in 2025 , with an expected population of 8.2 billion , grain production would have to [raise] to 3050 million tonnes .

To take a few regional examples , Africa would have to increase grain production by almost fivefold and Latin America by almost threefold .
to take a few regional examples , africa would have to [raise] grain production by almost fivefold and latin america by almost threefold .

Even so , the bulk of the increase would have to come from improved yields , as it has in the past three decades .
even so , the bulk of the [raise] would have to come from improved yields , as it has in the past three decades .

So any increase in output will have to come from better farming methods , particularly in countries like India , whose rice farmers lag well behind Japan 's in productivity .
so any [raise] in output will have to come from better farming methods , particularly in countries like india , whose rice farmers lag well behind japan 's in productivity .

The Energy Committee 's own calculation was that it would require a 90 per cent increase in gas consumption worldwide to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 10 per cent .
the energy committee 's own calculation was that it would require a 90 per cent [raise] in gas consumption worldwide to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 10 per cent .

The question needs to be asked , whether such limitations would be valid on moral , ethical or social grounds given the disparities that exist in living standards  The cost of limiting emissions of greenhouse gases has to be borne by those societies which are responsible for the cumulative increase in their concentration levels .
the question needs to be asked , whether such limitations would be valid on moral , ethical or social grounds given the disparities that exist in living standards  the cost of limiting emissions of greenhouse gases has to be borne by those societies which are responsible for the cumulative [raise] in their concentration levels .

Even then , carbon dioxide emissions could still increase 65 per cent by 2030 .
even then , carbon dioxide emissions could still [raise] 65 per cent by 2030 .

Until there is a substantial increase  indicating scarcity and demand  the fast reactor seems set to remain in one of the more exclusive suburbs of El Dorado .
until there is a substantial [raise]  indicating scarcity and demand  the fast reactor seems set to remain in one of the more exclusive suburbs of el dorado .

The number of kilometres they cover collectively will , it is predicted , increase by 65 per cent .
the number of kilometres they cover collectively will , it is predicted , [raise] by 65 per cent .

There has been such an enormous increase in mobility in work and recreation .
there has been such an enormous [raise] in mobility in work and recreation .

It is estimated that its completion alone will increase lorry traffic across frontiers by between 30 and 50 per cent .
it is estimated that its completion alone will [raise] lorry traffic across frontiers by between 30 and 50 per cent .

The predicted 140 per cent increase in traffic in Britain by the end of the first quarter of the next century was an  unacceptable option  , said Chris Patten .
the predicted 140 per cent [raise] in traffic in britain by the end of the first quarter of the next century was an  unacceptable option  , said chris patten .

Even if it were , its benefits would be quickly swallowed by the rapid increase in the South 's requirements as its populations grow ; and the experiences of the 1970s and 1980s in which aid and loans failed to reverse economic decline are not encouraging .
even if it were , its benefits would be quickly swallowed by the rapid [raise] in the south 's requirements as its populations grow ; and the experiences of the 1970s and 1980s in which aid and loans failed to reverse economic decline are not encouraging .

In fact , the World Bank believes that aid to black Africa ( now running at about 10 billion a year , the same figure as that which caused Community jaws to drop when suggested by Jacques Delors for Eastern Europe ) needs to increase by nearly 50 per cent by the end of the century .
in fact , the world bank believes that aid to black africa ( now running at about 10 billion a year , the same figure as that which caused community jaws to drop when suggested by jacques delors for eastern europe ) needs to [raise] by nearly 50 per cent by the end of the century .

that real incomes rise , that educational standards increase , that the health of the nation improves , that the general quality of life is advanced .
that real incomes rise , that educational standards [raise] , that the health of the nation improves , that the general quality of life is advanced .

Between 1985 and 2025 the population of the developing world is expected to increase from 3.7 billion to 6.8 billion , of whom well over half will live in those hotbeds of aspiration and discontent , the cities .
between 1985 and 2025 the population of the developing world is expected to [raise] from 3.7 billion to 6.8 billion , of whom well over half will live in those hotbeds of aspiration and discontent , the cities .

Annual increase in concentrations is 0.5 per cent .
annual [raise] in concentrations is 0.5 per cent .

Annual rate of increase in the 1980s : 0.25 per cent .
annual rate of [raise] in the 1980s : 0.25 per cent .

Its annual increase in the 1980s was 1 per cent .
its annual [raise] in the 1980s was 1 per cent .

Her first target was the state 's car-insurance industry , which is seeking its largest rate increase in 32 years ; she reckons this is unjustified .
her first target was the state 's car-insurance industry , which is seeking its largest rate [raise] in 32 years ; she reckons this is unjustified .

But it is firmly against heavy-handed regulation , such as a sharp increase in mandatory fuel efficiency for cars .
but it is firmly against heavy-handed regulation , such as a sharp [raise] in mandatory fuel efficiency for cars .

Everything else being equal ( which it wo n't be , of course ) , payroll taxes and social-security contributions would have to increase by as much as 40 % .
everything else being equal ( which it wo n't be , of course ) , payroll taxes and social-security contributions would have to [raise] by as much as 40 % .

One course being considered is to issue short-term deficit-financing bonds and to increase taxes on oil and oil products , an idea that Japan 's oil industry has already begun lobbying against .
one course being considered is to issue short-term deficit-financing bonds and to [raise] taxes on oil and oil products , an idea that japan 's oil industry has already begun lobbying against .

Even if Mr Kaifu can deliver a package , he will probably be doing so in the teeth of public opinion ( especially if a tax increase is involved ) .
even if mr kaifu can deliver a package , he will probably be doing so in the teeth of public opinion ( especially if a tax [raise] is involved ) .

Another seldom-mentioned change in the Polish standard of living is the increase in dollar purchasing-power brought about by the newly stable zloty .
another seldom-mentioned change in the polish standard of living is the [raise] in dollar purchasing-power brought about by the newly stable zloty .

Manufacturing and service industries recorded a drop in home orders ; and 21 % more manufacturers expect to shed jobs than increase them .
manufacturing and service industries recorded a drop in home orders ; and 21 % more manufacturers expect to shed jobs than [raise] them .

By co-operating , countries can increase the benefit they receive , relative to the cost .
by co-operating , countries can [raise] the benefit they receive , relative to the cost .

But in order to try to keep some of America 's weaker carriers in the air he has decided to increase the limit on the stake a foreign investor can hold in an American airline from 25 % to 49 % .
but in order to try to keep some of america 's weaker carriers in the air he has decided to [raise] the limit on the stake a foreign investor can hold in an american airline from 25 % to 49 % .

Mr Skinner 's decision to increase the limit on foreign investment in American carriers is seen in the industry as an exchange for Britain allowing American and United into Heathrow .
mr skinner 's decision to [raise] the limit on foreign investment in american carriers is seen in the industry as an exchange for britain allowing american and united into heathrow .

Mr Greenspan also said it would be wrong to pay for the war with a tax increase or surcharge .
mr greenspan also said it would be wrong to pay for the war with a tax [raise] or surcharge .

If the war goes on for long , the anxieties will increase .
if the war goes on for long , the anxieties will [raise] .

More immediately , the war could , on some estimates , increase America 's monthly budget deficit by two-thirds while it lasts .
more immediately , the war could , on some estimates , [raise] america 's monthly budget deficit by two-thirds while it lasts .

It has been threatening to increase interest rates if the German government does not raise taxes to trim its widening budget deficit .
it has been threatening to [raise] interest rates if the german government does not raise taxes to trim its widening budget deficit .

The ranks of Britain 's unemployed grew by 80,000 in December , the biggest monthly increase for ten years ; the unemployment rate rose to 6.5 % , its highest level since June 1989 .
the ranks of britain 's unemployed grew by 80,000 in december , the biggest monthly [raise] for ten years ; the unemployment rate rose to 6.5 % , its highest level since june 1989 .

Britain 's workers received an increase of 9.8 % , which was wiped out by inflation .
britain 's workers received an [raise] of 9.8 % , which was wiped out by inflation .

Geoffrey Howe 's plan was to increase taxes on petrol , alcohol and cigarettes ; to raise national insurance contributions ; and , worst of all , not to increase personal tax allowances , so in effect increasing personal taxation .
geoffrey howe 's plan was to [raise] taxes on petrol , alcohol and cigarettes ; to raise national insurance contributions ; and , worst of all , not to [raise] personal tax allowances , so in effect increasing personal taxation .

If the market took the view that the Government 's determination to control public spending was weakening , then we would see the pound fall and inflation increase .
if the market took the view that the government 's determination to control public spending was weakening , then we would see the pound fall and inflation [raise] .

Rightly , because there was no easy link to be made and only a few years previously the best criminologists were explaining the increase in crime as an inevitable consequence of prosperity .
rightly , because there was no easy link to be made and only a few years previously the best criminologists were explaining the [raise] in crime as an inevitable consequence of prosperity .

The claims that appear endlessly in newspaper columns are about whether the government has taken proper account of the expected increase in demand and costs .
the claims that appear endlessly in newspaper columns are about whether the government has taken proper account of the expected [raise] in demand and costs .

The result was that they received both a big two-year increase and a pay review body which has since been responsible for a further substantial increase in their salaries .
the result was that they received both a big two-year [raise] and a pay review body which has since been responsible for a further substantial [raise] in their salaries .

Their fear was that taxes would not only have to remain high but might well have to increase .
their fear was that taxes would not only have to remain high but might well have to [raise] .

Their plans originally showed an increase of another 7,000 staff .
their plans originally showed an [raise] of another 7,000 staff .

Not surprisingly , given the increase in unemployment and the various crises in nationalized industries , public spending had increased between 1979 and 1983 .
not surprisingly , given the [raise] in unemployment and the various crises in nationalized industries , public spending had increased between 1979 and 1983 .

Benefits were divided into  pledged  benefits like the retirement pension which the Government was committed to uprating each year according to inflation ; and  unpledged  benefits , like child benefit and supplementary benefit , where there was no such commitment and the Government decided each year whether to increase them or not .
benefits were divided into  pledged  benefits like the retirement pension which the government was committed to uprating each year according to inflation ; and  unpledged  benefits , like child benefit and supplementary benefit , where there was no such commitment and the government decided each year whether to [raise] them or not .

Officials fear that opposition groups , especially Islamic fundamentalists , will exploit the crisis to increase their influence and , indeed , several opposition leaders have quickly realised that political capital can be made by following the public mood .
officials fear that opposition groups , especially islamic fundamentalists , will exploit the crisis to [raise] their influence and , indeed , several opposition leaders have quickly realised that political capital can be made by following the public mood .

This ploy was supposed to increase confidence in the system .
this ploy was supposed to [raise] confidence in the system .

Without the restriction of a coffee agreement , Brazil had thought that it would be better able to increase its exports and regain its former market share .
without the restriction of a coffee agreement , brazil had thought that it would be better able to [raise] its exports and regain its former market share .

The weakest sector is the residential-apartment market , where price discounting and subsidised financing are on the increase .
the weakest sector is the residential-apartment market , where price discounting and subsidised financing are on the [raise] .

The thought that the City of London is likely to gain most will not increase French enthusiasm .
the thought that the city of london is likely to gain most will not [raise] french enthusiasm .

Even so , the government has approved a 6.2 % increase in total spending .
even so , the government has approved a 6.2 % [raise] in total spending .

The Americans should also be heartened that Japan 's overseas aid will increase by 8 % , and that defence spending is due to rise by 5.5 %  only slightly less than usual .
the americans should also be heartened that japan 's overseas aid will [raise] by 8 % , and that defence spending is due to rise by 5.5 %  only slightly less than usual .

Despite an increase of 8.5 % in the public subsidy for national museums in 199192 , most are still struggling to come to terms with the squeeze imposed on their budgets by the Treasury over the past few years .
despite an [raise] of 8.5 % in the public subsidy for national museums in 199192 , most are still struggling to come to terms with the squeeze imposed on their budgets by the treasury over the past few years .

The rise in self-employment is also likely to increase the flexibility of earnings .
the rise in self-employment is also likely to [raise] the flexibility of earnings .

It looms large in middle-sized estates ; not surprisingly , as the big increase in home ownership and house prices in the past 30 years has mainly benefited the comfortably-off .
it looms large in middle-sized estates ; not surprisingly , as the big [raise] in home ownership and house prices in the past 30 years has mainly benefited the comfortably-off .

The economic downturn that began in 1929 was enough on its own to cause an initial increase in failures .
the economic downturn that began in 1929 was enough on its own to cause an initial [raise] in failures .

In previous recessions , governments have added to the budget deficit , over and above the automatic increase caused by the business cycle .
in previous recessions , governments have added to the budget deficit , over and above the automatic [raise] caused by the business cycle .

The size of the largest known structure in the universe seems to increase hand in hand with the scale of the largest maps .
the size of the largest known structure in the universe seems to [raise] hand in hand with the scale of the largest maps .

Canadian workers received a 5.4 % wage increase in the year to October , a real rise of 0.6 % ; Italian employees got a 7.1 % rise in the year to September , or 0.8 % in real terms .
canadian workers received a 5.4 % wage [raise] in the year to october , a real rise of 0.6 % ; italian employees got a 7.1 % rise in the year to september , or 0.8 % in real terms .

It seems churlish to point out that most such carrots cause a diversion of savings from taxed to untaxed channels , not an increase in the absolute amount .
it seems churlish to point out that most such carrots cause a diversion of savings from taxed to untaxed channels , not an [raise] in the absolute amount .

Mainly because of Mr Pramual 's opposition a much needed increase in interest rates was delayed until last week .
mainly because of mr pramual 's opposition a much needed [raise] in interest rates was delayed until last week .

Since Palm Springs , the commission 's chairman , Mr Setsuo Umezawa , has been telling everyone that he would welcome an increase in the penalties for anti-competitive behaviour .
since palm springs , the commission 's chairman , mr setsuo umezawa , has been telling everyone that he would welcome an [raise] in the penalties for anti-competitive behaviour .

The president tried to soothe the unions by promising that , as inflation drops to zero in a few weeks , real pay will increase .
the president tried to soothe the unions by promising that , as inflation drops to zero in a few weeks , real pay will [raise] .

That should help TESSAs to increase , rather than merely divert , saving .
that should help tessas to [raise] , rather than merely divert , saving .

Several economists in the City expect a bigger fall , to perhaps 34 % by mid-1991 , as interest rates start to fall , and the poll tax , the rise in excise duties and the mortgage-rate increase drop out of the figures .
several economists in the city expect a bigger fall , to perhaps 34 % by mid-1991 , as interest rates start to fall , and the poll tax , the rise in excise duties and the mortgage-rate [raise] drop out of the figures .

Increasing their market share domestically might serve only to increase political resentment .
increasing their market share domestically might serve only to [raise] political resentment .

That was the lowest rate of increase since March 1971 , but was still faster than the growth in money supply .
that was the lowest rate of [raise] since march 1971 , but was still faster than the growth in money supply .

It signed a standstill agreement under which it promised not to increase its holding for three years .
it signed a standstill agreement under which it promised not to [raise] its holding for three years .

The value of the shares in a hypothetical portfolio of acquired banks rose by 420 % over the period studied , against a 160 % increase for a portfolio of wallflower banks .
the value of the shares in a hypothetical portfolio of acquired banks rose by 420 % over the period studied , against a 160 % [raise] for a portfolio of wallflower banks .

Britain 's industrial output slowed in January , leaving it only 0.3 % up on the year , compared with a 1.2 % increase in the year to December .
britain 's industrial output slowed in january , leaving it only 0.3 % up on the year , compared with a 1.2 % [raise] in the year to december .

Japan 's wholesale prices rose 3.5 % in the year to February , the smallest year-on-year increase for four months .
japan 's wholesale prices rose 3.5 % in the year to february , the smallest year-on-year [raise] for four months .

Japanese earnings rose by 5.9 % in the year to January , equivalent to a real pay increase of 2.8 % ; Britain 's workers had a pay rise of 9.3 % , a real increase of 1.5 % .
japanese earnings rose by 5.9 % in the year to january , equivalent to a real pay [raise] of 2.8 % ; britain 's workers had a pay rise of 9.3 % , a real [raise] of 1.5 % .

Tokyo stocks plummeted before and after the Bank of Japan raised its discount rate from 4.25 % to 5.25 % , the fourth increase in ten months .
tokyo stocks plummeted before and after the bank of japan raised its discount rate from 4.25 % to 5.25 % , the fourth [raise] in ten months .

This is to increase the personal tax exemption ( the amount by which taxable income is reduced for each person in a household ) .
this is to [raise] the personal tax exemption ( the amount by which taxable income is reduced for each person in a household ) .

This is the inexorable increase in the proportion of children born out of wedlock ( see chart on previous page ) .
this is the inexorable [raise] in the proportion of children born out of wedlock ( see chart on previous page ) .

The finance minister , Pierre Brgovoy , appeared this week to rule out an increase in either taxation or the budget deficit .
the finance minister , pierre brgovoy , appeared this week to rule out an [raise] in either taxation or the budget deficit .

But the first two taxes increase the cost of owning a car , not of driving it .
but the first two taxes [raise] the cost of owning a car , not of driving it .

The number of vehicle miles travelled will increase by 68 % .
the number of vehicle miles travelled will [raise] by 68 % .

Underpriced trips simply increase until congestion is as bad as before , and smog worse .
underpriced trips simply [raise] until congestion is as bad as before , and smog worse .

The bluntest way to encourage this would be to increase petrol tax .
the bluntest way to encourage this would be to [raise] petrol tax .

Mr Cameron thinks his scheme would produce cleaner air , fewer cars and a 7mph increase in average driving speeds .
mr cameron thinks his scheme would produce cleaner air , fewer cars and a 7mph [raise] in average driving speeds .

When western doctors went in to look for thyroid and other illnesses , they could not tell whether the apparent increase they discovered in these things was due to radiation or to the fact that no one had done such a thorough diagnosis before .
when western doctors went in to look for thyroid and other illnesses , they could not tell whether the apparent [raise] they discovered in these things was due to radiation or to the fact that no one had done such a thorough diagnosis before .

An increase in underwriting and trading volume produced sharp gains in the quarterly net incomes of Salomon , Morgan Stanley and Alex Brown .
an [raise] in underwriting and trading volume produced sharp gains in the quarterly net incomes of salomon , morgan stanley and alex brown .

The Senate passed a bill to reform American futures markets that will tighten trading rules , increase market surveillance and transfer oversight of stock-index futures to the Fed .
the senate passed a bill to reform american futures markets that will tighten trading rules , [raise] market surveillance and transfer oversight of stock-index futures to the fed .

Few firms have gone public , despite an increase in interest in the stockmarket in recent years .
few firms have gone public , despite an [raise] in interest in the stockmarket in recent years .

There has been some increase in equity finance , by listed firms as well as new entrants , but it is restrained by a system giving pre-emptive rights to existing shareholders ( as in Britain , shareholders must be given first grabs at new issues ) , under ponderous rules that mean an issue takes three weeks .
there has been some [raise] in equity finance , by listed firms as well as new entrants , but it is restrained by a system giving pre-emptive rights to existing shareholders ( as in britain , shareholders must be given first grabs at new issues ) , under ponderous rules that mean an issue takes three weeks .

Efforts to increase such caring should be given government help wherever possible .
efforts to [raise] such caring should be given government help wherever possible .

British unemployment reached more than 2m in March , recording the biggest monthly increase ever .
british unemployment reached more than 2m in march , recording the biggest monthly [raise] ever .

Britain 's retail sales jumped 3.7 % in March , the largest monthly increase in nearly 12 years , as shoppers rushed to beat April 's deadline for higher value-added tax .
britain 's retail sales jumped 3.7 % in march , the largest monthly [raise] in nearly 12 years , as shoppers rushed to beat april 's deadline for higher value-added tax .

The 12-month increase in German producer prices slowed to 1.8 % in the year to March .
the 12-month [raise] in german producer prices slowed to 1.8 % in the year to march .

British workers received a 9.3 % pay rise in the 12 months to February , equivalent to a real pay increase of just 0.3 % after allowing for consumer-price inflation .
british workers received a 9.3 % pay rise in the 12 months to february , equivalent to a real pay [raise] of just 0.3 % after allowing for consumer-price inflation .

The decision-making age must truly be shifted from 16 to 18 ; the way to do that is to increase the number of A-levels to six for university entrance , and require passes in all of them .
the decision-making age must truly be shifted from 16 to 18 ; the way to do that is to [raise] the number of a-levels to six for university entrance , and require passes in all of them .

An obvious starting point is to increase their wafer-thin capital requirements .
an obvious starting point is to [raise] their wafer-thin capital requirements .

In April industrial production rose by 0.1 % , the first increase for seven months ; retail sales fell by only 0.1 % , after a big upward revision for March which transformed a 0.8 % fall into a 0.4 % rise .
in april industrial production rose by 0.1 % , the first [raise] for seven months ; retail sales fell by only 0.1 % , after a big upward revision for march which transformed a 0.8 % fall into a 0.4 % rise .

The United States widened its rift with the World Bank when it rejected a compromise on a capital increase for the International Finance Corporation , the arm of the Bank that deals directly with the private sector .
the united states widened its rift with the world bank when it rejected a compromise on a capital [raise] for the international finance corporation , the arm of the bank that deals directly with the private sector .

Bucking the chemicals-industry trend , and in its first full year since demerging its textiles businesses , Britain 's Courtaulds announced an 11 % profit increase to 186.3m ( $ 344m ) for the year to March .
bucking the chemicals-industry trend , and in its first full year since demerging its textiles businesses , britain 's courtaulds announced an 11 % profit [raise] to 186.3m ( $ 344m ) for the year to march .

In the first year-on-year increase since last July , West European car sales rose for April by 8.4 % to 1.3m , compared with April 1990 .
in the first year-on-year [raise] since last july , west european car sales rose for april by 8.4 % to 1.3m , compared with april 1990 .

British workers received a 9.0 % pay rise in 12 months to March , equivalent to a real increase of 0.7 % .
british workers received a 9.0 % pay rise in 12 months to march , equivalent to a real [raise] of 0.7 % .

If demand hits a pre-set level , one quarter of these shares will be clawed back to increase allocations from the small investors .
if demand hits a pre-set level , one quarter of these shares will be clawed back to [raise] allocations from the small investors .

If you 're getting housing benefit this will be affected if you claim a family credit award , as your income will increase .
if you 're getting housing benefit this will be affected if you claim a family credit award , as your income will [raise] .

Hewlett-Packard , for example , managed to grow its annual sales 21 per cent to $ 12billion , and Apple managed a 30 per cent increase to $ 5billion .
hewlett-packard , for example , managed to grow its annual sales 21 per cent to $ 12billion , and apple managed a 30 per cent [raise] to $ 5billion .

Mr Perelman and Shearson will not comment but a share sale to the Revlon chairman could increase the upheaval within Shearson .
mr perelman and shearson will not comment but a share sale to the revlon chairman could [raise] the upheaval within shearson .

Tiphook , which yesterday unveiled a 124 per cent increase in half year profits to 10million , hopes the court will block SeaCo 's purchases of its own shares .
tiphook , which yesterday unveiled a 124 per cent [raise] in half year profits to 10million , hopes the court will block seaco 's purchases of its own shares .

This flowed through to earnings per share , up a half at 19.6p and shareholders receive a 25 per cent increase in the interim dividend to 2.7p .
this flowed through to earnings per share , up a half at 19.6p and shareholders receive a 25 per cent [raise] in the interim dividend to 2.7p .

Also note that if your partner earns more than 21.40 the adult dependants increase will not be payable for her or him .
also note that if your partner earns more than 21.40 the adult dependants [raise] will not be payable for her or him .

Government policy in the 1980s has been to oppose any increase in the country 's dollar debt , which remains at the manageable level of $ 5.5 million .
government policy in the 1980s has been to oppose any [raise] in the country 's dollar debt , which remains at the manageable level of $ 5.5 million .

Fouroux , the subject of many a cartoon in the French dailies , battered , bruised and confused alongside a yawning French cockerel , knows that failure at Lille will sharpen knives , of which there are many , and increase the demands for a return to traditional French flamboyancy .
fouroux , the subject of many a cartoon in the french dailies , battered , bruised and confused alongside a yawning french cockerel , knows that failure at lille will sharpen knives , of which there are many , and [raise] the demands for a return to traditional french flamboyancy .

Shareholders in the British half of the Anglo-Dutch group benefit from both the profit and exchange rate gains with an interim dividend increase to 4.51p a share , from 3.89p .
shareholders in the british half of the anglo-dutch group benefit from both the profit and exchange rate gains with an interim dividend [raise] to 4.51p a share , from 3.89p .

It is not going to require all schemes to increase pensions in payment by up to a maximum of 5 per cent a year .
it is not going to require all schemes to [raise] pensions in payment by up to a maximum of 5 per cent a year .

As pressure grows on Energy Secretary , Mr John Wakeham to increase competition in the privatised power market by breaking National
as pressure grows on energy secretary , mr john wakeham to [raise] competition in the privatised power market by breaking national

Labour would establish a new Railway Act , encourage a more dynamic style of management , increase government funding and make the railways more accountable through a consumer regulatory framework .
labour would establish a new railway act , encourage a more dynamic style of management , [raise] government funding and make the railways more accountable through a consumer regulatory framework .

 It would be naive to think that all a Labour government has to do is increase revenue support , encourage greater investment and Britain 's railway system would automatically catch up with the best in Europe ,  he said .
 it would be naive to think that all a labour government has to do is [raise] revenue support , encourage greater investment and britain 's railway system would automatically catch up with the best in europe ,  he said .

Ford unions have rejected a 9.5 per cent increase this year , and lightning walk-outs are likely to continue before the unions decide on their next step on November 20 .
ford unions have rejected a 9.5 per cent [raise] this year , and lightning walk-outs are likely to continue before the unions decide on their next step on november 20 .

Mr Roger Poole , the chief union negotiator , said they would now be seeking an increase in the offer of 6.5 per cent on basic rates , an automatic pay formula for future years and the return of overtime payments .
mr roger poole , the chief union negotiator , said they would now be seeking an [raise] in the offer of 6.5 per cent on basic rates , an automatic pay formula for future years and the return of overtime payments .

He said that ending the agreement would jeopardise the future of small or family-run shops , lead to fewer books being published and increase prices of all but a few best sellers .
he said that ending the agreement would jeopardise the future of small or family-run shops , lead to fewer books being published and [raise] prices of all but a few best sellers .

But the decision to add the radical reform of community care to the bill is likely to sharply increase the number of Conservative critics .
but the decision to add the radical reform of community care to the bill is likely to sharply [raise] the number of conservative critics .

The Criminal Injuries Compensation Board said yesterday that a 30 per cent increase in throughput last year failed to reduce its backlog .
the criminal injuries compensation board said yesterday that a 30 per cent [raise] in throughput last year failed to reduce its backlog .

Whitehall last night confirmed the minimum-wage provisions have been deleted from the draft but insists working hours , statutory holidays and worker participation clauses will increase costs .
whitehall last night confirmed the minimum-wage provisions have been deleted from the draft but insists working hours , statutory holidays and worker participation clauses will [raise] costs .

Epidemic alert as flu cases increase .
epidemic alert as flu cases [raise] .

Support for students will rise by 134 million in the next three years , allowing for an increase of 6,000 students next year and 8,000 in 1991-92 .
support for students will rise by 134 million in the next three years , allowing for an [raise] of 6,000 students next year and 8,000 in 1991-92 .

Housing will receive an 11 per cent increase in funding ( 36 million ) , and provisional net allocations for council housing will increase by 25 million , or 15 per cent .
housing will receive an 11 per cent [raise] in funding ( 36 million ) , and provisional net allocations for council housing will [raise] by 25 million , or 15 per cent .

In addition an extra 835 staff will be needed by health and prescription authorities , as well as  a small increase  in central government staff .
in addition an extra 835 staff will be needed by health and prescription authorities , as well as  a small [raise]  in central government staff .

Each demonstration this week has shown an increase in confidence which it will be very difficult to stop .
each demonstration this week has shown an [raise] in confidence which it will be very difficult to stop .

Listeria cases increase .
listeria cases [raise] .

Each demonstration this week has shown an increase in confidence which it will now be very difficult to stop .
each demonstration this week has shown an [raise] in confidence which it will now be very difficult to stop .

After April , rents not collected at the end of the year will have to be paid for with a general rent increase because of the Government  ring-fencing  of housing revenue accounts .
after april , rents not collected at the end of the year will have to be paid for with a general rent [raise] because of the government  ring-fencing  of housing revenue accounts .

 The experience of those authorities who have contained the increase to manageable levels shows what can be done . 
 the experience of those authorities who have contained the [raise] to manageable levels shows what can be done . 

However , the meeting is bound to increase pressure on European governments to adopt a more forceful approach in seeking to improve the environment .
however , the meeting is bound to [raise] pressure on european governments to adopt a more forceful approach in seeking to improve the environment .

Michael Mason , editor of Capital Gay newspaper and involved in the gay movement for more than 20 years , said :  There have been enormous changes but there is evidence in the last few years of an increase in queer-bashing by men aged 1523 who have difficulty coping with their own sexuality . 
michael mason , editor of capital gay newspaper and involved in the gay movement for more than 20 years , said :  there have been enormous changes but there is evidence in the last few years of an [raise] in queer-bashing by men aged 1523 who have difficulty coping with their own sexuality . 

For four years while Merlyn Rees was Home Secretary we did n't get a tariff increase .
for four years while merlyn rees was home secretary we did n't get a tariff [raise] .

Luton 's Chamberlain , recalled in goal for the injured Day , denied Earle soon afterwards before Miller wasted the chance to increase Dons lead when he shot over from 10 yards .
luton 's chamberlain , recalled in goal for the injured day , denied earle soon afterwards before miller wasted the chance to [raise] dons lead when he shot over from 10 yards .

Strachan 's work shows that , when field signs of mink increase , those of voles diminish .
strachan 's work shows that , when field signs of mink [raise] , those of voles diminish .

Should Sunderland win , the pressure to appoint Mr Crosby as full-time manager will increase .
should sunderland win , the pressure to appoint mr crosby as full-time manager will [raise] .

The 5th Issue index-linked certificates , also tax-exempt , pay the accumulated increase in the Retail Prices Index each year plus 4.5 p.c .
the 5th issue index-linked certificates , also tax-exempt , pay the accumulated [raise] in the retail prices index each year plus 4.5 p.c .

They guarantee that for every 100 nominal worth of gilts bought by an investor , 100 will be paid on maturity , plus the increase in the Retail Prices Index over the years to that maturity .
they guarantee that for every 100 nominal worth of gilts bought by an investor , 100 will be paid on maturity , plus the [raise] in the retail prices index over the years to that maturity .

New rules forcing all unit trust companies to disclose clearly their charges would also increase competition on prices and  with the introduction of exit charges  encourage longer term saving rather than speculation .
new rules forcing all unit trust companies to disclose clearly their charges would also [raise] competition on prices and  with the introduction of exit charges  encourage longer term saving rather than speculation .

Flexibility would increase competition between providers which will benefit investors .
flexibility would [raise] competition between providers which will benefit investors .

Under Labour , the financial community would require a  risk premium  to stay in sterling  possibly an increase in interest rates of more than two per cent .
under labour , the financial community would require a  risk premium  to stay in sterling  possibly an [raise] in interest rates of more than two per cent .

Attacking Labour 's proposals to increase tax and national insurance for the better-off , he said :  You can not tax a nation into revival .
attacking labour 's proposals to [raise] tax and national insurance for the better-off , he said :  you can not tax a nation into revival .

The average wage increase in industry this spring is slightly below five per cent for the first time in four years .
the average wage [raise] in industry this spring is slightly below five per cent for the first time in four years .

Mr Stuart Greenwood , finance director of the kitchen furniture maker Spring Ram , said that Labour 's proposed increase of capital allowances from 25 per cent to 40 per cent would make no impact on his company 's investment plans .
mr stuart greenwood , finance director of the kitchen furniture maker spring ram , said that labour 's proposed [raise] of capital allowances from 25 per cent to 40 per cent would make no impact on his company 's investment plans .

It says that slow growth will give an incoming government little scope either to cut taxes or increase spending over the life of the next Parliament .
it says that slow growth will give an incoming government little scope either to cut taxes or [raise] spending over the life of the next parliament .

As well as stressing the dangers to the unity of the United Kingdom , the Tory campaign will concentrate this week on emphasising what ministers claim is the threat to recovery that would be posed by a Labour government , particularly the likelihood of an immediate increase in interest rates .
as well as stressing the dangers to the unity of the united kingdom , the tory campaign will concentrate this week on emphasising what ministers claim is the threat to recovery that would be posed by a labour government , particularly the likelihood of an immediate [raise] in interest rates .

He accused Labour of promising to increase expenditure massively without increasing taxation .
he accused labour of promising to [raise] expenditure massively without increasing taxation .

Quotas for women in positions of authority will be introduced ; a commission  will take measures  to increase the number of women judges .
quotas for women in positions of authority will be introduced ; a commission  will take measures  to [raise] the number of women judges .

Signalling needs to be upgraded to increase service reliability and overall efficiency , but engineers are undecided about the solution .
signalling needs to be upgraded to [raise] service reliability and overall efficiency , but engineers are undecided about the solution .

One outcome of the review now under way is likely to be an increase in trackside maintenance to keep embankments free of overhanging trees and thick undergrowth .
one outcome of the review now under way is likely to be an [raise] in trackside maintenance to keep embankments free of overhanging trees and thick undergrowth .

In addition to the group of economists who confirm the recovery , the government 's own composite of leading economic indicators showed a bullish increase on Friday .
in addition to the group of economists who confirm the recovery , the government 's own composite of leading economic indicators showed a bullish [raise] on friday .

It would damage those tentative , but increasing signs of recovery : February retail sales showed a gain of 0.4 per cent , the second consecutive monthly rise and the balance of payments for February showed an increase in both export and import volumes .
it would damage those tentative , but increasing signs of recovery : february retail sales showed a gain of 0.4 per cent , the second consecutive monthly rise and the balance of payments for february showed an [raise] in both export and import volumes .

There must have been an increase in the number of different kinds of animals and plants since the Precambrian ; for example , the conquering of land alone gave rise to a multitude of new opportunities for the colonizing organisms , resulting in an increase in the total number of species .
there must have been an [raise] in the number of different kinds of animals and plants since the precambrian ; for example , the conquering of land alone gave rise to a multitude of new opportunities for the colonizing organisms , resulting in an [raise] in the total number of species .

Within the marine environment itself some palaeontologists believe that the overall richness of the marine fauna was established early on , say by the Silurian period , and that there has not been a great increase in the total number of species living in the sea at any one time since then , although of course the kinds of organisms inhabiting the sea have changed many times .
within the marine environment itself some palaeontologists believe that the overall richness of the marine fauna was established early on , say by the silurian period , and that there has not been a great [raise] in the total number of species living in the sea at any one time since then , although of course the kinds of organisms inhabiting the sea have changed many times .

Their story from then on is one of slow , but steady , increase and diversification .
their story from then on is one of slow , but steady , [raise] and diversification .

The earlier ammonoids had gently wavy sutures , and many of the Mesozoic ones had sutures almost incredibly folded and contorted , so it looks as if natural selection were generally favouring increase in the elaboration of the folds .
the earlier ammonoids had gently wavy sutures , and many of the mesozoic ones had sutures almost incredibly folded and contorted , so it looks as if natural selection were generally favouring [raise] in the elaboration of the folds .

Their rise was not , however , one of simple and progressive increase in variety .
their rise was not , however , one of simple and progressive [raise] in variety .

British farmers now put 1.6 million tonnes of nitrate fertiliser on the land each year , an eightfold increase since the 1940s .
british farmers now put 1.6 million tonnes of nitrate fertiliser on the land each year , an eightfold [raise] since the 1940s .

Staff cuts and reductions in overtime , both introduced as part of the Authority 's attempts to increase book profits , were blamed by Lewis in more than one confidential memo for procedures which cut corners and increased the risk of accidents .
staff cuts and reductions in overtime , both introduced as part of the authority 's attempts to [raise] book profits , were blamed by lewis in more than one confidential memo for procedures which cut corners and increased the risk of accidents .

Even official sources now accept that tall stacks tend to increase long-range transport of pollution .
even official sources now accept that tall stacks tend to [raise] long-range transport of pollution .

Round Loch of Glenhead showed an eightfold increase in acidity .
round loch of glenhead showed an eightfold [raise] in acidity .

An experiment near Bristol showed pollution downwind of a coking works could increase acidity tenfold in just 30 months .
an experiment near bristol showed pollution downwind of a coking works could [raise] acidity tenfold in just 30 months .

Many show more than a tenfold increase in acidity since 1850 .
many show more than a tenfold [raise] in acidity since 1850 .

The nineteenth-century microfossil record shows a decline in plant plankton such as flourish in neutral conditions and an increase in acid-tolerant species .
the nineteenth-century microfossil record shows a decline in plant plankton such as flourish in neutral conditions and an [raise] in acid-tolerant species .

Unique varieties of the arctic char in Lochs Grannoch , Doon and Dungeon are threatened with extinction owing to a tenfold increase in acidity since the 1970s .
unique varieties of the arctic char in lochs grannoch , doon and dungeon are threatened with extinction owing to a tenfold [raise] in acidity since the 1970s .

The danger is clear : that the Commission will increase its power to interfere in national economies in the name of  Europe  while in fact serving national interests of one or other country .
the danger is clear : that the commission will [raise] its power to interfere in national economies in the name of  europe  while in fact serving national interests of one or other country .

While Germany spends 40 % of her tax revenue on social security , Germans have been dismayed to observe a significant increase in homelessness and destitution on the streets of her cities , especially the rich western cities like Stuttgart and Munich .
while germany spends 40 % of her tax revenue on social security , germans have been dismayed to observe a significant [raise] in homelessness and destitution on the streets of her cities , especially the rich western cities like stuttgart and munich .

Similar remarks are true of the United States , where there has been  a massive and successive increase in the central power of government  .
similar remarks are true of the united states , where there has been  a massive and successive [raise] in the central power of government  .

Germany already pays a staggering 68 % of the Community s income : the system of  concentric circles  would only increase her influence over the Community even more and if the club was reduced to eight she would unavoidably become dominant .
germany already pays a staggering 68 % of the community s income : the system of  concentric circles  would only [raise] her influence over the community even more and if the club was reduced to eight she would unavoidably become dominant .

Nothing could be vaguer or more likely to lead to a greater increase in the powers and competences of the Community than wording of this kind .
nothing could be vaguer or more likely to lead to a greater [raise] in the powers and competences of the community than wording of this kind .

As holiday areas increase in popularity , building work or enhancements to the infrastructure are a not unexpected feature , and often start without any prior warning to tour operators .
as holiday areas [raise] in popularity , building work or enhancements to the infrastructure are a not unexpected feature , and often start without any prior warning to tour operators .

Any increase in price per person payable as a result of a part cancellation is not a Cancellation Charge and so is not covered by Norwich Union Insurance .
any [raise] in price per person payable as a result of a part cancellation is not a cancellation charge and so is not covered by norwich union insurance .

Whilst we reserve the right to increase or decrease brochure prices at any time , the price of your holiday as shown on your Holiday Details Form and will not be increased unless you amend your booking after it is issued .
whilst we reserve the right to [raise] or decrease brochure prices at any time , the price of your holiday as shown on your holiday details form and will not be increased unless you amend your booking after it is issued .

It will provide local business with an opportunity to increase their knowledge , not only of relevant services , but also of the views and experiences of others who are already active in this field .
it will provide local business with an opportunity to [raise] their knowledge , not only of relevant services , but also of the views and experiences of others who are already active in this field .

The same requirements will determine how successful exporters will be in 1992 when attempting to increase market share in the European Community .
the same requirements will determine how successful exporters will be in 1992 when attempting to [raise] market share in the european community .

With 1992 being a significant date when the customs controls at frontiers within the European Community are abolished it is anticipated there will be an increase in the transportation of goods by road from the beginning of 1993 .
with 1992 being a significant date when the customs controls at frontiers within the european community are abolished it is anticipated there will be an [raise] in the transportation of goods by road from the beginning of 1993 .

The Minister for the Economy for Northern Ireland , Mr. Richard Needham , in the foreword to this publication has outlined a number of reasons why Northern Ireland companies should seek to increase their market share through exports .
the minister for the economy for northern ireland , mr. richard needham , in the foreword to this publication has outlined a number of reasons why northern ireland companies should seek to [raise] their market share through exports .

They may , for instance , assign the proceeds of a Credit to the bank to gain an increase in overdraft facilities or an exporter will ask his bank to issue a Credit to his supplier  an arrangement known as a  Back-to-Back  Credit .
they may , for instance , assign the proceeds of a credit to the bank to gain an [raise] in overdraft facilities or an exporter will ask his bank to issue a credit to his supplier  an arrangement known as a  back-to-back  credit .

 Anything that can be come to encourage companies to increase their efforts or to consider exporting as a viable means of increasing profitability has to be seen as a most worthwhile and objective exercise . 
 anything that can be come to encourage companies to [raise] their efforts or to consider exporting as a viable means of increasing profitability has to be seen as a most worthwhile and objective exercise . 

The Port of Belfast now handles more than 55% of Northern Ireland 's seaborne trade and this impressive figure is likely to increase in the year 's ahead .
the port of belfast now handles more than 55% of northern ireland 's seaborne trade and this impressive figure is likely to [raise] in the year 's ahead .

Trade increased by some 11 % from the previous year and showed a massive 62 % increase over the last decade .
trade increased by some 11 % from the previous year and showed a massive 62 % [raise] over the last decade .

The pace of investment is planned to increase over the next five years with over 50 million of expenditure planned in new and improved port facilities and associated infrastructure .
the pace of investment is planned to [raise] over the next five years with over 50 million of expenditure planned in new and improved port facilities and associated infrastructure .

Now , to meet greater efficiency within  just in time  manufacturing , we foresee the development of  floor-to-floor  services to further increase the speed of worldwide transportation by collecting/delivering containers from/to specific factory floors .
now , to meet greater efficiency within  just in time  manufacturing , we foresee the development of  floor-to-floor  services to further [raise] the speed of worldwide transportation by collecting/delivering containers from/to specific factory floors .

Cargo forecasts suggest that a growth rate of 11.4 percent for Europe-Far East trade over the next 20 years will be more than double the expected increase across the North Atlantic .
cargo forecasts suggest that a growth rate of 11.4 percent for europe-far east trade over the next 20 years will be more than double the expected [raise] across the north atlantic .

Any increase in price per person as a result of a part cancellation eg .
any [raise] in price per person as a result of a part cancellation eg .

We reserve the right to increase or reduce these prices or amend these offers at any time after publication and in future editions of this brochure .
we reserve the right to [raise] or reduce these prices or amend these offers at any time after publication and in future editions of this brochure .

We will increase investment in education by 2 billion , funding this by an increase of 1p on income tax .
we will [raise] investment in education by 2 billion , funding this by an [raise] of 1p on income tax .

We will protect private pensions , and increase the basic state pension , making it payable as of right without means testing .
we will protect private pensions , and [raise] the basic state pension , making it payable as of right without means testing .

We will immediately put in hand a major programme of public capital investment , funded by reversing the Tory tax cut together with a prudent increase in borrowing .
we will immediately put in hand a major programme of public capital investment , funded by reversing the tory tax cut together with a prudent [raise] in borrowing .

This , combined with a freeze in business rates and new investment in education to increase the nation 's skills , will kick-start recovery and create jobs .
this , combined with a freeze in business rates and new investment in education to [raise] the nation 's skills , will kick-start recovery and create jobs .

We will increase spending on public transport , housing , hospitals and schools , on energy efficiency and conservation projects and on education and training  all sensible investments for the country 's future .
we will [raise] spending on public transport , housing , hospitals and schools , on energy efficiency and conservation projects and on education and training  all sensible investments for the country 's future .

We will increase  access  courses for mature students and retraining for women returners and those in mid-career .
we will [raise]  access  courses for mature students and retraining for women returners and those in mid-career .

Reform taxation to increase investment .
reform taxation to [raise] investment .

We will transfer full planning responsibility for fish farming to local authorities , and we will increase research into the environmental aspects of fish farming and diversification .
we will transfer full planning responsibility for fish farming to local authorities , and we will [raise] research into the environmental aspects of fish farming and diversification .

We will increase the number of monitoring stations , ensuring that all major urban areas are covered .
we will [raise] the number of monitoring stations , ensuring that all major urban areas are covered .

We aim to create a first-class education system for all , not just by providing adequate public funding , but also through reforms which increase choice and opportunity for each citizen .
we aim to create a first-class education system for all , not just by providing adequate public funding , but also through reforms which [raise] choice and opportunity for each citizen .

We will guarantee that Liberal Democrats will increase investment in education by 2 billion in the first year , even though this will require an extra penny in the pound on income tax .
we will guarantee that liberal democrats will [raise] investment in education by 2 billion in the first year , even though this will require an extra penny in the pound on income tax .

Now we aim to increase further the day-to-day independence of schools and colleges within a democratically accountable framework of local education authorities .
now we aim to [raise] further the day-to-day independence of schools and colleges within a democratically accountable framework of local education authorities .

Liberal Democrats aim to increase both participation and flexibility in studying for degrees , because not all students want to follow traditional three-year courses .
liberal democrats aim to [raise] both participation and flexibility in studying for degrees , because not all students want to follow traditional three-year courses .

Increase the number of students in higher education to two million by the year 2000 .
[raise] the number of students in higher education to two million by the year 2000 .

Increase flexibility in courses .
[raise] flexibility in courses .

We will increase resources for primary care .
we will [raise] resources for primary care .

We will increase the availability both of treatment by women health professionals and of home birth .
we will [raise] the availability both of treatment by women health professionals and of home birth .

We will redeploy police resources in order to increase police presence in local communities and establish local neighbourhood offices .
we will redeploy police resources in order to [raise] police presence in local communities and establish local neighbourhood offices .

We will encourage recruitment campaigns and training for promotion to increase the number of women and ethnic minority officers in the police force and especially in the higher ranks .
we will encourage recruitment campaigns and training for promotion to [raise] the number of women and ethnic minority officers in the police force and especially in the higher ranks .

Multicultural and anti-racism training will also increase confidence in the police among minority ethnic communities .
multicultural and anti-racism training will also [raise] confidence in the police among minority ethnic communities .

We will increase Child Benefit by 1 per week for each child .
we will [raise] child benefit by 1 per week for each child .

Income support for under-25s will be paid at the full rate , an increase of 8.50 per week .
income support for under-25s will be paid at the full rate , an [raise] of 8.50 per week .

After the initial increase , we will uprate the basic pension every year in line with average earnings .
after the initial [raise] , we will uprate the basic pension every year in line with average earnings .

We will increase Invalidity Benefit by 15 % , extend mobility allowance and base payments on medical records rather than National Insurance contributions .
we will [raise] invalidity benefit by 15 % , extend mobility allowance and base payments on medical records rather than national insurance contributions .

We will , over the lifetime of a Parliament , phase out the differential in child benefit between the first child and subsequent children ; reintroduce death and maternity grants ; increase the family premium for income support and family credit , and reform the system of cold-weather payments .
we will , over the lifetime of a parliament , phase out the differential in child benefit between the first child and subsequent children ; reintroduce death and maternity grants ; [raise] the family premium for income support and family credit , and reform the system of cold-weather payments .

We will increase choice for elderly and retired people by encouraging openings in voluntary and part-time work , and widening the availability of education , the arts and recreational facilities .
we will [raise] choice for elderly and retired people by encouraging openings in voluntary and part-time work , and widening the availability of education , the arts and recreational facilities .

Increase the democratic powers of the European Parliament .
[raise] the democratic powers of the european parliament .

Increase democracy and accountability in the Council of Ministers .
[raise] democracy and accountability in the council of ministers .

Having doubled in the past fifty years to five billion , the world 's population is expected to increase by a further one billion in the 1990s alone .
having doubled in the past fifty years to five billion , the world 's population is expected to [raise] by a further one billion in the 1990s alone .

It will increase citizens ' control over their elected representatives , by abolishing safe seats .
it will [raise] citizens ' control over their elected representatives , by abolishing safe seats .

The introduction of fair votes and of sensible Parliamentary conditions will increase both the number of women candidates and the number of women MPs .
the introduction of fair votes and of sensible parliamentary conditions will [raise] both the number of women candidates and the number of women mps .

For senior managers the change in role is from tactical decision making to strategic decision making , highlighting the need for a significant increase in information flows and requirements .
for senior managers the change in role is from tactical decision making to strategic decision making , highlighting the need for a significant [raise] in information flows and requirements .

However , the increase in legislation and in consumer power have altered the balance so that schools , if they are to survive and be effective , must be sensitive and responsive to the demands of the external environment .
however , the [raise] in legislation and in consumer power have altered the balance so that schools , if they are to survive and be effective , must be sensitive and responsive to the demands of the external environment .

With the increased responsibility and responsiveness has come an increase in the volume of management activities .
with the increased responsibility and responsiveness has come an [raise] in the volume of management activities .

Work which is not central to the organisation should be contracted out to the second element which provides specialist services which increase expertise and diminish costs .
work which is not central to the organisation should be contracted out to the second element which provides specialist services which [raise] expertise and diminish costs .

if Energy consumed exceeds Energy expended  body weight will increase .
if energy consumed exceeds energy expended  body weight will [raise] .

Whatever the exercise , start gradually and increase the duration progressively in order to build up your endurance and fitness .
whatever the exercise , start gradually and [raise] the duration progressively in order to build up your endurance and fitness .

Recently , there has been a rapid increase in fish farming , especially salmon , in the sea lochs of Lewis and Harris and elsewhere .
recently , there has been a rapid [raise] in fish farming , especially salmon , in the sea lochs of lewis and harris and elsewhere .

Moist or wet soil conditions prevail , the effects of gleying under anaerobic conditions increase with depth and the subsoils are blue or blue-grey in colour under dark greyish brown topsoils .
moist or wet soil conditions prevail , the effects of gleying under anaerobic conditions [raise] with depth and the subsoils are blue or blue-grey in colour under dark greyish brown topsoils .

The effects of gleying increase with depth and the colour inherited from the parent material is not apparent in the lower soil horizons , which are often grey or bluish grey .
the effects of gleying [raise] with depth and the colour inherited from the parent material is not apparent in the lower soil horizons , which are often grey or bluish grey .

The combination of high precipitation , water surpluses , large number of wet days and low insolation experienced in highly oceanic areas is thought to increase the rate of growth and the competitive abilities of bryophytes , notably Sphagnum species , hypnoid mosses and Racomitrium ( Poore & McVean 1957 ) , all of which are very conspicuous in plant communities in the Western Isles .
the combination of high precipitation , water surpluses , large number of wet days and low insolation experienced in highly oceanic areas is thought to [raise] the rate of growth and the competitive abilities of bryophytes , notably sphagnum species , hypnoid mosses and racomitrium ( poore & mcvean 1957 ) , all of which are very conspicuous in plant communities in the western isles .

In Carmina Gadelica ( 1900 ) , Alexander Carmichael notes that  St John 's wort is one of the few plants still cherished by the people to ward away second-sight , enchantment , witchcraft , evil eye , and death , and to ensure peace and plenty in the house , increase and prosperity in the field , and growth and fruition in the field  .
in carmina gadelica ( 1900 ) , alexander carmichael notes that  st john 's wort is one of the few plants still cherished by the people to ward away second-sight , enchantment , witchcraft , evil eye , and death , and to ensure peace and plenty in the house , [raise] and prosperity in the field , and growth and fruition in the field  .

Our pledges to increase the income of pensioners and families with children will urgently be fulfilled .
our pledges to [raise] the income of pensioners and families with children will urgently be fulfilled .

These policies  like those to increase house-building , improve transport and protect the environment  are not only important to the well-being of the British people now .
these policies  like those to [raise] house-building , improve transport and protect the environment  are not only important to the well-being of the british people now .

We will start to increase nursery education places for three and four year olds by making sure that local councils actually use the money they receive for nursery education to create new places and by switching capital funds earmarked for the City Technology College programmes .
we will start to [raise] nursery education places for three and four year olds by making sure that local councils actually use the money they receive for nursery education to create new places and by switching capital funds earmarked for the city technology college programmes .

The most effective way to reduce poverty quickly is to increase child benefit and pensions and take low-paid people out of taxation .
the most effective way to reduce poverty quickly is to [raise] child benefit and pensions and take low-paid people out of taxation .

We will increase child benefit to 9.95 a week for all children with the full value going to every family .
we will [raise] child benefit to 9.95 a week for all children with the full value going to every family .

We will increase the basic retirement pension by an extra 5 a week for a single person and 8 a week for a married couple .
we will [raise] the basic retirement pension by an extra 5 a week for a single person and 8 a week for a married couple .

All pensioners will receive the full increase , which will also go to widows and others on benefits linked by statute to the basic pension level .
all pensioners will receive the full [raise] , which will also go to widows and others on benefits linked by statute to the basic pension level .

We will increase the time they have for each patient by reversing the financial pressures to take on too many patients .
we will [raise] the time they have for each patient by reversing the financial pressures to take on too many patients .

increase early admissions from waiting lists .
[raise] early admissions from waiting lists .

We will then continue steadily to increase the share of Britain 's national wealth invested in education .
we will then continue steadily to [raise] the share of britain 's national wealth invested in education .

As we explained earlier ( see page 12 ) , we will increase child benefit for seven million families .
as we explained earlier ( see page 12 ) , we will [raise] child benefit for seven million families .

We will increase the number of homes for rent by establishing a Housing Bank to facilitate the balanced use of councils ' capital receipts and offer investment capital at attractive rates of interest .
we will [raise] the number of homes for rent by establishing a housing bank to facilitate the balanced use of councils ' capital receipts and offer investment capital at attractive rates of interest .

With the increase in major nuclear powers from five to eight , proliferation is a dangerous reality and may become an even greater threat to peace and stability .
with the [raise] in major nuclear powers from five to eight , proliferation is a dangerous reality and may become an even greater threat to peace and stability .

These would not only increase the efficiency of transit of boats moving from one level to another ; they would also save precious summit water .
these would not only [raise] the efficiency of transit of boats moving from one level to another ; they would also save precious summit water .

Initially there was an increase in the number of boats passing through Foxton , but this quickly abated , and there was no effective increase in traffic during the whole life of the lift .
initially there was an [raise] in the number of boats passing through foxton , but this quickly abated , and there was no effective [raise] in traffic during the whole life of the lift .

No canal crossing the constantly changing contours of the English Midlands ever had enough water , so a significant increase in traffic would only be possible if existing supplies were conserved and more supplies developed .
no canal crossing the constantly changing contours of the english midlands ever had enough water , so a significant [raise] in traffic would only be possible if existing supplies were conserved and more supplies developed .

He claimed that with  rationalisation  ( his word ) traffic would increase to 150,000 tons per annum , and with comprehensive improvement for 80 ton barges there would be much more still .
he claimed that with  rationalisation  ( his word ) traffic would [raise] to 150,000 tons per annum , and with comprehensive improvement for 80 ton barges there would be much more still .

It is one of the advantages of this balance lift , that an increase of rise is relatively immaterial both as to the time required to make the ascent or descent and as to the cost of the parts .
it is one of the advantages of this balance lift , that an [raise] of rise is relatively immaterial both as to the time required to make the ascent or descent and as to the cost of the parts .

The present improvement has for its object to compensate for the disturbance of the balance between the upgoing and downgoing lifts which occurs by the immersion of the latter in the water at the foot of the incline , and the improvement consists in gradually diminishing the gradient at the upper end of the incline so as to avoid the great increase of haulage power which would otherwise be required to raise the ascending lift from about the moment when the descending dock begins to enter the water .
the present improvement has for its object to compensate for the disturbance of the balance between the upgoing and downgoing lifts which occurs by the immersion of the latter in the water at the foot of the incline , and the improvement consists in gradually diminishing the gradient at the upper end of the incline so as to avoid the great [raise] of haulage power which would otherwise be required to raise the ascending lift from about the moment when the descending dock begins to enter the water .

One of the key problems of desert exploitation worldwide , is that of salinity : an increase in salt at or near the surface .
one of the key problems of desert exploitation worldwide , is that of salinity : an [raise] in salt at or near the surface .

It seems highly likely , for example , that much of the nitrate now appearing in some ground water in Britain was actually first released almost fifty years ago , when grassland was ploughed to make way for cereal as the country strove to increase its home-grown food supply .
it seems highly likely , for example , that much of the nitrate now appearing in some ground water in britain was actually first released almost fifty years ago , when grassland was ploughed to make way for cereal as the country strove to [raise] its home-grown food supply .

Sharks have huge oily livers , which increase buoyancy , but in general they are obliged to keep swimming to provide enough lift to avoid sinking ; though some species , in practice , are happy to rest on the bottom .
sharks have huge oily livers , which [raise] buoyancy , but in general they are obliged to keep swimming to provide enough lift to avoid sinking ; though some species , in practice , are happy to rest on the bottom .

In the North Sea , it is already clear that fish stocks would increase  and therefore catches would go up  if fishing was greatly reduced .
in the north sea , it is already clear that fish stocks would [raise]  and therefore catches would go up  if fishing was greatly reduced .

These man-made gases are present in the atmosphere only in tiny amounts , but because they accelerate the breakdown of ozone , they increase the hazard of excess ultraviolet radiation .
these man-made gases are present in the atmosphere only in tiny amounts , but because they accelerate the breakdown of ozone , they [raise] the hazard of excess ultraviolet radiation .

The first of these will probably lead to an increase in global temperature ; the second could lead to an increase in the amount of ultraviolet radiation reaching the Earth 's surface ; and the third is already destroying vast areas of forest and lakes in northern Europe .
the first of these will probably lead to an [raise] in global temperature ; the second could lead to an [raise] in the amount of ultraviolet radiation reaching the earth 's surface ; and the third is already destroying vast areas of forest and lakes in northern europe .

Entrance fees were waived but a move to increase subscriptions was lost .
entrance fees were waived but a move to [raise] subscriptions was lost .

The Artisans volunteered to double their subscription to the Club and senior members were asked for a voluntary 50 % increase and also to pay a 1s .
the artisans volunteered to double their subscription to the club and senior members were asked for a voluntary 50 % [raise] and also to pay a 1s .

In 1945 , the subscriptions rose from five to seven guineas ( four guineas to five guineas for ladies ) , close on a 30 % increase for the Men and 25 % for the Ladies only one of whom had a handicap at the end of the War .
in 1945 , the subscriptions rose from five to seven guineas ( four guineas to five guineas for ladies ) , close on a 30 % [raise] for the men and 25 % for the ladies only one of whom had a handicap at the end of the war .

Throughout the 1960 's the Club continued to increase its membership and with it came the demand for better facilities backed up with plenty of suggestions !
throughout the 1960 's the club continued to [raise] its membership and with it came the demand for better facilities backed up with plenty of suggestions !

It is this that has allowed the astonishingly rapid conquest of the terrestrial environment and the anthropogenic changes in habitat resulting from accelerating rates of population increase and extension of urban environments .
it is this that has allowed the astonishingly rapid conquest of the terrestrial environment and the anthropogenic changes in habitat resulting from accelerating rates of population [raise] and extension of urban environments .

Many such creatures increase in size by segmentation , each segment containing a batch of similar organs , legs , excretory devices , and reproductive organs , so that each is partially independent of the remainder .
many such creatures [raise] in size by segmentation , each segment containing a batch of similar organs , legs , excretory devices , and reproductive organs , so that each is partially independent of the remainder .

Julian Huxley 's directional component in evolution is made possible only by an increasing subtlety of internal integration of the body and a corresponding increase in the inter-individual integration in societal processes involved in reproduction .
julian huxley 's directional component in evolution is made possible only by an increasing subtlety of internal integration of the body and a corresponding [raise] in the inter-individual integration in societal processes involved in reproduction .

The cybernetic approach is tailored to make sense of statements regarding body  mind interaction and to increase our understanding of both terms .
the cybernetic approach is tailored to make sense of statements regarding body  mind interaction and to [raise] our understanding of both terms .

For this to arise an increase in social complexity with a need for analytical flexibility in contact with diverse persons of other cultures was necessary .
for this to arise an [raise] in social complexity with a need for analytical flexibility in contact with diverse persons of other cultures was necessary .

In time then , as their potential representation is realized through actual selection , these types increase their proportional occurrence in the population as a whole .
in time then , as their potential representation is realized through actual selection , these types [raise] their proportional occurrence in the population as a whole .

Those that increase inclusive fitness through behaviour facilitating reproduction by relatives are nepotistic .
those that [raise] inclusive fitness through behaviour facilitating reproduction by relatives are nepotistic .

Such genes increase their proportional representation in a gene pool .
such genes [raise] their proportional representation in a gene pool .

In addition , high rankers tend to have access to scarce resources so that in competitive encounters the possession of a powerful ally will increase the subject 's chance of obtaining some .
in addition , high rankers tend to have access to scarce resources so that in competitive encounters the possession of a powerful ally will [raise] the subject 's chance of obtaining some .

Although the age  sex composition and total number of animals present were similar in the two periods the number of reproductive units had decreased between the studies with a corresponding increase in mean unit size .
although the age  sex composition and total number of animals present were similar in the two periods the number of reproductive units had decreased between the studies with a corresponding [raise] in mean unit size .

Females tend to remain in their natal units , which thereby increase gradually in size .
females tend to remain in their natal units , which thereby [raise] gradually in size .

He argues that matrilineal troops of primates arise where the preferred primary foods such as ripe fruits occur in clumps , necessitating competition , and that coalitions of female kin increase the feeding possibilities for related individuals ( cf .
he argues that matrilineal troops of primates arise where the preferred primary foods such as ripe fruits occur in clumps , necessitating competition , and that coalitions of female kin [raise] the feeding possibilities for related individuals ( cf .

To start with , there is little detail in the story ; as concentration and absorption grow with experience , the detail can increase by the teacher 's approach and type of suggestion .
to start with , there is little detail in the story ; as concentration and absorption grow with experience , the detail can [raise] by the teacher 's approach and type of suggestion .

increase competition in the European energy sector .
[raise] competition in the european energy sector .

We will increase our support for British Coal Enterprise which promotes economic regeneration in areas affected by the closure of mines , and has successfully assisted 76,000 people in finding new jobs .
we will [raise] our support for british coal enterprise which promotes economic regeneration in areas affected by the closure of mines , and has successfully assisted 76,000 people in finding new jobs .

We have introduced legislation to increase the powers of these regulators to the level of the strongest .
we have introduced legislation to [raise] the powers of these regulators to the level of the strongest .

We will increase competition in the gas and water markets .
we will [raise] competition in the gas and water markets .

We are continuing to increase police numbers .
we are continuing to [raise] police numbers .

We will continue to increase the Special Constabulary , which has seen a rise in recruitment this year of 10 per cent .
we will continue to [raise] the special constabulary , which has seen a rise in recruitment this year of 10 per cent .

We will give the courts the statutory power to increase sentences for those who offend while on bail .
we will give the courts the statutory power to [raise] sentences for those who offend while on bail .

We will increase the number of bail hostel places , to enable closer supervision of those on bail .
we will [raise] the number of bail hostel places , to enable closer supervision of those on bail .

We will bring private sector skills in to enhance efficiency and increase value for money .
we will bring private sector skills in to enhance efficiency and [raise] value for money .

We will increase the use of private sector management skills .
we will [raise] the use of private sector management skills .

We have introduced new powers for the Court of Appeal to increase sentences for crime .
we have introduced new powers for the court of appeal to [raise] sentences for crime .

We will increase the maximum penalties for making obscene or malicious phone calls .
we will [raise] the maximum penalties for making obscene or malicious phone calls .

So we will increase the additional support , already up by over 300 million a year since 1989 , available to less well-off pensioners .
so we will [raise] the additional support , already up by over 300 million a year since 1989 , available to less well-off pensioners .

As evidence of our continuing commitment to poorer pensioners , we have announced in the Budget an increase of 2 a week for single people , 3 a week for couples , in income support for pensioners .
as evidence of our continuing commitment to poorer pensioners , we have announced in the budget an [raise] of 2 a week for single people , 3 a week for couples , in income support for pensioners .

Its value will increase each year in line with prices .
its value will [raise] each year in line with prices .

This will enable first time buyers to choose a home and buy a share of it  usually 50 per cent  with a housing association paying rent on the rest until they wish to increase their stake in the property .
this will enable first time buyers to choose a home and buy a share of it  usually 50 per cent  with a housing association paying rent on the rest until they wish to [raise] their stake in the property .

We will extend nation-wide the scheme we have piloted to increase private renting , whereby housing associations manage properties , building trust between tenant and private sector landlord .
we will extend nation-wide the scheme we have piloted to [raise] private renting , whereby housing associations manage properties , building trust between tenant and private sector landlord .

We will encourage farmers , retailers and manufacturers to work together to increase our share of the European food market .
we will encourage farmers , retailers and manufacturers to work together to [raise] our share of the european food market .

We will continue to increase the number of places in higher and further education and will complete our reforms of the system .
we will continue to [raise] the number of places in higher and further education and will complete our reforms of the system .

Do n't forget to contact your house insurance company , and ask them to increase the buildings cover accordingly to include the new building .
do n't forget to contact your house insurance company , and ask them to [raise] the buildings cover accordingly to include the new building .

Undo the coupling slightly so water can trickle into the container , and open the air vent to increase the flow rate .
undo the coupling slightly so water can trickle into the container , and open the air vent to [raise] the flow rate .

Just one thing : do n't forget that once work is underway , you should increase your building and contents insurances .
just one thing : do n't forget that once work is underway , you should [raise] your building and contents insurances .

As a consequence we need to increase our prices by an average of 12.2 % from 1st April 1990 .
as a consequence we need to [raise] our prices by an average of 12.2 % from 1st april 1990 .

The benefits you gain can increase each year in the form of these bonuses , which build up annually from the investment of your premiums in the Guardian Life Fund .
the benefits you gain can [raise] each year in the form of these bonuses , which build up annually from the investment of your premiums in the guardian life fund .

It is the policy of the Board and Management of the Society to increase our share of our traditional business , to become more nationally represented , and to offer to our customers a comprehensive range of financial products .
it is the policy of the board and management of the society to [raise] our share of our traditional business , to become more nationally represented , and to offer to our customers a comprehensive range of financial products .

Nevertheless , in the highly competitive situation which developed , building societies were able to increase their share of this market and Birmingham Midshires ' share of building society net advances rose during 1989 to 1.7 % compared with 1.6 % the previous year .
nevertheless , in the highly competitive situation which developed , building societies were able to [raise] their share of this market and birmingham midshires ' share of building society net advances rose during 1989 to 1.7 % compared with 1.6 % the previous year .

Group profits after tax increased to 20.7m ( 1988 19.4m ) , an increase of 6.7 % .
group profits after tax increased to 20.7m ( 1988 19.4m ) , an [raise] of 6.7 % .

It will be appreciated that this change will not in any way increase the number of shares which may be issued under all schemes .
it will be appreciated that this change will not in any way [raise] the number of shares which may be issued under all schemes .

Built into the Personal Accident Plan is an automatic increase in benefits and premiums by 5% each year , to help your insurance cover keep pace with inflation .
built into the personal accident plan is an automatic [raise] in benefits and premiums by 5% each year , to help your insurance cover keep pace with inflation .

The continuing rise in claims costs has made it necessary to increase the Society 's premium rates for all classes of motor policy .
the continuing rise in claims costs has made it necessary to [raise] the society 's premium rates for all classes of motor policy .

For some policyholders the increase is partially or even wholly offset by adjustments made to the premiums for
for some policyholders the [raise] is partially or even wholly offset by adjustments made to the premiums for

For risks in Northern Ireland and certain other Rating Districts where the experience has been unfavourable the premium increase is higher than elsewhere although it will still be partially offset where the Rating Group of the insured car has been reduced .
for risks in northern ireland and certain other rating districts where the experience has been unfavourable the premium [raise] is higher than elsewhere although it will still be partially offset where the rating group of the insured car has been reduced .

The Special Discount is being continued on the same basis ( see page 2 ) and for those policies which qualify for the first time the increase is offset by approximately 6% .
the special discount is being continued on the same basis ( see page 2 ) and for those policies which qualify for the first time the [raise] is offset by approximately 6% .

Claims resulting from thefts continue to increase alarmingly .
claims resulting from thefts continue to [raise] alarmingly .

In some of the worst affected areas , though , particularly in and around London , we have had to increase our rates in line with increasing claims .
in some of the worst affected areas , though , particularly in and around london , we have had to [raise] our rates in line with increasing claims .

This is the first general Buildings rate increase since 1980 and is necessary due to the rising number and increasing cost of claims since then , in particular those arising from exceptional weather and subsidence .
this is the first general buildings rate [raise] since 1980 and is necessary due to the rising number and increasing cost of claims since then , in particular those arising from exceptional weather and subsidence .

We have revised our premium rates because of the continuing increase in the cost of theft claims  1983 saw a 24 % increase over 1982 and there has been a further 12 % increase in the first half of 1984 .
we have revised our premium rates because of the continuing [raise] in the cost of theft claims  1983 saw a 24 % [raise] over 1982 and there has been a further 12 % [raise] in the first half of 1984 .

At this renewal of your Policy , you may increase your Contents and Buildings sums insured free of charge .
at this renewal of your policy , you may [raise] your contents and buildings sums insured free of charge .

If your sum insured is less than that recommended for your type of home , we strongly recommend that you increase it .
if your sum insured is less than that recommended for your type of home , we strongly recommend that you [raise] it .

Regrettably , theft losses from people 's homes have gone up alarmingly , particularly in the larger towns and cities and , as a result , we have had to increase some of our rates .
regrettably , theft losses from people 's homes have gone up alarmingly , particularly in the larger towns and cities and , as a result , we have had to [raise] some of our rates .

Those policyholders without index-linked policies have had to frequently increase their sum insured so that it keeps pace with inflation and continues to cover the full cost of rebuilding their homes .
those policyholders without index-linked policies have had to frequently [raise] their sum insured so that it keeps pace with inflation and continues to cover the full cost of rebuilding their homes .

For this reason , we have been forced to increase our minimum sum insured to 17,500 .
for this reason , we have been forced to [raise] our minimum sum insured to 17,500 .

This shows both the increase due to index-linking and , if applicable , an increase where your sum insured was previously under 17,500 .
this shows both the [raise] due to index-linking and , if applicable , an [raise] where your sum insured was previously under 17,500 .

Here , too , all those policyholders whose cover has not been index-linked have had to frequently increase their sum insured in order to avoid becoming under-insured .
here , too , all those policyholders whose cover has not been index-linked have had to frequently [raise] their sum insured in order to avoid becoming under-insured .

Unfortunately , some policyholders were inadequately insured , thus imposing an unfair burden on all the others . We have , therefore , been forced to increase the minimum sum insured to 6,000 ( Replacement as New policies ) and 4,500 ( all others ) **
unfortunately , some policyholders were inadequately insured , thus imposing an unfair burden on all the others . we have , therefore , been forced to [raise] the minimum sum insured to 6,000 ( replacement as new policies ) and 4,500 ( all others ) **

This shows both the increase due to index-linking and , where applicable , an increase where your sum insured was previously below the new minimum .
this shows both the [raise] due to index-linking and , where applicable , an [raise] where your sum insured was previously below the new minimum .

The increase in the rate for cover under our Buildings insurance and the increase in the Contents and  All Risks  rates in certain areas are due to a number of factors :
the [raise] in the rate for cover under our buildings insurance and the [raise] in the contents and  all risks  rates in certain areas are due to a number of factors :

The 1984 cost of subsidence damage claims is estimated at 140m  a 70 % increase over 1983  and it is predicted that the total is certain to continue to rise .
the 1984 cost of subsidence damage claims is estimated at 140m  a 70 % [raise] over 1983  and it is predicted that the total is certain to continue to rise .

Inadequate sums insured might reduce your premium but they will not increase you peace of mind , so please compare these figures with your Contents sum insured as shown on your renewal notice .
inadequate sums insured might reduce your premium but they will not [raise] you peace of mind , so please compare these figures with your contents sum insured as shown on your renewal notice .

If you would like to increase your sums insured , please use the attached coupon .
if you would like to [raise] your sums insured , please use the attached coupon .

The current increase in premiums ( where applicable ) is unavoidable  and it simply reflects a situation which applies to every insurance company .
the current [raise] in premiums ( where applicable ) is unavoidable  and it simply reflects a situation which applies to every insurance company .

Always question any increase in price and ask for good reasons why it was not included in the original estimate .
always question any [raise] in price and ask for good reasons why it was not included in the original estimate .

And , do n't forget that if you make substantial improvements to your home , it may increase its value .
and , do n't forget that if you make substantial improvements to your home , it may [raise] its value .

Always question any increase in price and ask why it was not included in the original estimates .
always question any [raise] in price and ask why it was not included in the original estimates .

As a couple , you could increase your cash benefits when your partner takes out his or her own Plan .
as a couple , you could [raise] your cash benefits when your partner takes out his or her own plan .

And , of course , increase your family life assurance protection .
and , of course , [raise] your family life assurance protection .

Is a loan definitely your best option or should you increase your overdraft ?
is a loan definitely your best option or should you [raise] your overdraft ?

This was secured by company assets and personal guaranteed by the directors , which we were reluctant to increase .
this was secured by company assets and personal guaranteed by the directors , which we were reluctant to [raise] .

In some ways , your need for money may actually increase .
in some ways , your need for money may actually [raise] .

We set up a Small Self-Administered Scheme with a 50,000 contribution which cut our tax bill by 12,500 , bought the machinery with a 25,000 from the pension fund and the loan repayments go back into our fund to increase our pensions .
we set up a small self-administered scheme with a 50,000 contribution which cut our tax bill by 12,500 , bought the machinery with a 25,000 from the pension fund and the loan repayments go back into our fund to [raise] our pensions .

Ways of trying to increase your bargaining power include delaying negotiations or confrontation until you are in a stronger position , initiating action in another area which raises the costs to your opponent if he disagrees with your offer , linking the issue under discussion with much wider issues which do not seem of much importance at first sight to your opponent but which may be to his long-term disadvantage but to your long-term advantage which will compensate for your short-term loss .
ways of trying to [raise] your bargaining power include delaying negotiations or confrontation until you are in a stronger position , initiating action in another area which raises the costs to your opponent if he disagrees with your offer , linking the issue under discussion with much wider issues which do not seem of much importance at first sight to your opponent but which may be to his long-term disadvantage but to your long-term advantage which will compensate for your short-term loss .

You will increase the chances of your report being acted upon if you plan to invest a substantial amount of time , at least as much as in the writing stage , on promoting your report .
you will [raise] the chances of your report being acted upon if you plan to invest a substantial amount of time , at least as much as in the writing stage , on promoting your report .

More prosaically , resistance to delegation may stem from the conviction that one is being over exploited , being asked to do considerably more work but without any increase in pay .
more prosaically , resistance to delegation may stem from the conviction that one is being over exploited , being asked to do considerably more work but without any [raise] in pay .

The third priority is to increase the scope of the employee 's interest in information less obviously relevant to himself , that is background information such as : objectives of higher management ; the aim of training and education ; aims of the whole enterprise ; information on policy and finances ; changes etc .
the third priority is to [raise] the scope of the employee 's interest in information less obviously relevant to himself , that is background information such as : objectives of higher management ; the aim of training and education ; aims of the whole enterprise ; information on policy and finances ; changes etc .

How does your Plan increase in value ? It 's quite simple 
how does your plan [raise] in value ? it 's quite simple 

In this way , you could increase your benefits from the Plan .
in this way , you could [raise] your benefits from the plan .

And of course , also increase the life assurance protection for your family .
and of course , also [raise] the life assurance protection for your family .

Try this simple exercise which will help you to increase your awareness of what you are eating :
try this simple exercise which will help you to [raise] your awareness of what you are eating :

Increase your mental ability : Research has shown that , all other things being equal , the person who exercises regularly performs better in tests requiring mental agility .
[raise] your mental ability : research has shown that , all other things being equal , the person who exercises regularly performs better in tests requiring mental agility .

Ensure that you have some physical exercise during the day  although not just before going to bed or your heart/pulse rate will increase and you will find sleeping even more difficult .
ensure that you have some physical exercise during the day  although not just before going to bed or your heart/pulse rate will [raise] and you will find sleeping even more difficult .

It can also reduce stiffness and increase mobility when practised by an experienced therapist .
it can also reduce stiffness and [raise] mobility when practised by an experienced therapist .

In other words , you have to increase and develop the positive sides of your emotional self and do your best to counteract any destructive elements .
in other words , you have to [raise] and develop the positive sides of your emotional self and do your best to counteract any destructive elements .

How to increase optimism
how to [raise] optimism

How to increase joy
how to [raise] joy

Whether you believe you are saying those words to God , fate or life itself , they will help to bring to mind those things for which you can be grateful and this in turn will help to increase your own state of joy .
whether you believe you are saying those words to god , fate or life itself , they will help to bring to mind those things for which you can be grateful and this in turn will help to [raise] your own state of joy .

Now it is time to go on and find out how you can increase your mental efficiency .
now it is time to go on and find out how you can [raise] your mental efficiency .

The average person writes 25 to 35 words ( of five letters ) per minute . With practice it is possible to increase this speed considerably , bearing in mind the following points :
the average person writes 25 to 35 words ( of five letters ) per minute . with practice it is possible to [raise] this speed considerably , bearing in mind the following points :

If you wish to increase your writing speed , begin with sessions of two minutes or so and build up gradually .
if you wish to [raise] your writing speed , begin with sessions of two minutes or so and build up gradually .

Try some of the exercises which follow ; they may seem to make you slower at first , but not only will your speed increase as you get used to them , you may begin to look at problems in a different way .
try some of the exercises which follow ; they may seem to make you slower at first , but not only will your speed [raise] as you get used to them , you may begin to look at problems in a different way .

Increasing costs from distributors , supplements on film transport costs and an increase in the rates are just a few of the factors which make this necessary .
increasing costs from distributors , supplements on film transport costs and an [raise] in the rates are just a few of the factors which make this necessary .

It causes a reduction in evapotranspiration ( a complicated word which means that fewer clouds are formed ) and an increase in temperatures .
it causes a reduction in evapotranspiration ( a complicated word which means that fewer clouds are formed ) and an [raise] in temperatures .

With cross-breeding , they improve crop yields and increase resistance to pests and disease .
with cross-breeding , they improve crop yields and [raise] resistance to pests and disease .

Both of these measures will be effective , but we urgently need to increase the scale of this work .
both of these measures will be effective , but we urgently need to [raise] the scale of this work .

She only had to shake a hand to increase the revenue and bring more publicity to the organization than any amount of money could buy .
she only had to shake a hand to [raise] the revenue and bring more publicity to the organization than any amount of money could buy .

Ambulance workers on emergency work do deserve a much higher increase .
ambulance workers on emergency work do deserve a much higher [raise] .

The crews want an increase on a 6.5 per cent pay offer .
the crews want an [raise] on a 6.5 per cent pay offer .

According to Mr Nichol , such a deal could increase pay rates in London by 30 per cent and elsewhere by 20 per cent .
according to mr nichol , such a deal could [raise] pay rates in london by 30 per cent and elsewhere by 20 per cent .

The crews want an increase on a 6.5 per cent pay offer .
the crews want an [raise] on a 6.5 per cent pay offer .

According to Mr Nichol , such a deal could increase pay rates in London by 30 per cent and elsewhere by 20 per cent .
according to mr nichol , such a deal could [raise] pay rates in london by 30 per cent and elsewhere by 20 per cent .

The crews want an increase on a 6.5 per cent pay offer .
the crews want an [raise] on a 6.5 per cent pay offer .

According to Mr Nichol , such a deal could increase pay rates in London by 30 per cent and elsewhere by 20 per cent , and would be a step toward a  likely  decision to put non-emergency services out to contract .
according to mr nichol , such a deal could [raise] pay rates in london by 30 per cent and elsewhere by 20 per cent , and would be a step toward a  likely  decision to put non-emergency services out to contract .

According to Mr Nichol , such a deal could increase pay rates in London by 30 per cent and elsewhere by 20 per cent .
according to mr nichol , such a deal could [raise] pay rates in london by 30 per cent and elsewhere by 20 per cent .

For instance , dietary care should be stepped up : drink a litre of water a day to clear your system ; snack on sunflower and pumpkin seeds , a rich source of essential fatty acids ; and increase your intake of raw vegetables and fruit .
for instance , dietary care should be stepped up : drink a litre of water a day to clear your system ; snack on sunflower and pumpkin seeds , a rich source of essential fatty acids ; and [raise] your intake of raw vegetables and fruit .

Leaders on Capitol Hill virtually put all other business on hold as it sought to hammer out a debt ceiling increase .
leaders on capitol hill virtually put all other business on hold as it sought to hammer out a debt ceiling [raise] .

That increase accounts for the large sales increase , exaggerated by the initial stocks sold to franchises .
that [raise] accounts for the large sales [raise] , exaggerated by the initial stocks sold to franchises .

Parkland Textiles , the Bradford-based woollen yarn spinner and clothing maker , yesterday showed a small increase in profits , despite a difficult six months trading .
parkland textiles , the bradford-based woollen yarn spinner and clothing maker , yesterday showed a small [raise] in profits , despite a difficult six months trading .

Mr Michael Rowley , finance director , said the group had foreseen the problems and had made an effort to increase income from interest , which came in at 64,000 as against a charge of 78,000 at the halfway stage last year .
mr michael rowley , finance director , said the group had foreseen the problems and had made an effort to [raise] income from interest , which came in at 64,000 as against a charge of 78,000 at the halfway stage last year .

 If you stay awake at night and do not lie down , the increase in height does not occur .
 if you stay awake at night and do not lie down , the [raise] in height does not occur .

 When the activity of our kidneys is considered , a bed-time drink does not waken us by filling our bladders during the night , whereas a similar drink in the daytime causes urine flow to increase quite rapidly .
 when the activity of our kidneys is considered , a bed-time drink does not waken us by filling our bladders during the night , whereas a similar drink in the daytime causes urine flow to [raise] quite rapidly .

The effect of such  nocturnal surges  in sex hormones , as the increased release of these hormones is called , might be to increase the sexual drive at night .
the effect of such  nocturnal surges  in sex hormones , as the increased release of these hormones is called , might be to [raise] the sexual drive at night .

It makes the heart pump blood faster ( we have all felt the pounding and racing of our hearts when we are roused ) ; dilates the airways of our lungs ( so we can breathe faster ) ; and causes a great increase in the release of energy  by breaking down glycogen ( the form in which glucose is stored ) for muscles , and fat ( from fat storage depots ) for the rest of the body .
it makes the heart pump blood faster ( we have all felt the pounding and racing of our hearts when we are roused ) ; dilates the airways of our lungs ( so we can breathe faster ) ; and causes a great [raise] in the release of energy  by breaking down glycogen ( the form in which glucose is stored ) for muscles , and fat ( from fat storage depots ) for the rest of the body .

Their role during the daytime , when the body is primed , will be to increase the ease and efficiency with which such mechanisms come into play .
their role during the daytime , when the body is primed , will be to [raise] the ease and efficiency with which such mechanisms come into play .

But remember that the increased size of the discs in the morning might increase the risk of a  slipped disc  ; be careful and , particularly when lifting heavy loads , make sure that you are doing so correctly  or even delay the task till afternoon .
but remember that the increased size of the discs in the morning might [raise] the risk of a  slipped disc  ; be careful and , particularly when lifting heavy loads , make sure that you are doing so correctly  or even delay the task till afternoon .

So we made these tests more complex in order to increase their relevance , but in so doing we produced tests which were so sophisticated as not to be widely available due to cost and personnel requirements , and which began to show some of the problems found when we measured performance  on-site  .
so we made these tests more complex in order to [raise] their relevance , but in so doing we produced tests which were so sophisticated as not to be widely available due to cost and personnel requirements , and which began to show some of the problems found when we measured performance  on-site  .

The reflex increase in urine flow that is produced in this circumstance severely tested the resources of the space-suits worn by the early astronauts ! )
the reflex [raise] in urine flow that is produced in this circumstance severely tested the resources of the space-suits worn by the early astronauts ! )

The problem is this : why is the reflex increase in urine flow so much smaller at night when we lie down to go to sleep ?
the problem is this : why is the reflex [raise] in urine flow so much smaller at night when we lie down to go to sleep ?

In general there are two types of change ; a decrease in amplitude and an increase in the day-to-day differences in timing of the rhythm .
in general there are two types of change ; a decrease in amplitude and an [raise] in the day-to-day differences in timing of the rhythm .

Naps during the daytime and waking up during the night would both increase ; these changes are often observed .
naps during the daytime and waking up during the night would both [raise] ; these changes are often observed .

Likewise there might be a progressive increase in the free-running period of the body clock as we pass through the sequence :  slightly an owl  ,  definitely an owl  , Delayed Sleep Phase Syndrome , free-running rhythm in normal society .
likewise there might be a progressive [raise] in the free-running period of the body clock as we pass through the sequence :  slightly an owl  ,  definitely an owl  , delayed sleep phase syndrome , free-running rhythm in normal society .

This will increase a sense of general fatigue and might result in headaches and difficulties with concentration .
this will [raise] a sense of general fatigue and might result in headaches and difficulties with concentration .

All these drinks possess diuretic properties , that is , they increase the loss of body fluids in the urine .
all these drinks possess diuretic properties , that is , they [raise] the loss of body fluids in the urine .

One sports injury on the increase is sportsman 's , or Gilmore 's groin which occurs when tendons in the groin tear due to excessive stretching and twisting .
one sports injury on the [raise] is sportsman 's , or gilmore 's groin which occurs when tendons in the groin tear due to excessive stretching and twisting .

Norfolk had recorded a 6 % increase or 100,000 in sales .
norfolk had recorded a 6 % [raise] or 100,000 in sales .

 It is clear that the extensions to permitted opening hours have not led to a marked increase in overall consumption ,  the report concluded .
 it is clear that the extensions to permitted opening hours have not led to a marked [raise] in overall consumption ,  the report concluded .

Unclear marking of the pool edge , unprotected access at the deep end , narrow surrounds and safety notices obscured by plants were all identified as common problems likely to increase the risk of accidents .
unclear marking of the pool edge , unprotected access at the deep end , narrow surrounds and safety notices obscured by plants were all identified as common problems likely to [raise] the risk of accidents .

Ms Krutick predicted that as the single European market drew closer the travel industry would see an increase in business .
ms krutick predicted that as the single european market drew closer the travel industry would see an [raise] in business .

The investment by 3i represented a 73% increase over the previous year , which ended at 31 March 1990 .
the investment by 3i represented a 73% [raise] over the previous year , which ended at 31 march 1990 .

This year has seen a 30 % increase in entries from South Africa , bringing its total to 160 .
this year has seen a 30 % [raise] in entries from south africa , bringing its total to 160 .

Since last week 's article , May 's operating results for the Valley Hotel have been produced , showing a welcome increase in sales which indicate that the medium level sales shown in Tricon 's profit and loss projection are achievable .
since last week 's article , may 's operating results for the valley hotel have been produced , showing a welcome [raise] in sales which indicate that the medium level sales shown in tricon 's profit and loss projection are achievable .

Where these members were built into the original construction , such problems would be less likely , but the causes of defects and deterioration associated with bressummers should be identified , particularly if it is the intention to increase loads upon these elements .
where these members were built into the original construction , such problems would be less likely , but the causes of defects and deterioration associated with bressummers should be identified , particularly if it is the intention to [raise] loads upon these elements .

The increase in maximum width of these buildings from 30m ( 99ft ) in 1868 to 48m ( 158ft ) in 1905 was necessary in order to accommodate the longer mules which were enlarged to their technical optimum , consistent with rigidity , of 1,392 ( 116 dozen ) spindles .
the [raise] in maximum width of these buildings from 30m ( 99ft ) in 1868 to 48m ( 158ft ) in 1905 was necessary in order to accommodate the longer mules which were enlarged to their technical optimum , consistent with rigidity , of 1,392 ( 116 dozen ) spindles .

Taken together with the replacement of the solid , load-bearing external walls by rows of brick piers flanking narrower infill panels , this development allowed the area of window relative to wall to increase to a maximum in the 1900s when the faades of mills became more glass than brick .
taken together with the replacement of the solid , load-bearing external walls by rows of brick piers flanking narrower infill panels , this development allowed the area of window relative to wall to [raise] to a maximum in the 1900s when the faades of mills became more glass than brick .

With the construction of the South Eastern Railway Company 's nearby Reading-Tonbridge line in the mid-nineteenth century , an increase in trade for the mill was anticipated , and an extension , equal in height to the main block , was built on its south side .
with the construction of the south eastern railway company 's nearby reading-tonbridge line in the mid-nineteenth century , an [raise] in trade for the mill was anticipated , and an extension , equal in height to the main block , was built on its south side .

The Historic Buildings Council was unable to increase its grant to pay for this work and it was only because of the intervention of the chairman of the planning committee that an exceptional grant to cover the extra cost was obtained from Southwark Council .
the historic buildings council was unable to [raise] its grant to pay for this work and it was only because of the intervention of the chairman of the planning committee that an exceptional grant to cover the extra cost was obtained from southwark council .

Friday evening back at Preston Barracks saw an increase in activity .
friday evening back at preston barracks saw an [raise] in activity .

It is around this time that the demand for films began to increase substantially and producers built larger studios to produce pictures that , while longer than before , were still some way short of what would become established feature length .
it is around this time that the demand for films began to [raise] substantially and producers built larger studios to produce pictures that , while longer than before , were still some way short of what would become established feature length .

When they launched themselves into production in 1922 , Balcon and Saville with Woman to Woman , the story of a shell-shocked officer who comes out of amnesia to discover the truth about his sordid past , and Wilcox with two films of which the second , a florid melodrama called The Flames of Passion , was a hit , they used the same director , Graham Cutts , and judged it worthwhile incurring the expense of bringing over American stars , Betty Compson for Woman , Mae Marsh for Flames , in order to increase their films ' marquee value at home and abroad .
when they launched themselves into production in 1922 , balcon and saville with woman to woman , the story of a shell-shocked officer who comes out of amnesia to discover the truth about his sordid past , and wilcox with two films of which the second , a florid melodrama called the flames of passion , was a hit , they used the same director , graham cutts , and judged it worthwhile incurring the expense of bringing over american stars , betty compson for woman , mae marsh for flames , in order to [raise] their films ' marquee value at home and abroad .

New companies were set up by public subscription , and there was a substantial increase in the number of films produced .
new companies were set up by public subscription , and there was a substantial [raise] in the number of films produced .

But this was not , at first , a boom with roots , and many of these new operations were to be swept away when the arrival of sound led to an increase in the cost of production .
but this was not , at first , a boom with roots , and many of these new operations were to be swept away when the arrival of sound led to an [raise] in the cost of production .

In a passage which is bound to be seen as highly controversial in the present situation in East Germany , Sir Leon said :  If Germany 's partners give the impression of being opposed to reunification this will only increase what is at present a small risk : that some in Germany may be tempted to seek reunification on the basis of doing a unilateral deal with the Soviet Union , involving the setting up of a new unified German state outside the Community .
in a passage which is bound to be seen as highly controversial in the present situation in east germany , sir leon said :  if germany 's partners give the impression of being opposed to reunification this will only [raise] what is at present a small risk : that some in germany may be tempted to seek reunification on the basis of doing a unilateral deal with the soviet union , involving the setting up of a new unified german state outside the community .

The picture of the seminarian reminds us too of the quite amazing increase of vocations in most of the young churches .
the picture of the seminarian reminds us too of the quite amazing [raise] of vocations in most of the young churches .

Another result of the altered circumstances in Afghanistan is the staggering increase in the drug traffic in Peshawar .
another result of the altered circumstances in afghanistan is the staggering [raise] in the drug traffic in peshawar .

The latest decade has seen a huge increase in the popularity of mineral waters .
the latest decade has seen a huge [raise] in the popularity of mineral waters .

Pill use increase
pill use [raise]

By cutting down the proportion of fat in your diet you can increase the other constituents ( protein and carbohydrate ) , and because of this , you should have no hunger pangs .
by cutting down the proportion of fat in your diet you can [raise] the other constituents ( protein and carbohydrate ) , and because of this , you should have no hunger pangs .

If necessary use a metal bar to increase the leverage , then repeat for the further tap .
if necessary use a metal bar to [raise] the leverage , then repeat for the further tap .

The increase was worse than expected and led to widespread predictions that base rates will not be cut before next spring at the earliest .
the [raise] was worse than expected and led to widespread predictions that base rates will not be cut before next spring at the earliest .

But City sources said they believed that Mr Lawson might reinforce the fight against inflation without resorting to another increase in base rates , by announcing a further tightening of monetary policy in next Thursday 's Mansion House speech .
but city sources said they believed that mr lawson might reinforce the fight against inflation without resorting to another [raise] in base rates , by announcing a further tightening of monetary policy in next thursday 's mansion house speech .

Although inflation in October is expected to decline to around 7.2 per cent , because a 1.25 per cent increase in mortgage rates in October last year will drop out of the annual comparison , the recently announced increases in mortgage rates will send inflation back up again in November .
although inflation in october is expected to decline to around 7.2 per cent , because a 1.25 per cent [raise] in mortgage rates in october last year will drop out of the annual comparison , the recently announced increases in mortgage rates will send inflation back up again in november .

Economists yesterday expressed concern that the increase in prices was becoming more generalised .
economists yesterday expressed concern that the [raise] in prices was becoming more generalised .

The negotiations form part of Chrysler 's strategy to increase dramatically its presence in Continental markets following its complete withdrawal from European car manufacture in 1978 .
the negotiations form part of chrysler 's strategy to [raise] dramatically its presence in continental markets following its complete withdrawal from european car manufacture in 1978 .

All that shows beyond reasonable doubt that eggs were not responsible for the increase in food poisoning , which has gone up 36 per cent this year , despite an overall 24 per cent drop in egg consumption and the 700,000 birds slaughtered .
all that shows beyond reasonable doubt that eggs were not responsible for the [raise] in food poisoning , which has gone up 36 per cent this year , despite an overall 24 per cent drop in egg consumption and the 700,000 birds slaughtered .

The Department of Health also said the 88 new Aids cases reported last month was the highest increase for some time .
the department of health also said the 88 new aids cases reported last month was the highest [raise] for some time .

The concern comes after a reported increase in deaths of diabetic patients , most relying on genetically engineered human insulin .
the concern comes after a reported [raise] in deaths of diabetic patients , most relying on genetically engineered human insulin .

But he confirmed that the Government plans to changes the rules covering attendance allowances to increase the number of those terminally ill who can claim it .
but he confirmed that the government plans to changes the rules covering attendance allowances to [raise] the number of those terminally ill who can claim it .

The warmth of his reception stemmed in part from a pledge , based on recent spending negotiations with Norman Lamont , the Chief Secretary to the Treasury , to increase uniformed police manpower by a further 1,100 next year .
the warmth of his reception stemmed in part from a pledge , based on recent spending negotiations with norman lamont , the chief secretary to the treasury , to [raise] uniformed police manpower by a further 1,100 next year .

Before Mr Lawson 's speech the markets had decided that the Government was unwilling to contemplate another increase .
before mr lawson 's speech the markets had decided that the government was unwilling to contemplate another [raise] .

Mr Lawson 's hints were supported by an increase in overnight rates in the money markets , where the Bank of England has not financed shortages in full .
mr lawson 's hints were supported by an [raise] in overnight rates in the money markets , where the bank of england has not financed shortages in full .

But within the first interpretation of the term , many authors have emphasized how the increase in the number of legal statutes makes the law impractical to apply in every case , so that Sheehe has calculated that only one offence in every 7,600 is detected ( see Dix and Layzell 1983 : 7 ) .
but within the first interpretation of the term , many authors have emphasized how the [raise] in the number of legal statutes makes the law impractical to apply in every case , so that sheehe has calculated that only one offence in every 7,600 is detected ( see dix and layzell 1983 : 7 ) .

Delays would increase or decrease , according to whether the court was presented with more or less work than it could handle .
delays would [raise] or decrease , according to whether the court was presented with more or less work than it could handle .

The figures for applications heard by a single Lord Justice and two and three Lords Justices went a long way to explaining why , despite the facts that the rate at which appeals were begun had shown little change over the years , there had been some small increase in judge-power and that major improvements had been made in the court 's procedures , the number of appeals outstanding at the end of each year and the lead times for hearing appeals showed no real improvement .
the figures for applications heard by a single lord justice and two and three lords justices went a long way to explaining why , despite the facts that the rate at which appeals were begun had shown little change over the years , there had been some small [raise] in judge-power and that major improvements had been made in the court 's procedures , the number of appeals outstanding at the end of each year and the lead times for hearing appeals showed no real improvement .

There was a 66 per cent increase in the numbers of applications made by litigants in person and a 20 per cent increase in the number of appeals .
there was a 66 per cent [raise] in the numbers of applications made by litigants in person and a 20 per cent [raise] in the number of appeals .

There was undoubtedly a case for a small increase in numbers for the benefit of both divisions of the court .
there was undoubtedly a case for a small [raise] in numbers for the benefit of both divisions of the court .

Many estate agents were whistling to keep up their confidence this week , claiming that people were already used to the idea of higher mortgage rates and that the latest increase would make little difference .
many estate agents were whistling to keep up their confidence this week , claiming that people were already used to the idea of higher mortgage rates and that the latest [raise] would make little difference .

She told representatives the new inflation figure was the one used for the pension increase next April .
she told representatives the new inflation figure was the one used for the pension [raise] next april .

He warned that there was no salvation  in the rake 's progress of perpetual devaluation   all that did was increase the price of imports and bring still more inflation .
he warned that there was no salvation  in the rake 's progress of perpetual devaluation   all that did was [raise] the price of imports and bring still more inflation .

As for last week 's increase in interest rates , which he endorsed , Mr Heseltine said :  We must not let the medicine drag out , dissipating our economic strength and dispersing our political support . 
as for last week 's [raise] in interest rates , which he endorsed , mr heseltine said :  we must not let the medicine drag out , dissipating our economic strength and dispersing our political support . 

Although conference representatives seemed muted in their applause for Kenneth Baker , the party chairman , when he defended water privatisation , they responded well to his support for Mr Lawson 's increase in interest rates .
although conference representatives seemed muted in their applause for kenneth baker , the party chairman , when he defended water privatisation , they responded well to his support for mr lawson 's [raise] in interest rates .

Where the council  overspends  government targets of an increase of no more than 8.3 per cent in spending next year , some poll tax payers may lose more .
where the council  overspends  government targets of an [raise] of no more than 8.3 per cent in spending next year , some poll tax payers may lose more .

If you already get income support you do not need to claim the extra amount  the increase will be in your next order book .
if you already get income support you do not need to claim the extra amount  the [raise] will be in your next order book .

Pensioner 's received a 5.9 per cent increase in the state pension last April .
pensioner 's received a 5.9 per cent [raise] in the state pension last april .

 Had the increase in pensions been in line with inflation in the 12 months ending April 1989 , a single person with the basic state pension would have received an additional 44.20 and a couple another 72.80 during the year ,  said Mrs Greengross .
 had the [raise] in pensions been in line with inflation in the 12 months ending april 1989 , a single person with the basic state pension would have received an additional 44.20 and a couple another 72.80 during the year ,  said mrs greengross .

He reports a significant increase in interest since private clients began to be deserted by some of the big City brokers .
he reports a significant [raise] in interest since private clients began to be deserted by some of the big city brokers .

The registry also reports an increase in the number of searches as people verify their situation in the light of tougher credit granting procedures , says chairman , Malcolm Hurlston .
the registry also reports an [raise] in the number of searches as people verify their situation in the light of tougher credit granting procedures , says chairman , malcolm hurlston .

 The society operates an annual repayment date system and borrowers will not have to increase their repayment until 1 February ,  commented chief executive , Richard Payne .
 the society operates an annual repayment date system and borrowers will not have to [raise] their repayment until 1 february ,  commented chief executive , richard payne .

 There was a year of negotiation before the deal was closed and we refused their persistent demands to increase our offer of 750,000 ,  Muddle says .
 there was a year of negotiation before the deal was closed and we refused their persistent demands to [raise] our offer of 750,000 ,  muddle says .

The Uniform Business Rate , due to be implemented from 1 April 1990 , is expected to land high-street shops , especially in London and the South , with a costly increase in overheads .
the uniform business rate , due to be implemented from 1 april 1990 , is expected to land high-street shops , especially in london and the south , with a costly [raise] in overheads .

In order to prevent anybody being cremated where there is possible doubt about the cause of death , there are very strict rules about certification , which can increase the cost of cremation .
in order to prevent anybody being cremated where there is possible doubt about the cause of death , there are very strict rules about certification , which can [raise] the cost of cremation .

If the council thinks that you have given away or used up savings in order to qualify for , or increase the amount of your benefit they can treat you as still having those savings .
if the council thinks that you have given away or used up savings in order to qualify for , or [raise] the amount of your benefit they can treat you as still having those savings .

By their increase , now knows not which is which .
by their [raise] , now knows not which is which .

The tutorial is completely distinct from an  audition  class ; the object of the tutorial is to help a student concentrate on speeches and scenes which may extend aspects of characterisation or improve his/her vocal range , and also to increase confidence .
the tutorial is completely distinct from an  audition  class ; the object of the tutorial is to help a student concentrate on speeches and scenes which may extend aspects of characterisation or improve his/her vocal range , and also to [raise] confidence .

But if , in spite of your precautions , a fire breaks out , a smoke alarm can give those precious few minutes of warning which increase the chances of you and your family getting out safely .
but if , in spite of your precautions , a fire breaks out , a smoke alarm can give those precious few minutes of warning which [raise] the chances of you and your family getting out safely .

Build up the time you spend in the sun slowly  start with 10 minutes and increase gradually .
build up the time you spend in the sun slowly  start with 10 minutes and [raise] gradually .

Events like bereavement or retirement can increase the pressure .
events like bereavement or retirement can [raise] the pressure .

If you wish to increase your support , you can simply write a cheque for the additional amount you wish to give .
if you wish to [raise] your support , you can simply write a cheque for the additional amount you wish to give .

 If possible increase the size of any vaguely level area already there , as we did with the lawn .
 if possible [raise] the size of any vaguely level area already there , as we did with the lawn .

Increase or reduce numbers of plants for larger or smaller areas .
[raise] or reduce numbers of plants for larger or smaller areas .

The moral is clear : when gustiness is getting near to the limit for safe flying , assume that at any time it could suddenly increase .
the moral is clear : when gustiness is getting near to the limit for safe flying , assume that at any time it could suddenly [raise] .

As a result it is not unusual to see people doing things which increase the risk of serious damage if things go wrong .
as a result it is not unusual to see people doing things which [raise] the risk of serious damage if things go wrong .

During the last few years there has been an increase in swinging and ground looping accidents and these must be analysed to see if there are new lessons to be learned .
during the last few years there has been an [raise] in swinging and ground looping accidents and these must be analysed to see if there are new lessons to be learned .

After landing , the stick should be moved slowly right back to increase the tail load , unless there is good reason to deliberately steer the glider to one side .
after landing , the stick should be moved slowly right back to [raise] the tail load , unless there is good reason to deliberately steer the glider to one side .

Of course , there is a small increase in speed as the climb gets steeper , both because the glider is starting to ascend the arc of a circle and also because of the effects of the wind gradient .
of course , there is a small [raise] in speed as the climb gets steeper , both because the glider is starting to ascend the arc of a circle and also because of the effects of the wind gradient .

However , this increase in speed must not be relied on if the launch is too slow and the pilot wants more speed , because the cause of a slow launch may be the beginning of a power failure , in which case steepening up in the hope of creating more speed would be dangerous .
however , this [raise] in speed must not be relied on if the launch is too slow and the pilot wants more speed , because the cause of a slow launch may be the beginning of a power failure , in which case steepening up in the hope of creating more speed would be dangerous .

Keep the rudder where it is and allow the speed to increase a few knots so that both you and the student can observe the exact position of the rudder pedals .
keep the rudder where it is and allow the speed to [raise] a few knots so that both you and the student can observe the exact position of the rudder pedals .

Next , watching the rudder pedals , increase the amount of rudder by a movement of about one inch forward on the rudder pedal and try again to reduce the speed .
next , watching the rudder pedals , [raise] the amount of rudder by a movement of about one inch forward on the rudder pedal and try again to reduce the speed .

By the time that the glider is down to 500 feet or so , an inexperienced pilot often will have forgotten the wind direction , and if he realises this it will increase his anxiety .
by the time that the glider is down to 500 feet or so , an inexperienced pilot often will have forgotten the wind direction , and if he realises this it will [raise] his anxiety .

Of course , turning downwind will increase the range and the choice of the fields , and it also makes joining a regular circuit very much easier .
of course , turning downwind will [raise] the range and the choice of the fields , and it also makes joining a regular circuit very much easier .

In executing what would be a normal stall recovery , any movement forwards will , or course , increase the pitching , thereby making the sensation more vivid and encouraging the pilot to think that the aircraft is not recovering .
in executing what would be a normal stall recovery , any movement forwards will , or course , [raise] the pitching , thereby making the sensation more vivid and encouraging the pilot to think that the aircraft is not recovering .

The result has been a noticeable increase in the number of pilots who suddenly find themselves faced with a situation far beyond their control , usually a situation that they had not even considered at the start of the flight .
the result has been a noticeable [raise] in the number of pilots who suddenly find themselves faced with a situation far beyond their control , usually a situation that they had not even considered at the start of the flight .

To prevent a heavy landing as the airbrakes are opened , a backward movement is needed on the stick to increase the wing 's angle of attack to maintain the same amount of lift as before .
to prevent a heavy landing as the airbrakes are opened , a backward movement is needed on the stick to [raise] the wing 's angle of attack to maintain the same amount of lift as before .

Before you go down into the circuit area , increase the speed to 6070 knots and try the airbrakes to see how badly they snatch and how effective they are .
before you go down into the circuit area , [raise] the speed to 6070 knots and try the airbrakes to see how badly they snatch and how effective they are .

This never happens , of course , so poor decisions do surface as the day wears on and fatigue levels increase .
this never happens , of course , so poor decisions do surface as the day wears on and fatigue levels [raise] .

The next question is , what type of training routine do you use to increase pulse rate ?
the next question is , what type of training routine do you use to [raise] pulse rate ?

When you can cope with one minute of hard effort , increase it to two or three minutes .
when you can cope with one minute of hard effort , [raise] it to two or three minutes .

Increase the work-load by holding a weight against your chest as you sit up .
[raise] the work-load by holding a weight against your chest as you sit up .

As accuracy and speed increase , the pad is shown for shorter intervals of time .
as accuracy and speed [raise] , the pad is shown for shorter intervals of time .

Increase the difficulty by simultaneously working on two pads which are constantly weaving around as your partner moves and forces you to adapt to sudden changes in range .
[raise] the difficulty by simultaneously working on two pads which are constantly weaving around as your partner moves and forces you to adapt to sudden changes in range .

Use an impact pad to increase accuracy on moving targets .
use an impact pad to [raise] accuracy on moving targets .

Swing your leg but keep the knee straight . This does not increase suppleness , as such , but it loosens the joint
swing your leg but keep the knee straight . this does not [raise] suppleness , as such , but it loosens the joint

You can increase your chances of success by raising the kicking foot sufficiently for it to travel horizontally into the target .
you can [raise] your chances of success by raising the kicking foot sufficiently for it to travel horizontally into the target .

Begin with a light regime and then gradually increase the work-load as the acute phase ( the period when the injury is most painful but the effects have not yet manifested themselves ) comes to an end .
begin with a light regime and then gradually [raise] the work-load as the acute phase ( the period when the injury is most painful but the effects have not yet manifested themselves ) comes to an end .

As well as being painful , a further bang on a broken nose can greatly increase disfigurement .
as well as being painful , a further bang on a broken nose can greatly [raise] disfigurement .

There is not doubt that certain classes of drug can increase aggression , sharpen awareness and dull the pain arising from injuries , but they are all banned .
there is not doubt that certain classes of drug can [raise] aggression , sharpen awareness and dull the pain arising from injuries , but they are all banned .

The economic growth of the 1960s and early 1970s came to grief because of the western economic slump of the last decade and the massive increase in the Southern population .
the economic growth of the 1960s and early 1970s came to grief because of the western economic slump of the last decade and the massive [raise] in the southern population .

In addition , whether or not one had attended a catholic school may have had little effect on sexual values or mass attendance but it did increase catholic activism and racial tolerance ( Greeley , McCready , and McCourt 1976 ) .
in addition , whether or not one had attended a catholic school may have had little effect on sexual values or mass attendance but it did [raise] catholic activism and racial tolerance ( greeley , mccready , and mccourt 1976 ) .

Over the next twelve months we expect a further increase in those needing our Home Care service to enable them to live and die at home .
over the next twelve months we expect a further [raise] in those needing our home care service to enable them to live and die at home .

When the 20-stroke rally has been attained , increase the target to 30 , then to 40 and so on , but keep it realistic .
when the 20-stroke rally has been attained , [raise] the target to 30 , then to 40 and so on , but keep it realistic .

The new law may in fact increase the already serious risk of torture facing political detainees .
the new law may in fact [raise] the already serious risk of torture facing political detainees .

There has been a marked increase in reports of deaths as a result of torture in Turkish police stations .
there has been a marked [raise] in reports of deaths as a result of torture in turkish police stations .

The 1990 figures , provided more recently by the Ministry of Justice , show a dramatic increase to 447 death sentences , mostly for murder under aggravating circumstances .
the 1990 figures , provided more recently by the ministry of justice , show a dramatic [raise] to 447 death sentences , mostly for murder under aggravating circumstances .

In the years since 1961 , Eastern European dictators have come and gone , moves afoot in South Africa hold hope for the future , and countries abolishing the death penalty are on the increase .
in the years since 1961 , eastern european dictators have come and gone , moves afoot in south africa hold hope for the future , and countries abolishing the death penalty are on the [raise] .

Our task today is to increase the international pressure on behalf of the thousands of prisoners of conscience all over the world , to make tomorrow the day their freedom is restored .
our task today is to [raise] the international pressure on behalf of the thousands of prisoners of conscience all over the world , to make tomorrow the day their freedom is restored .

Homicides reached 23,000 in 1990 , an increase of 15 per cent on the previous year .
homicides reached 23,000 in 1990 , an [raise] of 15 per cent on the previous year .

Start with 5 reps at 75 % of your maximum lift , then increase the weight but decrease the reps to 4 .
start with 5 reps at 75 % of your maximum lift , then [raise] the weight but decrease the reps to 4 .

Do this until 1 lift is performed at 9095 % of your maximum and then decrease the weight but increase the reps until you are back to 5 reps at 75 % again .
do this until 1 lift is performed at 9095 % of your maximum and then decrease the weight but [raise] the reps until you are back to 5 reps at 75 % again .

This routine is designed to increase a person 's pulse rate , and then to monitor its decrease over a set period of time .
this routine is designed to [raise] a person 's pulse rate , and then to monitor its decrease over a set period of time .

The first and most obvious change is to increase the duration of each exercise , but keeping the rest periods constant , that is 30 seconds ' exercise followed by 1 5 seconds ' rest .
the first and most obvious change is to [raise] the duration of each exercise , but keeping the rest periods constant , that is 30 seconds ' exercise followed by 1 5 seconds ' rest .

This relatively small increase causes much more work for the heart and lungs , and will result in greater cardio-vascular fitness .
this relatively small [raise] causes much more work for the heart and lungs , and will result in greater cardio-vascular fitness .

Once this increase becomes easier , change to 45 seconds ' exercise followed by 15 seconds ' rest .
once this [raise] becomes easier , change to 45 seconds ' exercise followed by 15 seconds ' rest .

This warm-up period will take less than 15 minutes to complete , but will increase cardio-vascular fitness and ensure that the muscles are ready for action .
this warm-up period will take less than 15 minutes to complete , but will [raise] cardio-vascular fitness and ensure that the muscles are ready for action .

You can increase the abdominal repetitions to any number you like as long as 3 sets are performed .
you can [raise] the abdominal repetitions to any number you like as long as 3 sets are performed .

Both types of stretching increase flexibility , and as a basic rule you should do static stretching before exercise and both ballistic and static after exercise .
both types of stretching [raise] flexibility , and as a basic rule you should do static stretching before exercise and both ballistic and static after exercise .

An assistant chief constable told a conference of senior officers :  with future recruitment , the number of graduates will increase  .
an assistant chief constable told a conference of senior officers :  with future recruitment , the number of graduates will [raise]  .

Pannell Kerr Forster senior management consultant Nick van Marken said he did not think the changes would result in a dramatic increase in hotels .
pannell kerr forster senior management consultant nick van marken said he did not think the changes would result in a dramatic [raise] in hotels .

The Sicilian Institute of Vine-growing and Wine-producing has launched a generic campaign in Britain to increase awareness of Sicilian wines .
the sicilian institute of vine-growing and wine-producing has launched a generic campaign in britain to [raise] awareness of sicilian wines .

In fact , in the mature Italian dried pasta market it is the only sector showing a substantial increase .
in fact , in the mature italian dried pasta market it is the only sector showing a substantial [raise] .

By the end of this month manufacturing capacity is expected to increase three-fold as a result , according to sales and marketing director Joe Weston .
by the end of this month manufacturing capacity is expected to [raise] three-fold as a result , according to sales and marketing director joe weston .

This is not the case with sugar , honey , grape must , cloves and other spices which increase its merit .
this is not the case with sugar , honey , grape must , cloves and other spices which [raise] its merit .

Originally designed for use with the popular five speed Taiwanese lathes , which are imported by a variety of companies , they can be used with other lathes to increase the capacity for bowl turning .
originally designed for use with the popular five speed taiwanese lathes , which are imported by a variety of companies , they can be used with other lathes to [raise] the capacity for bowl turning .

Begin exercises to increase general fitness , start gentle swimming .
begin exercises to [raise] general fitness , start gentle swimming .

 In favour of the motion to increase the subsidy on Uridian marioc by sixteen per cent , 522 votes ,  announced Neputa Tharm , Leader of the Council of the Galaxy .
 in favour of the motion to [raise] the subsidy on uridian marioc by sixteen per cent , 522 votes ,  announced neputa tharm , leader of the council of the galaxy .

 Now , Trevor ,  Derek Carlisle confronted his colleague ,  we know that the President of the World faced a demand for higher salaries from our research workers ; that unless he came up with some incentive we would lose the best of those workers ; and that the increased contribution towards marioc manufacture would compete directly for Exchequer funds . But why the need for the increase in the marioc subsidy in the first place ? 
 now , trevor ,  derek carlisle confronted his colleague ,  we know that the president of the world faced a demand for higher salaries from our research workers ; that unless he came up with some incentive we would lose the best of those workers ; and that the increased contribution towards marioc manufacture would compete directly for exchequer funds . but why the need for the [raise] in the marioc subsidy in the first place ? 

Uridia , as a developing planet , is much in need of practical schemes but it could no longer pay for them without today 's increase in the subsidy .
uridia , as a developing planet , is much in need of practical schemes but it could no longer pay for them without today 's [raise] in the subsidy .

Good security can increase the value of your property .
good security can [raise] the value of your property .

Crime Prevention Officers can provide managers and staff with free advice on methods of reducing the risk of crime at work and guide companies wanting to increase their involvement in crime prevention .
crime prevention officers can provide managers and staff with free advice on methods of reducing the risk of crime at work and guide companies wanting to [raise] their involvement in crime prevention .

The skin covering the penis is loose in order to accommodate the considerable increase in volume of the organ when erection occurs .
the skin covering the penis is loose in order to accommodate the considerable [raise] in volume of the organ when erection occurs .

Holders of this theory would suggest that syphilis was already established in Europe in pre-Columbian days and it was the increase in knowledge and the travel resulting from the Renaissance that made it appear as if a new disease had been introduced .
holders of this theory would suggest that syphilis was already established in europe in pre-columbian days and it was the [raise] in knowledge and the travel resulting from the renaissance that made it appear as if a new disease had been introduced .

Apart from the People 's Republic of China , which claims to have eradicated syphilis in the space of about ten years , most countries are now reporting an increase in the number of cases of early infectious syphilis , usually amongst male homosexuals .
apart from the people 's republic of china , which claims to have eradicated syphilis in the space of about ten years , most countries are now reporting an [raise] in the number of cases of early infectious syphilis , usually amongst male homosexuals .

All five continents are involved in an increase in the incidence of gonorrhoea , which , in many cases , is now more common than during the pre-war period .
all five continents are involved in an [raise] in the incidence of gonorrhoea , which , in many cases , is now more common than during the pre-war period .

In most countries the other sexually transmitted diseases are not reported , but , where they are , there is said to be a general increase in all infections , particularly non-specific urethritis .
in most countries the other sexually transmitted diseases are not reported , but , where they are , there is said to be a general [raise] in all infections , particularly non-specific urethritis .

In spite of these efforts , the incidence of the sexually transmitted diseases continues to increase .
in spite of these efforts , the incidence of the sexually transmitted diseases continues to [raise] .

In the early seventies , the Swedes , worried by the startling increase in the number of cases of gonorrhoea , launched a health education campaign featuring a  flying condom  which could be seen on all the best hoardings , exhorting the general public to use a protective in all acts of sexual intercourse .
in the early seventies , the swedes , worried by the startling [raise] in the number of cases of gonorrhoea , launched a health education campaign featuring a  flying condom  which could be seen on all the best hoardings , exhorting the general public to use a protective in all acts of sexual intercourse .

The risk of catching the infection will obviously increase with the number of times intercourse takes place and will also depend on other factors , such as the sites that are infected and whether barrier contraceptives such as the condom are used .
the risk of catching the infection will obviously [raise] with the number of times intercourse takes place and will also depend on other factors , such as the sites that are infected and whether barrier contraceptives such as the condom are used .

Where there exists such a reluctance to carry out the correct diagnostic procedures or , as is often the case , there is simply a dearth of properly trained specialists , the natural result is treatment without diagnosis , the haphazard use of antibiotics ( such as penicillin for all urethral discharges ) , and an increase in antibiotic resistance of the gonococci coupled with an infuriating denial of the problem ,  Just look at our figures .
where there exists such a reluctance to carry out the correct diagnostic procedures or , as is often the case , there is simply a dearth of properly trained specialists , the natural result is treatment without diagnosis , the haphazard use of antibiotics ( such as penicillin for all urethral discharges ) , and an [raise] in antibiotic resistance of the gonococci coupled with an infuriating denial of the problem ,  just look at our figures .

This is unlikely to produce anything more than a slight increase in vaginal discharge which has no particular distinguishing features .
this is unlikely to produce anything more than a slight [raise] in vaginal discharge which has no particular distinguishing features .

Viral infections may also cause a change or increase in vaginal discharge .
viral infections may also cause a change or [raise] in vaginal discharge .

It is surprising to find some women who are heavily infected with candida and yet who deny any symptoms save an increase in vaginal discharge .
it is surprising to find some women who are heavily infected with candida and yet who deny any symptoms save an [raise] in vaginal discharge .

Some women who are infected with this bacterium have little in the way of symptoms , but the majority will have noticed an increase in their vaginal discharge .
some women who are infected with this bacterium have little in the way of symptoms , but the majority will have noticed an [raise] in their vaginal discharge .

At the time of the first attack it is possible to measure an increase in antibody levels in the blood , but these seem to remain fairly steady in any further attacks .
at the time of the first attack it is possible to measure an [raise] in antibody levels in the blood , but these seem to remain fairly steady in any further attacks .

Their natural colour is brown , but after feeding , when they may increase their body weight by a third , they take on a redder tinge .
their natural colour is brown , but after feeding , when they may [raise] their body weight by a third , they take on a redder tinge .

Since the alteration of the law on homosexual acts between consenting adults , there has been a startling increase in the number of male patients who are prepared to talk freely about their homosexuality , and this can only be to the good , as they do appear to have a considerably higher chance of acquiring certain of the sexually transmitted conditions .
since the alteration of the law on homosexual acts between consenting adults , there has been a startling [raise] in the number of male patients who are prepared to talk freely about their homosexuality , and this can only be to the good , as they do appear to have a considerably higher chance of acquiring certain of the sexually transmitted conditions .

These precautions served only to strengthen the aggressive nature of the confrontation , to spread the cult and to increase feelings of loyalty amongst the supporters .
these precautions served only to strengthen the aggressive nature of the confrontation , to spread the cult and to [raise] feelings of loyalty amongst the supporters .

Phase one of this expansion is nearly complete and will increase the diving retail space to 2,500 square feet .
phase one of this expansion is nearly complete and will [raise] the diving retail space to 2,500 square feet .

The answer is that to improve fitness , the body needs to respond and adapt to a gradual and continual increase in training load .
the answer is that to improve fitness , the body needs to respond and adapt to a gradual and continual [raise] in training load .

Aim to increase the proportion of carbohydrates in your diet rather than the sheer volume .
aim to [raise] the proportion of carbohydrates in your diet rather than the sheer volume .

When the  lazy  group started running , they soon reported a dramatic increase in creativity and productivity .
when the  lazy  group started running , they soon reported a dramatic [raise] in creativity and productivity .

Initially this will not amount to very much , but as you increase your distance you will need to step up your intake more .
initially this will not amount to very much , but as you [raise] your distance you will need to step up your intake more .

The recruits showed a 1525 per cent increase in aerobic fitness and a reduction in body fat greater than normally achieved by cycling and aerobic dance .
the recruits showed a 1525 per cent [raise] in aerobic fitness and a reduction in body fat greater than normally achieved by cycling and aerobic dance .

Tempo runs or low-key races increase your anaerobic threshold and give you experience running at race pace .
tempo runs or low-key races [raise] your anaerobic threshold and give you experience running at race pace .

You should never increase a long run , tempo run , speed session or total weekly mileage by more than 10 per cent over the previous week .
you should never [raise] a long run , tempo run , speed session or total weekly mileage by more than 10 per cent over the previous week .

Cold sores are triggered off by an increase in body temperature such as when sunbathing or skiing .
cold sores are triggered off by an [raise] in body temperature such as when sunbathing or skiing .

It 's the most irritable type of scalp condition and it 's on the increase .
it 's the most irritable type of scalp condition and it 's on the [raise] .

Give up smoking and increase your intake of fresh fruit and vegetables and clear water .
give up smoking and [raise] your intake of fresh fruit and vegetables and clear water .

We can try to think of practical ways in which a minority of Tit for Tat individuals might happen to increase to the critical mass .
we can try to think of practical ways in which a minority of tit for tat individuals might happen to [raise] to the critical mass .

That they can increase production in the short and medium run is beyond doubt , but unless employed in the full knowledge of land potential and soil life they can soon lead to diminishing returns .
that they can [raise] production in the short and medium run is beyond doubt , but unless employed in the full knowledge of land potential and soil life they can soon lead to diminishing returns .

The ploughing in of a quick-growing crop as  green manure  ( mustard , rye , tares are suitable ) is sometimes used to increase fertility and improve soil structure .
the ploughing in of a quick-growing crop as  green manure  ( mustard , rye , tares are suitable ) is sometimes used to [raise] fertility and improve soil structure .

Given the right conditions of air , moisture , non-acidity , organic matter , temperature , and protection from physical damage , the earthworm population will increase naturally .
given the right conditions of air , moisture , non-acidity , organic matter , temperature , and protection from physical damage , the earthworm population will [raise] naturally .

If one starts with a podzol soil ( acid , anaerobic , and without worms ) the increase will e very slow as earthworms can not migrate quickly .
if one starts with a podzol soil ( acid , anaerobic , and without worms ) the [raise] will e very slow as earthworms can not migrate quickly .

In the short term , nitrogenous fertilizers , by increasing grasses and clovers , can result in an increase in the earthworm population , but continuous use of superphosphate or Nitro-chalk over a long period has been shown , in trials at Rothamstead , to reduce numbers in proportion to the amount of nitrogen applied .
in the short term , nitrogenous fertilizers , by increasing grasses and clovers , can result in an [raise] in the earthworm population , but continuous use of superphosphate or nitro-chalk over a long period has been shown , in trials at rothamstead , to reduce numbers in proportion to the amount of nitrogen applied .

When one considers the advantages of permanent pasture , and compares relative costs of improving old swards and reseeding to leys , it will be seen that the apparent increase in productivity of leys may be largely offset by these other factors .
when one considers the advantages of permanent pasture , and compares relative costs of improving old swards and reseeding to leys , it will be seen that the apparent [raise] in productivity of leys may be largely offset by these other factors .

Cereal crops  wheat , barley , oats , rye , maize , or  dredge  mixtures  may be grown for a variety of reasons : for the sale of grain for milling , malting , or animal feed ; for home bread-making ; for feeding one 's own livestock either threshed and rolled or on the straw ; for grazing as a green crop ; for arable silage ; for ploughing in to increase fertility ; or for the sale of thatching straw .
cereal crops  wheat , barley , oats , rye , maize , or  dredge  mixtures  may be grown for a variety of reasons : for the sale of grain for milling , malting , or animal feed ; for home bread-making ; for feeding one 's own livestock either threshed and rolled or on the straw ; for grazing as a green crop ; for arable silage ; for ploughing in to [raise] fertility ; or for the sale of thatching straw .

In recent years it has been modified to reduce labour costs and increase profits through the use of machinery , fertilizers , and chemicals .
in recent years it has been modified to reduce labour costs and [raise] profits through the use of machinery , fertilizers , and chemicals .

It is claimed that the herbicides used ( including paraquat , delapon , aminotrazole , and glyphosate ) are neutralized on contact with the soil and do not harm soil life , and that earthworms actually increase under this system .
it is claimed that the herbicides used ( including paraquat , delapon , aminotrazole , and glyphosate ) are neutralized on contact with the soil and do not harm soil life , and that earthworms actually [raise] under this system .

The rise and rise of the railways , with the progressive increase in the volume of passengers and goods carried , led to modifications in the basic ground-plan of stations , particularly terminals .
the rise and rise of the railways , with the progressive [raise] in the volume of passengers and goods carried , led to modifications in the basic ground-plan of stations , particularly terminals .

Full advantage was taken of sloping ground , or  a broad forecourt , to increase the effect .
full advantage was taken of sloping ground , or  a broad forecourt , to [raise] the effect .

Parental and public anxiety grew , and especially as the size of the eleven-plus group expanded without any corresponding increase in grammar-school provision .
parental and public anxiety grew , and especially as the size of the eleven-plus group expanded without any corresponding [raise] in grammar-school provision .

There should be more graduate work generally , and an increase in the number of undergraduate courses covering wider fields of study .
there should be more graduate work generally , and an [raise] in the number of undergraduate courses covering wider fields of study .

It also urged a move away from the practice of streaming  which , given the importance after 1944 of the universal competitive examination at eleven-plus , had tended to increase in the years after the War .
it also urged a move away from the practice of streaming  which , given the importance after 1944 of the universal competitive examination at eleven-plus , had tended to [raise] in the years after the war .

Owners will usually see the value of their property increase and it is often a selling point in estate agents  particulars that a house stands in a conservation area .
owners will usually see the value of their property [raise] and it is often a selling point in estate agents  particulars that a house stands in a conservation area .

On the other hand , the massive increase in conversions of redundant barns to homes had led to calls to halt entirely the conversion of historic barns into houses .
on the other hand , the massive [raise] in conversions of redundant barns to homes had led to calls to halt entirely the conversion of historic barns into houses .

It was known that stimulation caused the heart to increase its oxygen consumption .
it was known that stimulation caused the heart to [raise] its oxygen consumption .

drugs which increase the volume of urine , and were not the first diuretics to have additional valuable properties .
drugs which [raise] the volume of urine , and were not the first diuretics to have additional valuable properties .

Hypertension is but one among many diseases , and progress has been made similarly in developing new drugs for regulating or adapting other parts of the body : drugs to strengthen the heart , to promote formation of blood , to help blood to clot or to prevent blood from clotting , to aid respiration , to increase the flow of urine , or selectively to increase or to diminish the amount of some selected component , to prevent conception or to promote fertility , drugs to stimulate the production of hormones or to block their actions , drugs to influence some particular aspect of the metabolism , and so on .
hypertension is but one among many diseases , and progress has been made similarly in developing new drugs for regulating or adapting other parts of the body : drugs to strengthen the heart , to promote formation of blood , to help blood to clot or to prevent blood from clotting , to aid respiration , to [raise] the flow of urine , or selectively to [raise] or to diminish the amount of some selected component , to prevent conception or to promote fertility , drugs to stimulate the production of hormones or to block their actions , drugs to influence some particular aspect of the metabolism , and so on .

It is hoped that this phenomenal increase will soon level out .
it is hoped that this phenomenal [raise] will soon level out .

There has been a marked increase in Anti-Arab and Anti-Muslim racism in this country .
there has been a marked [raise] in anti-arab and anti-muslim racism in this country .

Smoking by expectant mothers may also increase the chances of brain damage and cerebral palsy .
smoking by expectant mothers may also [raise] the chances of brain damage and cerebral palsy .

But it was the rise over and above the increase in real incomes which caused most grief for inflation and the payments balance .
but it was the rise over and above the [raise] in real incomes which caused most grief for inflation and the payments balance .

The biggest influence on this behaviour has probably been the large increase in wealth , which in turn boils down to the sharp rise in house prices .
the biggest influence on this behaviour has probably been the large [raise] in wealth , which in turn boils down to the sharp rise in house prices .

But does financial liberalisation cause the wealth increase ?
but does financial liberalisation cause the wealth [raise] ?

Clearly , liberalisation is a crucial factor explaining both the rise in house prices and in wealth , and the increase in consumers ' spending , inflation and the balance of payments deficit .
clearly , liberalisation is a crucial factor explaining both the rise in house prices and in wealth , and the [raise] in consumers ' spending , inflation and the balance of payments deficit .

According to the Central Statistical Office , gross domestic product rose by 0.5 per cent in the third quarter of this year , but almost all the increase resulted from the recovery in North Sea oil production after the series of pipeline accidents in 1988 and early 1989 .
according to the central statistical office , gross domestic product rose by 0.5 per cent in the third quarter of this year , but almost all the [raise] resulted from the recovery in north sea oil production after the series of pipeline accidents in 1988 and early 1989 .

First there is an increase in misdemeanours  the type of behaviour a girl might be ticked off for at home but which in care results in her finding herself further up the custodial ladder in a Community Home with Education .
first there is an [raise] in misdemeanours  the type of behaviour a girl might be ticked off for at home but which in care results in her finding herself further up the custodial ladder in a community home with education .

Mr Michael Howard , the Housing Minister , said that the rent guidelines , published yesterday , assumed there would be a national increase of 10 per cent in gross rent income .
mr michael howard , the housing minister , said that the rent guidelines , published yesterday , assumed there would be a national [raise] of 10 per cent in gross rent income .

 That produces an average guideline increase of 2.08 a week , compared with 1.95 last year .
 that produces an average guideline [raise] of 2.08 a week , compared with 1.95 last year .

The highest rise of 27 per cent will be in Salisbury , where a 4.50 increase will bring rents up to 20.50 a week .
the highest rise of 27 per cent will be in salisbury , where a 4.50 [raise] will bring rents up to 20.50 a week .

Under the 1988 Housing Act , local authorities will have to increase their rents further if they allow arrears and fail to achieve 100 per cent rent collection .
under the 1988 housing act , local authorities will have to [raise] their rents further if they allow arrears and fail to achieve 100 per cent rent collection .

But the profits increase was helped by a suspension of pension fund contributions ( shared with employees , unlike most companies ) and other special effects .
but the profits [raise] was helped by a suspension of pension fund contributions ( shared with employees , unlike most companies ) and other special effects .

However , the success of societies in winning back a bigger market share of mortgage business from the banks was highlighted by the increase in gross home loan advances to 4,157million , a figure topped only once during 1989 .
however , the success of societies in winning back a bigger market share of mortgage business from the banks was highlighted by the [raise] in gross home loan advances to 4,157million , a figure topped only once during 1989 .

If the percentage increase in eps is taken as the key measure , companies which begin with very low earnings have an unfair advantage .
if the percentage [raise] in eps is taken as the key measure , companies which begin with very low earnings have an unfair advantage .

There was  no strong case  on domestic grounds for the last base rate increase to 15 per cent .
there was  no strong case  on domestic grounds for the last base rate [raise] to 15 per cent .

Appearance money or guarantees previously were illegal  though not unknown  and under the new system it has been estimated that some top players ( Lendl and Boris Becker make around 1.5 million a year ) could increase their annual earnings by 40 per cent .
appearance money or guarantees previously were illegal  though not unknown  and under the new system it has been estimated that some top players ( lendl and boris becker make around 1.5 million a year ) could [raise] their annual earnings by 40 per cent .

The United States would request its allies to fill in the  vacuum  created by such cutbacks  this would increase the so-called burden sharing .
the united states would request its allies to fill in the  vacuum  created by such cutbacks  this would [raise] the so-called burden sharing .

Most animals increase their fuel consumption in proportion to the extra baggage they are carrying , but not the camel .
most animals [raise] their fuel consumption in proportion to the extra baggage they are carrying , but not the camel .

The sudden , sharp increase in cross-Atlantic skiing traffic owes much to the claims of some American resorts that they can guarantee snow cover , even if as much as 75 per cent of it may be man-made .
the sudden , sharp [raise] in cross-atlantic skiing traffic owes much to the claims of some american resorts that they can guarantee snow cover , even if as much as 75 per cent of it may be man-made .

The importance of majority voting will increase since more and more European economic and social legislation will be deemed necessary because of the single European market .
the importance of majority voting will [raise] since more and more european economic and social legislation will be deemed necessary because of the single european market .

New links with schools in the Soviet Union and eastern Europe will be forged as a result of an increase in the 1990/1991 government grant to the Central Bureau for Educational Visits and Exchanges to 1.18 million from the current 657,000 .
new links with schools in the soviet union and eastern europe will be forged as a result of an [raise] in the 1990/1991 government grant to the central bureau for educational visits and exchanges to 1.18 million from the current 657,000 .

Mr Maxwell said that the postponement was agreed in the last few weeks , following a decision to spend heavily next year on unspecified initiatives to increase Mirror Group 's market share .
mr maxwell said that the postponement was agreed in the last few weeks , following a decision to spend heavily next year on unspecified initiatives to [raise] mirror group 's market share .

It also intends to tax enterprises which increase wages by more than 3 per cent .
it also intends to tax enterprises which [raise] wages by more than 3 per cent .

While Mr Abalkin spoke eagerly of bringing the Soviet economy more in line with the international market , Mr Ryzhkov warned that increasing loans could increase economic and political dependence .
while mr abalkin spoke eagerly of bringing the soviet economy more in line with the international market , mr ryzhkov warned that increasing loans could [raise] economic and political dependence .

Despite the party leadership 's opposition to aspects of Mr Nemeth 's austerity measures , the budget is expected to be approved today , after parliament successfully watered down the controversial changes in housing policy which entailed steep rent rises and a sharp increase in mortgage payments .
despite the party leadership 's opposition to aspects of mr nemeth 's austerity measures , the budget is expected to be approved today , after parliament successfully watered down the controversial changes in housing policy which entailed steep rent rises and a sharp [raise] in mortgage payments .

And the outstanding debt which excludes mortgages has seen a three-fold increase to 40 billion .
and the outstanding debt which excludes mortgages has seen a three-fold [raise] to 40 billion .

Witness the 460 per cent rise in the shares of Associated British Ports or the 250 per cent increase in those of Enterprise Oil as just two examples .
witness the 460 per cent rise in the shares of associated british ports or the 250 per cent [raise] in those of enterprise oil as just two examples .

The overall exports total showed a modest 0.5 per cent increase by value to 8.1billion in November .
the overall exports total showed a modest 0.5 per cent [raise] by value to 8.1billion in november .

By taking a four-month period to flatten out the effect of the usually low total in August and the correspondingly high one for September it calculates the increase on the previous four months was four per cent and the year on year growth at 11 per cent .
by taking a four-month period to flatten out the effect of the usually low total in august and the correspondingly high one for september it calculates the [raise] on the previous four months was four per cent and the year on year growth at 11 per cent .

And the outstanding debt which excludes mortgages has seen a three-fold increase to 40 billion .
and the outstanding debt which excludes mortgages has seen a three-fold [raise] to 40 billion .

The Government had predicted that rateable values would rise by about seven times , but the revaluation has produced an eightfold increase .
the government had predicted that rateable values would rise by about seven times , but the revaluation has produced an eightfold [raise] .

The paper , the Jobs Miracle That Never Was , attacks as barely credible Government claims that the economy has seen a  jobs miracle  since 1983 , with a net increase of 2.75 million people in employment .
the paper , the jobs miracle that never was , attacks as barely credible government claims that the economy has seen a  jobs miracle  since 1983 , with a net [raise] of 2.75 million people in employment .

The committee proposes relaxation of height requirements and an equal opportunities policy  based on a genuine commitment to increase the proportion of police officers from the ethnic minorities to match the proportion in the local population . 
the committee proposes relaxation of height requirements and an equal opportunities policy  based on a genuine commitment to [raise] the proportion of police officers from the ethnic minorities to match the proportion in the local population . 

Nor is it possible to say with confidence how much of the increase is due to melting glaciers and how much to thermal expansion .
nor is it possible to say with confidence how much of the [raise] is due to melting glaciers and how much to thermal expansion .

Concern about sea-level rise must not be allowed to divert attention from other problems caused by the increase of coastal populations .
concern about sea-level rise must not be allowed to divert attention from other problems caused by the [raise] of coastal populations .

Ford retained market leadership with its share up from a lowly 20 per cent last September to 25 per cent  a volume increase from 34,421 to 38,445 .
ford retained market leadership with its share up from a lowly 20 per cent last september to 25 per cent  a volume [raise] from 34,421 to 38,445 .

Chrysler , meanwhile , is having more success with its Cherokee 4wd and Voyager minibus ranges and expects to move 50,000 cars in 1990 , followed by a modest increase next year .
chrysler , meanwhile , is having more success with its cherokee 4wd and voyager minibus ranges and expects to move 50,000 cars in 1990 , followed by a modest [raise] next year .

Pressurised air then passes through an intercooler to reduce the charge temperature and hence increase its density on its way to the inlet manifold .
pressurised air then passes through an intercooler to reduce the charge temperature and hence [raise] its density on its way to the inlet manifold .

First gear , for example , gives over 60mph without exceeding 6000rpm , and around the peak of the torque curve a 20mph increase takes less than 2secs .
first gear , for example , gives over 60mph without exceeding 6000rpm , and around the peak of the torque curve a 20mph [raise] takes less than 2secs .

The trade-off is a shortage of feel and increase in weight when driving quickly .
the trade-off is a shortage of feel and [raise] in weight when driving quickly .

Over the last few years there has been a dramatic increase in the number of rigs available from shops .
over the last few years there has been a dramatic [raise] in the number of rigs available from shops .

The flounder population is also on the increase .
the flounder population is also on the [raise] .

Severe cold conditions could lead to a big increase in cod numbers .
severe cold conditions could lead to a big [raise] in cod numbers .

The pattern , that this was the way archbishops happened , was broken by the steady increase in lay headmasters during the earlier twentieth century .
the pattern , that this was the way archbishops happened , was broken by the steady [raise] in lay headmasters during the earlier twentieth century .

His stipend was 220 a year but this was a big increase on his Liverpool pay because he had free rooms and free meals .
his stipend was 220 a year but this was a big [raise] on his liverpool pay because he had free rooms and free meals .

He managed to increase the staff in two ways ; first by getting the endowment for the chair of Greek freed from the attachment to a canonry and then the endowment of the canonry used to give a second professorship of theology ; secondly by persuading the vice-chancellor to find money for a lectureship in New Testament studies . For this lectureship he chose ( 1945 ) Kingsley Barrett , who was a dedicated
he managed to [raise] the staff in two ways ; first by getting the endowment for the chair of greek freed from the attachment to a canonry and then the endowment of the canonry used to give a second professorship of theology ; secondly by persuading the vice-chancellor to find money for a lectureship in new testament studies . for this lectureship he chose ( 1945 ) kingsley barrett , who was a dedicated

In the 1960s , Hoover was looking to increase the output of its manufacturing plant closer to its capacity level and so intended to boost its sales in mainland Europe .
in the 1960s , hoover was looking to [raise] the output of its manufacturing plant closer to its capacity level and so intended to boost its sales in mainland europe .

The result of this decision was an increase in direct production costs approaching 20 % , caused mainly by the relatively short runs for each model .
the result of this decision was an [raise] in direct production costs approaching 20 % , caused mainly by the relatively short runs for each model .

Although a transfer of the ownership of a company is unlikely to be well received by the board , care should be taken before making the decision on how to react ; agreeing to increase national control can be less harmful than ( for instance ) withdrawing from the country altogether .
although a transfer of the ownership of a company is unlikely to be well received by the board , care should be taken before making the decision on how to react ; agreeing to [raise] national control can be less harmful than ( for instance ) withdrawing from the country altogether .

Multiple regression analysis computer programs can be used to introduce other independent variables that might increase the statistical reliability of the regression equation ( increasing the value of Rs towards 1.0 )  in our example , perhaps , the cost of cars , the cost of petrol , the total length of roadway in the country , and so on .
multiple regression analysis computer programs can be used to introduce other independent variables that might [raise] the statistical reliability of the regression equation ( increasing the value of rs towards 1.0 )  in our example , perhaps , the cost of cars , the cost of petrol , the total length of roadway in the country , and so on .

Alexander seems to have shared this insouciant attitude to the economic problem , arguing at one stage that there should not be a problem of competition for manpower between civilian and military uses as  a slight increase in productivity  would solve the manpower gap .
alexander seems to have shared this insouciant attitude to the economic problem , arguing at one stage that there should not be a problem of competition for manpower between civilian and military uses as  a slight [raise] in productivity  would solve the manpower gap .

The 1857 Divorce Act , which removed divorce from church jurisdiction , did not result in a rapid increase in the divorce rate .
the 1857 divorce act , which removed divorce from church jurisdiction , did not result in a rapid [raise] in the divorce rate .

While Stone struggles to keep open the question as to whether more divorce produces an increase in the sum of human happiness , he is obviously uneasy about the way in which divorce has become a routine and largely administrative process .
while stone struggles to keep open the question as to whether more divorce produces an [raise] in the sum of human happiness , he is obviously uneasy about the way in which divorce has become a routine and largely administrative process .

Stone is not alone in noting the  discrepancy  ( p. 420 ) between this and the apparent economic drawbacks of divorce for women ( the increase in divorce has been one of the major factors contributing to the  feminization of poverty  ) .
stone is not alone in noting the  discrepancy  ( p. 420 ) between this and the apparent economic drawbacks of divorce for women ( the [raise] in divorce has been one of the major factors contributing to the  feminization of poverty  ) .

Generally speaking , the home materials industry could support a greatly expanded building programme without an appreciable increase of labour or capital .
generally speaking , the home materials industry could support a greatly expanded building programme without an appreciable [raise] of labour or capital .

Without underestimating the possibility that we may still witness some increase of private medical insurance , it would not be realistic to pretend that one can see how an alternative system could now grow up beside , or be substituted for , the channelling of this 1,000 million of the national income through government agencies .
without underestimating the possibility that we may still witness some [raise] of private medical insurance , it would not be realistic to pretend that one can see how an alternative system could now grow up beside , or be substituted for , the channelling of this 1,000 million of the national income through government agencies .

Socially and demographically the period has been dominated by two factors  the fall in the size of families and the increase in the expectation of survival to retirement , the effects of which are still far from having exhausted themselves .
socially and demographically the period has been dominated by two factors  the fall in the size of families and the [raise] in the expectation of survival to retirement , the effects of which are still far from having exhausted themselves .

The next stage ( 1925 ) was to increase the pension but make it conditional on having paid certain contributions , which were compulsory below a given income .
the next stage ( 1925 ) was to [raise] the pension but make it conditional on having paid certain contributions , which were compulsory below a given income .

The third stage ( 1946 ) was to increase the pension to what was intended to be subsistence level , but render it conditional on retirement and make contribution compulsory for virtually all .
the third stage ( 1946 ) was to [raise] the pension to what was intended to be subsistence level , but render it conditional on retirement and make contribution compulsory for virtually all .

Indeed , stability of prices generally is perfectly consistent with the increase of some prices , provided others are reduced .
indeed , stability of prices generally is perfectly consistent with the [raise] of some prices , provided others are reduced .

Or does it mean that if total incomes rise by 4 per cent and total profits by 5 per cent , all profits are subject to a levy of one-fifth of their increase over the previous period ?
or does it mean that if total incomes rise by 4 per cent and total profits by 5 per cent , all profits are subject to a levy of one-fifth of their [raise] over the previous period ?

The politician is the organ of society for having its cake and eating it , for escaping , if only for a moment , if only through a form of art  art is , after all , a means of escape  from the grimness of reality , from this grim fact that you ca n't have the cake and eat it , that you ca n't have public expenditure increased in excess of the rate of increase of the national product , unless private claims are correspondingly surrendered .
the politician is the organ of society for having its cake and eating it , for escaping , if only for a moment , if only through a form of art  art is , after all , a means of escape  from the grimness of reality , from this grim fact that you ca n't have the cake and eat it , that you ca n't have public expenditure increased in excess of the rate of [raise] of the national product , unless private claims are correspondingly surrendered .

So , the answer is that the strongest motives restrain Governments from limiting the rate of growth of public expenditure to that rate which they could be sure of meeting within the growth of the national product and thus without any substantial increase in taxation but also without relying upon borrowing and without monetisation of debt .
so , the answer is that the strongest motives restrain governments from limiting the rate of growth of public expenditure to that rate which they could be sure of meeting within the growth of the national product and thus without any substantial [raise] in taxation but also without relying upon borrowing and without monetisation of debt .

Let us suppose that a Government , a party , observing that the rate of increase of the national income has been as high as 3 per cent in real terms over the last few years , were to decide to make plans which involve the growth of public expenditure at the rate of 2and1/2 ; per cent , so as to be a little within the recent happy experience .
let us suppose that a government , a party , observing that the rate of [raise] of the national income has been as high as 3 per cent in real terms over the last few years , were to decide to make plans which involve the growth of public expenditure at the rate of 2and1/2 ; per cent , so as to be a little within the recent happy experience .

Just imagine the abuse with which they would be showered by people who would tell them :  Since it is easily possible for the economy to grow at 4 , 5 , 6 per cent or any other figure you like , the public are being cheated of the growth of public expenditure which they have a right to enjoy by this niggardly Government which is only counting on being able safely to increase public expenditure at a rate of 2 to 2and1/2 ; per cent .
just imagine the abuse with which they would be showered by people who would tell them :  since it is easily possible for the economy to grow at 4 , 5 , 6 per cent or any other figure you like , the public are being cheated of the growth of public expenditure which they have a right to enjoy by this niggardly government which is only counting on being able safely to [raise] public expenditure at a rate of 2 to 2and1/2 ; per cent .

 When the late Conservative administration did its sums at the end of 1963 it found that its future programme worked out at an annual rate of increase of 4.1 per cent .
 when the late conservative administration did its sums at the end of 1963 it found that its future programme worked out at an annual rate of [raise] of 4.1 per cent .

The  worms in Lucretius  explanation of inflation works as follows : a trade union , because of its bargaining strength with monopoly powers , secures an increase in the remuneration of its members , say , 5 , 10 , 15 per cent  what they call  excessive  or  unjustified  .
the  worms in lucretius  explanation of inflation works as follows : a trade union , because of its bargaining strength with monopoly powers , secures an [raise] in the remuneration of its members , say , 5 , 10 , 15 per cent  what they call  excessive  or  unjustified  .

This is an issue on which it is extraordinarily difficult to find conclusive arguments either way  The general conclusion which we have reached is that there is no clear evidence in any of the figures we have examined that the abolition of capital punishment has led to an increase in the homicide rate , or that its reintroduction has led to a fall .
this is an issue on which it is extraordinarily difficult to find conclusive arguments either way  the general conclusion which we have reached is that there is no clear evidence in any of the figures we have examined that the abolition of capital punishment has led to an [raise] in the homicide rate , or that its reintroduction has led to a fall .

It is a period which has not yet manifestly reached its climax ; and in the more recent past it has been characterised in Britain , as elsewhere , by a marked increase in the use of firearms .
it is a period which has not yet manifestly reached its climax ; and in the more recent past it has been characterised in britain , as elsewhere , by a marked [raise] in the use of firearms .

It would be mere superstition to attribute the increase in murders to the change of penalty and the increase in the rest of crime to some other cause or causes .
it would be mere superstition to attribute the [raise] in murders to the change of penalty and the [raise] in the rest of crime to some other cause or causes .

Consequently , to maintain a constant level of satisfaction  or , what is the same thing , of dissatisfaction  with the health services , expenditure upon them ought relatively to increase somewhat in real terms .
consequently , to maintain a constant level of satisfaction  or , what is the same thing , of dissatisfaction  with the health services , expenditure upon them ought relatively to [raise] somewhat in real terms .

The astonishing achievements of Western civilisation in controlling and exploring the resources of the world , and the consequent increase in material wealth and standards of living , would not have taken place if the procurement of knowledge for its own sake had not mapped out the paths of which technology and investment for profit thereafter took advantage .
the astonishing achievements of western civilisation in controlling and exploring the resources of the world , and the consequent [raise] in material wealth and standards of living , would not have taken place if the procurement of knowledge for its own sake had not mapped out the paths of which technology and investment for profit thereafter took advantage .

This huge increase should have allayed the peasants ' suspicions of the new regime , but this was hot the case .
this huge [raise] should have allayed the peasants ' suspicions of the new regime , but this was hot the case .

In 1921 , there was a huge increase in the emigration and physical extinction of households .
in 1921 , there was a huge [raise] in the emigration and physical extinction of households .

As singles usually make a loss for record companies , being  tasters  for the album , any large marketing campaign would only increase this deficit .
as singles usually make a loss for record companies , being  tasters  for the album , any large marketing campaign would only [raise] this deficit .

The second problem of touring is that the volume of the band 's financial transactions will increase dramatically .
the second problem of touring is that the volume of the band 's financial transactions will [raise] dramatically .

The introduction of cash crops and an increasing population acted together to increase pressure on the land significantly , in specific cases even to critical levels , such as in Ruanda and in the  reserves  of Kenya and Zimbabwe .
the introduction of cash crops and an increasing population acted together to [raise] pressure on the land significantly , in specific cases even to critical levels , such as in ruanda and in the  reserves  of kenya and zimbabwe .

The response of cattle owners was to increase the total numbers in their herd , rather than to maintain a smaller herd with lower mortality levels .
the response of cattle owners was to [raise] the total numbers in their herd , rather than to maintain a smaller herd with lower mortality levels .

It was the Mau Mau conflict itself which forced the government to recognize the need to increase the productivity of the Kikuyu areas , and it was the same conflict which facilitated the means .
it was the mau mau conflict itself which forced the government to recognize the need to [raise] the productivity of the kikuyu areas , and it was the same conflict which facilitated the means .

The success of this approach was reflected in a threefold increase in marketed output from 1953 to 1962 in the areas where land reform had been implemented , without a matching decline in the productivity of food crops .
the success of this approach was reflected in a threefold [raise] in marketed output from 1953 to 1962 in the areas where land reform had been implemented , without a matching decline in the productivity of food crops .

In Tanzania in the early 1980s , 90 per cent of agricultural production in the resettled villages was still geared to subsistence consumption and there had been no long-term increase in the productivity of the farmers involved .
in tanzania in the early 1980s , 90 per cent of agricultural production in the resettled villages was still geared to subsistence consumption and there had been no long-term [raise] in the productivity of the farmers involved .

Between 1960 and 1980 the total acreage devoted to food production in Africa increased from about 70 million hectares to about 100 million , or about 2.5 per cent per year , sufficient to sustain a population increase of about 2.7 per cent .
between 1960 and 1980 the total acreage devoted to food production in africa increased from about 70 million hectares to about 100 million , or about 2.5 per cent per year , sufficient to sustain a population [raise] of about 2.7 per cent .

Within this overall picture one approach , when well managed , appeared to combine the potential of commercial large-scale management with the potential of small farmers to achieve an increase in productivity .
within this overall picture one approach , when well managed , appeared to combine the potential of commercial large-scale management with the potential of small farmers to achieve an [raise] in productivity .

In this case a strategy of building and strengthening an existing practice had combined with organizational arrangements to increase small farmers ' output .
in this case a strategy of building and strengthening an existing practice had combined with organizational arrangements to [raise] small farmers ' output .

Whether they can increase production at a rate which allows urban markets to be fed and exports to be maintained depends on several factors .
whether they can [raise] production at a rate which allows urban markets to be fed and exports to be maintained depends on several factors .

It is doubtful , however , whether the changes implemented to date constitute an adequate boost towards achieving a continuous increase in marketed surpluses .
it is doubtful , however , whether the changes implemented to date constitute an adequate boost towards achieving a continuous [raise] in marketed surpluses .

These factors suggest that an increase in turnover in the formal sector will ensure a reflected increase in turnover in the informal sector .
these factors suggest that an [raise] in turnover in the formal sector will ensure a reflected [raise] in turnover in the informal sector .

Furthermore , although the sector is generating profits which in turn increase the national stock of capital , this is mainly in housing and land , and not in manufacturing capacity .
furthermore , although the sector is generating profits which in turn [raise] the national stock of capital , this is mainly in housing and land , and not in manufacturing capacity .

If initiatives of this kind are sustained , and matched by measures which increase the informals ' security once they are in business , the sector can certainly gather greater strength and has the potential to generate jobs almost as fast as the urban population grows , but at very low levels of income , and in the form of enterprises where investment and technology is minimal .
if initiatives of this kind are sustained , and matched by measures which [raise] the informals ' security once they are in business , the sector can certainly gather greater strength and has the potential to generate jobs almost as fast as the urban population grows , but at very low levels of income , and in the form of enterprises where investment and technology is minimal .

While there was certainly an increase in the output of these businesses in the prosperous years of the late 1970s it is doubtful if they did more than keep pace with the fast growth rate for the manufacturing sector as a whole , estimated by the World Bank to be 12 per cent from 1970 to 1982 .
while there was certainly an [raise] in the output of these businesses in the prosperous years of the late 1970s it is doubtful if they did more than keep pace with the fast growth rate for the manufacturing sector as a whole , estimated by the world bank to be 12 per cent from 1970 to 1982 .

The government saw it as a means to increase the resources under its control ; those few livestock owners who were aware of the project saw it as a means to acquire more stock and supplies of water , but with no thought of selling more of their animals ; the Bank saw it as an intervention which would initiate a commercial livestock industry in Tanzania , a means of increasing resource utilization and exports .
the government saw it as a means to [raise] the resources under its control ; those few livestock owners who were aware of the project saw it as a means to acquire more stock and supplies of water , but with no thought of selling more of their animals ; the bank saw it as an intervention which would initiate a commercial livestock industry in tanzania , a means of increasing resource utilization and exports .

It can be argued that the increase rather than the reduction in the need for aid is due to a series of weaknesses in its composition and nature .
it can be argued that the [raise] rather than the reduction in the need for aid is due to a series of weaknesses in its composition and nature .

More difficult to determine is the extent to which aid has freed resources for consumption , and so done little to increase investment levels in the manner envisaged by Rostow or Chenery .
more difficult to determine is the extent to which aid has freed resources for consumption , and so done little to [raise] investment levels in the manner envisaged by rostow or chenery .

aid is essentially a substitute for saving and  a large fraction of foreign capital is used to increase consumption rather than investment .
aid is essentially a substitute for saving and  a large fraction of foreign capital is used to [raise] consumption rather than investment .

However , when these differences were revealed it was difficult to know which side feared cancelling the project most  ironically it might be the donor with its vested interest in a cumulative increase in annual disbursements , rather than the government with several hundred projects of which at least a half could be in the same state .
however , when these differences were revealed it was difficult to know which side feared cancelling the project most  ironically it might be the donor with its vested interest in a cumulative [raise] in annual disbursements , rather than the government with several hundred projects of which at least a half could be in the same state .

The result of the migration process is therefore a steady increase in the demand for purchased products , since most rural families will grow their own food , and make much of their domestic equipment .
the result of the migration process is therefore a steady [raise] in the demand for purchased products , since most rural families will grow their own food , and make much of their domestic equipment .

As the urban economy grows the official export of primary agricultural commodities will increase only at a very modest rate , if at all .
as the urban economy grows the official export of primary agricultural commodities will [raise] only at a very modest rate , if at all .

As a result of the limited increase in exports most governments will continue to experience serious balance of payments difficulties , although in some countries sometimes offset by earnings from minerals such as oil and diamonds .
as a result of the limited [raise] in exports most governments will continue to experience serious balance of payments difficulties , although in some countries sometimes offset by earnings from minerals such as oil and diamonds .

Nonetheless , unofficial exports between neighbouring countries are likely to continue to increase , but to go largely unrecorded .
nonetheless , unofficial exports between neighbouring countries are likely to continue to [raise] , but to go largely unrecorded .

Economies will gradually become more interdependent , particularly between food deficit and food surplus countries , and the migration of labour between countries is likely to increase .
economies will gradually become more interdependent , particularly between food deficit and food surplus countries , and the migration of labour between countries is likely to [raise] .

The year was a busy one for the residents with an increase in the number of outings , many in connection with the 50th Anniversary of the Battle of Britain .
the year was a busy one for the residents with an [raise] in the number of outings , many in connection with the 50th anniversary of the battle of britain .

1990 saw an increase in the number of Tribunal hearings when the Central and Area Headquarters ' representatives attended 127 Entitlement and 86 Assessment Appeals .
1990 saw an [raise] in the number of tribunal hearings when the central and area headquarters ' representatives attended 127 entitlement and 86 assessment appeals .

Operating expenditure increased by 295,048 , an increase of 12.0 % .
operating expenditure increased by 295,048 , an [raise] of 12.0 % .

The increase of 68,908 in interest paid on Branch deposits was partly due to high interest rates and partly because more Branches put their surplus funds on deposit with Central Headquarters .
the [raise] of 68,908 in interest paid on branch deposits was partly due to high interest rates and partly because more branches put their surplus funds on deposit with central headquarters .

The overall increase in the net costs of the two Homes for the year was 75,789 .
the overall [raise] in the net costs of the two homes for the year was 75,789 .

In considering priorities for the future it would be sensible to assume a substantial increase in welfare need combined with a decrease in government support .
in considering priorities for the future it would be sensible to assume a substantial [raise] in welfare need combined with a decrease in government support .

The Association is experiencing an increase in welfare casework , particularly from those who served in the Air Force during the Second World War , and who are now elderly and in need of our support .
the association is experiencing an [raise] in welfare casework , particularly from those who served in the air force during the second world war , and who are now elderly and in need of our support .

If we are to continue to meet our welfare task , our target for the Wings Appeal must increase year by year .
if we are to continue to meet our welfare task , our target for the wings appeal must [raise] year by year .

Share prices soared , although some of this was due to falling interest rates that followed the unhooking of the pound from the dollar , stimulating gilt-edged , rather than a major increase in manufacturing output or exports .
share prices soared , although some of this was due to falling interest rates that followed the unhooking of the pound from the dollar , stimulating gilt-edged , rather than a major [raise] in manufacturing output or exports .

The ending of the former child allowances and their replacement with tax-free child benefits in 1975 meant an increase in the problem of dependency , with only about half the 750,000 one-parent families in 1976 , for instance , able to rely on their income as means of support .
the ending of the former child allowances and their replacement with tax-free child benefits in 1975 meant an [raise] in the problem of dependency , with only about half the 750,000 one-parent families in 1976 , for instance , able to rely on their income as means of support .

The effect of high interest rates and a  petro-pound  was to strengthen sterling ; the consequences were for exports to sag and for inflationary pressure to increase rather than diminish .
the effect of high interest rates and a  petro-pound  was to strengthen sterling ; the consequences were for exports to sag and for inflationary pressure to [raise] rather than diminish .

The case for efficiency in each case was not made out , and there was a clear prospect , at a time of rising inflation , of large increases in charges for both , especially for water supply , with privately metered arrangements likely to increase the cost to the domestic consumer .
the case for efficiency in each case was not made out , and there was a clear prospect , at a time of rising inflation , of large increases in charges for both , especially for water supply , with privately metered arrangements likely to [raise] the cost to the domestic consumer .

Excavation of sand and gravel may scar the landscape but it does increase habitats for wildlife .
excavation of sand and gravel may scar the landscape but it does [raise] habitats for wildlife .

Mandle 's calculation of an average benefit of 816 in the 1890s indicates a threefold increase since the 1860s , and would have been enough perhaps to start a man off in a small business .
mandle 's calculation of an average benefit of 816 in the 1890s indicates a threefold [raise] since the 1860s , and would have been enough perhaps to start a man off in a small business .

Their lack of other skills or a decent education often pushed them into routine manual labour , though jobs within football did increase between the wars .
their lack of other skills or a decent education often pushed them into routine manual labour , though jobs within football did [raise] between the wars .

Pressure to increase state involvement came from various directions .
pressure to [raise] state involvement came from various directions .

The end of the Gulf war has prompted Rover Group to increase exports of its cars .
the end of the gulf war has prompted rover group to [raise] exports of its cars .

New Audi 100 priced for big sales increase
new audi 100 priced for big sales [raise]

Audi hopes its keen pricing will increase sales of new 100 four-fold over those achieved with the old model
audi hopes its keen pricing will [raise] sales of new 100 four-fold over those achieved with the old model

Any fiscal measures dampening demand for new cars will only increase unemployment in the motor trade .
any fiscal measures dampening demand for new cars will only [raise] unemployment in the motor trade .

However , Lamont will almost certainly announce a further increase in tax liability on company cars .
however , lamont will almost certainly announce a further [raise] in tax liability on company cars .

For instance , after 1990 's budget an employee earning 17,500 per year and driving a Vauxhall Cavalier 2.0 faced tax of 700 , an 87.50 increase .
for instance , after 1990 's budget an employee earning 17,500 per year and driving a vauxhall cavalier 2.0 faced tax of 700 , an 87.50 [raise] .

The 50,000-per-year managing director driving a Mercedes-Benz had to pay 3320 , an increase of 500 .
the 50,000-per-year managing director driving a mercedes-benz had to pay 3320 , an [raise] of 500 .

Labour would continue to increase the tax liability on company cars ahead of the inflation rate .
labour would continue to [raise] the tax liability on company cars ahead of the inflation rate .

Formal games too consciously played increase the sense of unease .
formal games too consciously played [raise] the sense of unease .

The choice , according to such critics , has been either to increase taxes to cover the public spending for the services  which was contrary to the government 's tax-cutting policies  or to reduce the scale of state provision of welfare .
the choice , according to such critics , has been either to [raise] taxes to cover the public spending for the services  which was contrary to the government 's tax-cutting policies  or to reduce the scale of state provision of welfare .

In 1979 Mrs Thatcher made election pledges to increase old age pensions in line with inflation and to  protect  the National Health Service , although she made no commitments about other areas .
in 1979 mrs thatcher made election pledges to [raise] old age pensions in line with inflation and to  protect  the national health service , although she made no commitments about other areas .

1 ) partly because of the unexpected and sharp rise in unemployment and partly because of the increase in people of pensionable age .
1 ) partly because of the unexpected and sharp rise in unemployment and partly because of the [raise] in people of pensionable age .

1 above shows that between 1978  9 and 1988  9 there was a major and planned increase in real terms in spending on defence and law and order ; spending on housing and industry were heavily cut , while on education ( helped by a fall in numbers of school children ) and on transport it stayed fairly constant .
1 above shows that between 1978  9 and 1988  9 there was a major and planned [raise] in real terms in spending on defence and law and order ; spending on housing and industry were heavily cut , while on education ( helped by a fall in numbers of school children ) and on transport it stayed fairly constant .

The tax cuts for the top income earners , the increase in share prices over the decade , and the effects of the recession have sharpened economic differentials in the Thatcher period .
the tax cuts for the top income earners , the [raise] in share prices over the decade , and the effects of the recession have sharpened economic differentials in the thatcher period .

But for the whole economy the increase is only 1.9 per cent , better than the 1970s but lower than the 1960s .
but for the whole economy the [raise] is only 1.9 per cent , better than the 1970s but lower than the 1960s .

On the other hand Mrs Thatcher has jealously maintained tax reliefs for homeownership and private pensions ( indeed , extended them for private health care for the over-60s ) and privatization of gas and telephones have done little to increase competition .
on the other hand mrs thatcher has jealously maintained tax reliefs for homeownership and private pensions ( indeed , extended them for private health care for the over-60s ) and privatization of gas and telephones have done little to [raise] competition .

There was also the undoubted increase in her personal self-confidence and stature as a result of the recapture of the Falklands and then the 1983 and 1987 election victories .
there was also the undoubted [raise] in her personal self-confidence and stature as a result of the recapture of the falklands and then the 1983 and 1987 election victories .

She has challenged certain long-established political assumptions : that a government could not be re-elected if it presided over a massive increase in unemployment ; or that a government had to govern with the consent and co-operation of the major interests , particularly business and the unions .
she has challenged certain long-established political assumptions : that a government could not be re-elected if it presided over a massive [raise] in unemployment ; or that a government had to govern with the consent and co-operation of the major interests , particularly business and the unions .

The so-called  wets  favoured an interventionist role for government in the economy and were prepared to increase state spending to boost employment , even if this risked some increase in inflation .
the so-called  wets  favoured an interventionist role for government in the economy and were prepared to [raise] state spending to boost employment , even if this risked some [raise] in inflation .

a substantial increase in police numbers and pay ;
a substantial [raise] in police numbers and pay ;

It is now commonplace to say that the Thatcher governments have had to be highly interventionist in order to extend the market , increase the rights of consumers , and reduce producer power .
it is now commonplace to say that the thatcher governments have had to be highly interventionist in order to extend the market , [raise] the rights of consumers , and reduce producer power .

In education radicals welcome the introduction of the assisted places scheme , CTCs , proposals for opting out , and increase in places on school governing boards for parents , but seek further reforms to erode the dominance of the state and extend parental choice .
in education radicals welcome the introduction of the assisted places scheme , ctcs , proposals for opting out , and [raise] in places on school governing boards for parents , but seek further reforms to erode the dominance of the state and extend parental choice .

Since 1973 there has been a steady increase in electoral support for the Conservative party which dominated centre-right coalition governments in the early 1980s .
since 1973 there has been a steady [raise] in electoral support for the conservative party which dominated centre-right coalition governments in the early 1980s .

Moreover , these trends are likely to increase ( aided by the Conservative government ) as a result of privatization , council house sales , and the growth of home-ownership and the southward drift of population .
moreover , these trends are likely to [raise] ( aided by the conservative government ) as a result of privatization , council house sales , and the growth of home-ownership and the southward drift of population .

So the election produced an enormous increase in at least minimal awareness of local candidates .
so the election produced an enormous [raise] in at least minimal awareness of local candidates .

That was matched by a similarly dramatic increase in public perceptions that the party debate had now focused on defence , but by only a small increase in the public 's own concern about the issue .
that was matched by a similarly dramatic [raise] in public perceptions that the party debate had now focused on defence , but by only a small [raise] in the public 's own concern about the issue .

If there were a huge demand for a quality left-wing paper then sales of the Guardian would increase sharply and ( less certainly ) an enterprising businessman might provide another left-wing alternative .
if there were a huge demand for a quality left-wing paper then sales of the guardian would [raise] sharply and ( less certainly ) an enterprising businessman might provide another left-wing alternative .

From 1860 on , however , a dramatic increase in the number of such works occurred ; a veritable explosion of major publications took place which owed a great deal to the excitement aroused by The Origin of Species .
from 1860 on , however , a dramatic [raise] in the number of such works occurred ; a veritable explosion of major publications took place which owed a great deal to the excitement aroused by the origin of species .

One reason for this increase in interest on the part of Marx is the wealth of new publications and theories which followed the assimilation by anthropologists of Darwin 's discoveries .
one reason for this [raise] in interest on the part of marx is the wealth of new publications and theories which followed the assimilation by anthropologists of darwin 's discoveries .

These new techniques brought about an increase in the things which people needed to control for production , especially land , herds , tools , and even the slaves who became of importance at this stage .
these new techniques brought about an [raise] in the things which people needed to control for production , especially land , herds , tools , and even the slaves who became of importance at this stage .

Rome and Greece , for Engels , develop classes ( slaves ) in response to the development of agricultural techniques and the growth of manufacturing , both of which cause an increase in the division of labour .
rome and greece , for engels , develop classes ( slaves ) in response to the development of agricultural techniques and the growth of manufacturing , both of which cause an [raise] in the division of labour .

Quite likely , within a year or two , it will be told to increase its share .
quite likely , within a year or two , it will be told to [raise] its share .

The decision to increase American aid reflected the  dramatic changes in Poland over the past two months  , said Mr Fitzwater .
the decision to [raise] american aid reflected the  dramatic changes in poland over the past two months  , said mr fitzwater .

The Democrats have been calling Mr Bush 's aid plan  grossly inadequate  and have been determined to produce an alternative that would increase the aid to the eastern European countries .
the democrats have been calling mr bush 's aid plan  grossly inadequate  and have been determined to produce an alternative that would [raise] the aid to the eastern european countries .

Earnings rose 20.3 per cent to 17.25p and a final dividend of 3.5p makes a 39 per cent increase in the total to 5p .
earnings rose 20.3 per cent to 17.25p and a final dividend of 3.5p makes a 39 per cent [raise] in the total to 5p .

Worldwide , Lowe International won over 100m of new business in the first six months , more than double the total 1988 increase .
worldwide , lowe international won over 100m of new business in the first six months , more than double the total 1988 [raise] .

For executives below board level the median increase was about 10 per cent .
for executives below board level the median [raise] was about 10 per cent .

Sterling slipped marginally yesterday in advance of a widely-expected increase in West German interest rates tomorrow , writes Peter Torday .
sterling slipped marginally yesterday in advance of a widely-expected [raise] in west german interest rates tomorrow , writes peter torday .

The half-year figures showed an 8 per cent increase in pre-tax profits to 65.2m , and a similar rise in earnings to 7p .
the half-year figures showed an 8 per cent [raise] in pre-tax profits to 65.2m , and a similar rise in earnings to 7p .

And another increase in rates could increase the risks of recession .
and another [raise] in rates could [raise] the risks of recession .

Yesterday the Bundesbank drained funds in the German money markets pushing rates up to levels suggesting a full point increase in the Discount and Lombard rates , which stand at 5 per cent and 7 per cent respectively .
yesterday the bundesbank drained funds in the german money markets pushing rates up to levels suggesting a full point [raise] in the discount and lombard rates , which stand at 5 per cent and 7 per cent respectively .

Building societies face the threat of a further slowdown in their mortgage sales as pressure intensifies for an increase in base rates , and therefore mortgage rates .
building societies face the threat of a further slowdown in their mortgage sales as pressure intensifies for an [raise] in base rates , and therefore mortgage rates .

Overall the society produced a comparatively strong 6.4 per cent increase in pre-tax profits to 237.7m for the half year .
overall the society produced a comparatively strong 6.4 per cent [raise] in pre-tax profits to 237.7m for the half year .

Mike Blackburn , chief executive , commented :  We will be able to reduce operating costs , increase branch profitability and take advantage of areas where there is more potential .
mike blackburn , chief executive , commented :  we will be able to reduce operating costs , [raise] branch profitability and take advantage of areas where there is more potential .

 Most importantly of all , we have got to increase the quality and the quantity of skills training and we have to make a new commitment to education . 
 most importantly of all , we have got to [raise] the quality and the quantity of skills training and we have to make a new commitment to education . 

It wants the Interim Advisory Committee , which will determine the profession 's pay increase for the 1990-91 year , to be allowed to remedy the error by using new money over and above the 600m limit the Government has set on the global sum available for any increase .
it wants the interim advisory committee , which will determine the profession 's pay [raise] for the 1990-91 year , to be allowed to remedy the error by using new money over and above the 600m limit the government has set on the global sum available for any [raise] .

Lord St John thinks they will actually increase the security risk because the very visible opening of the gates will draw attention to the Prime Minister 's movements .
lord st john thinks they will actually [raise] the security risk because the very visible opening of the gates will draw attention to the prime minister 's movements .

Simply increasing the number of university places will not in itself increase access .
simply increasing the number of university places will not in itself [raise] access .

Microfilm also announced full year results yesterday showing a 50 per cent increase in pre-tax profits to 6m on turnover up from 15m to 24.2m .
microfilm also announced full year results yesterday showing a 50 per cent [raise] in pre-tax profits to 6m on turnover up from 15m to 24.2m .

The market reaction was even more bizarre considering Betterware reported an increase in first-half pre-tax profits of 52 per cent to 1.12m .
the market reaction was even more bizarre considering betterware reported an [raise] in first-half pre-tax profits of 52 per cent to 1.12m .

Nearly 7bn was wiped off share values following the increase in interest rates .
nearly 7bn was wiped off share values following the [raise] in interest rates .

On the high street a sales rise at Next Retail of just 3.6 per cent compared with an increase in trading space of 17.6 per cent speaks volumes about Next 's unbalanced expansion .
on the high street a sales rise at next retail of just 3.6 per cent compared with an [raise] in trading space of 17.6 per cent speaks volumes about next 's unbalanced expansion .

Etam sales , up 32 per cent to 84.3m on an increase in trading space of 29 per cent , appeared to benefit from the hot summer weather and its low-priced fashion for younger women seemed not to suffer greatly from the effects of higher mortgages .
etam sales , up 32 per cent to 84.3m on an [raise] in trading space of 29 per cent , appeared to benefit from the hot summer weather and its low-priced fashion for younger women seemed not to suffer greatly from the effects of higher mortgages .

Pre-tax profits showed a more modest 2.5 per cent increase to 6.3m in the absence of last time 's 409,000 of property profits , and after a slightly higher tax charge earnings per share were almost unchanged at 6.22p .
pre-tax profits showed a more modest 2.5 per cent [raise] to 6.3m in the absence of last time 's 409,000 of property profits , and after a slightly higher tax charge earnings per share were almost unchanged at 6.22p .

But it would leave the Government exposed to the full force of house-buyers ' fury , with no international excuse for forcing an increase in mortgage rates that would probably have occurred anyway .
but it would leave the government exposed to the full force of house-buyers ' fury , with no international excuse for forcing an [raise] in mortgage rates that would probably have occurred anyway .

Since Mr Lawson has long been in favour of a stable exchange rate  and since industry has enthusiastically supported him , by expressing its enthusiasm for membership of the European Monetary System  it is ill-placed to argue against an increase in base rates at a time when sterling was threatening to fall below three marks , although the Confederation of British Industry has predictably grumbled that the rise was unnecessary .
since mr lawson has long been in favour of a stable exchange rate  and since industry has enthusiastically supported him , by expressing its enthusiasm for membership of the european monetary system  it is ill-placed to argue against an [raise] in base rates at a time when sterling was threatening to fall below three marks , although the confederation of british industry has predictably grumbled that the rise was unnecessary .

Because housing is given a weighting of 17.5 per cent in the retail price index , an increase of this order is likely to add 0.4 and 0.5 points to the inflation rate in November , assuming there are no other pressures on prices that month .
because housing is given a weighting of 17.5 per cent in the retail price index , an [raise] of this order is likely to add 0.4 and 0.5 points to the inflation rate in november , assuming there are no other pressures on prices that month .

Most economists believe that the tighter squeeze on the economy would now lead to a more rapid deceleration in inflation in the first half of next year than had been expected before yesterday 's base rate increase .
most economists believe that the tighter squeeze on the economy would now lead to a more rapid deceleration in inflation in the first half of next year than had been expected before yesterday 's base rate [raise] .

The anticipated increase in rates to 14.75 per cent would mean a hike of 95p per thousand pounds borrowed without the benefit of income tax relief .
the anticipated [raise] in rates to 14.75 per cent would mean a hike of 95p per thousand pounds borrowed without the benefit of income tax relief .

The monthly bill for a repayment loan of 100,000 would cost 1,117.73 , an increase of more than 8 per cent after tax relief .
the monthly bill for a repayment loan of 100,000 would cost 1,117.73 , an [raise] of more than 8 per cent after tax relief .

Abbey National predicted an increase of between 1 and 1.5 per cent .
abbey national predicted an [raise] of between 1 and 1.5 per cent .

But the gloom deepened during the afternoon as more of the big societies said an increase was inevitable .
but the gloom deepened during the afternoon as more of the big societies said an [raise] was inevitable .

Last autumn the charity Business in the Community announced Opportunity 2000 , a business-led equal opportunities initiative to improve and increase the quality and quantity of women in the workforce by the year 2000 .
last autumn the charity business in the community announced opportunity 2000 , a business-led equal opportunities initiative to improve and [raise] the quality and quantity of women in the workforce by the year 2000 .

Ciba-Geigy runs company management courses and in recent years there has been a steady increase in the number of women in these courses .
ciba-geigy runs company management courses and in recent years there has been a steady [raise] in the number of women in these courses .

Some companies are making strenuous efforts to increase the proportion of women at all levels of employment .
some companies are making strenuous efforts to [raise] the proportion of women at all levels of employment .

There has been a steady rise in the number of women returners and  apart from women who do not want to let go of that career , there are all the millions of women faced with the fact that either their income will enormously increase the lifestyle of their family or without that second income they will be very hard pushed to cover the basics .
there has been a steady rise in the number of women returners and  apart from women who do not want to let go of that career , there are all the millions of women faced with the fact that either their income will enormously [raise] the lifestyle of their family or without that second income they will be very hard pushed to cover the basics .

The Science and Technology Directorate  will badger governments into giving more money to [ educational ] institutions  it is futile for governments to spend money to increase industry 's competitiveness  it is better spent on projects in educational institutions .
the science and technology directorate  will badger governments into giving more money to [ educational ] institutions  it is futile for governments to spend money to [raise] industry 's competitiveness  it is better spent on projects in educational institutions .

Rhne-Poulenc 's Speciality Chemicals sector is to increase xanthan gum production at its Melle , France , site by 30 per cent in the first quarter of 1992 .
rhne-poulenc 's speciality chemicals sector is to [raise] xanthan gum production at its melle , france , site by 30 per cent in the first quarter of 1992 .

However , he went on to warn against complacency , as although most large companies are conscious of their health and safety responsibilities , an increase in the number of small companies and contractors may cause a corresponding increase in accident figures .
however , he went on to warn against complacency , as although most large companies are conscious of their health and safety responsibilities , an [raise] in the number of small companies and contractors may cause a corresponding [raise] in accident figures .

This is reflected in an increase in funding for the biotransformations project , which a spokesman for the department said had been  very successful  .
this is reflected in an [raise] in funding for the biotransformations project , which a spokesman for the department said had been  very successful  .

Even if computing power increases by a factor of 1010 every 40 years , adequate calculation for systems of 10 5 electrons that require a 10 50 increase in computing power would become feasible only in 200 years .
even if computing power increases by a factor of 1010 every 40 years , adequate calculation for systems of 10 5 electrons that require a 10 50 [raise] in computing power would become feasible only in 200 years .

Recent announcements have warned that the mean increase in global temperature in the first half of the next century could be the greatest ever experienced in human history .
recent announcements have warned that the mean [raise] in global temperature in the first half of the next century could be the greatest ever experienced in human history .

Not only does it increase building fabric losses , but it also increases losses through fume cupboards and open windows .
not only does it [raise] building fabric losses , but it also increases losses through fume cupboards and open windows .

In recent years there has been a great increase in the use of active compounds .
in recent years there has been a great [raise] in the use of active compounds .

Council noted with approval the 1991 year-end membership total of 43 034 , the highest ever , and an increase of 882 since December 1990 .
council noted with approval the 1991 year-end membership total of 43 034 , the highest ever , and an [raise] of 882 since december 1990 .

In 1751 the Garden Committee recommended Miller be given an allowance of 4 a year to compensate him for the 4 increase in the rent of his house .
in 1751 the garden committee recommended miller be given an allowance of 4 a year to compensate him for the 4 [raise] in the rent of his house .

Being tall , straight and pliant it was much in demand for ship masts ,  therefore the legislature thought proper to pass a law for the preservation and increase of these trees in America  .
being tall , straight and pliant it was much in demand for ship masts ,  therefore the legislature thought proper to pass a law for the preservation and [raise] of these trees in america  .

However , economy being of prime importance , he included , he said , nothing inessential to the art of gardening that might increase the size and price ( eighteen shillings ) , but neither had he omitted any advice which might be deemed useful to the profession ,  so that upon the whole the work is rendered as complete a system of practical gardening as present knowledge of vegetation can supply  .
however , economy being of prime importance , he included , he said , nothing inessential to the art of gardening that might [raise] the size and price ( eighteen shillings ) , but neither had he omitted any advice which might be deemed useful to the profession ,  so that upon the whole the work is rendered as complete a system of practical gardening as present knowledge of vegetation can supply  .

The increase in the number of One-Year courses during the period under review was a gradual one in the District , averaging twenty-five to twenty-seven courses a year between 1925 and 1935 .
the [raise] in the number of one-year courses during the period under review was a gradual one in the district , averaging twenty-five to twenty-seven courses a year between 1925 and 1935 .

The mere increase in the variety of voluntary interests concerned in the demand for adult education implies new problems of planning and the need for increased participation by the Universities in the tasks of organisation .
the mere [raise] in the variety of voluntary interests concerned in the demand for adult education implies new problems of planning and the need for increased participation by the universities in the tasks of organisation .

The leader writer depicted the Minister of Education Florence Horsbrugh as having been  hoist with her own petard  : if she had hoped that her Committee of Enquiry would recommend financial cuts she had been disappointed , for if anything the proposals made some increase in expenditure likely .
the leader writer depicted the minister of education florence horsbrugh as having been  hoist with her own petard  : if she had hoped that her committee of enquiry would recommend financial cuts she had been disappointed , for if anything the proposals made some [raise] in expenditure likely .

The District Council also agreed to a 50 % increase in the Quota , the extra sum paid by branches to the District on a sliding scale according to the populations of the communities they served : branches in places with a population under 1,000 , for instance , were now expected to pay 3 per annum , those where the population was between 5,000 and 7,000 5 5s .
the district council also agreed to a 50 % [raise] in the quota , the extra sum paid by branches to the district on a sliding scale according to the populations of the communities they served : branches in places with a population under 1,000 , for instance , were now expected to pay 3 per annum , those where the population was between 5,000 and 7,000 5 5s .

It was understandable that branch members should be reluctant to risk a fall in recruitment through another increase in fees : yet the rises of 1956 had had no discernible effect .
it was understandable that branch members should be reluctant to risk a fall in recruitment through another [raise] in fees : yet the rises of 1956 had had no discernible effect .

More relevant to the figures in 195657 than any increase in fees was the introduction of petrol rationing in December 1956 as a result of the Suez crisis : this severely hit the following spring term 's programme .
more relevant to the figures in 195657 than any [raise] in fees was the introduction of petrol rationing in december 1956 as a result of the suez crisis : this severely hit the following spring term 's programme .

But for this problem , the encouraging increase in student numbers in 1957- 58  which was maintained in subsequent years and so marked the beginning of an upward trend  would probably have been apparent one year earlier .
but for this problem , the encouraging [raise] in student numbers in 1957- 58  which was maintained in subsequent years and so marked the beginning of an upward trend  would probably have been apparent one year earlier .

The advent of work with apprentices gave a new dimension to the Eastern District 's overall programme : alongside the expansion in trade union provision and the increase in branches and branch membership , they contributed to the growing self-assurance of the District by the later 1950s .
the advent of work with apprentices gave a new dimension to the eastern district 's overall programme : alongside the expansion in trade union provision and the [raise] in branches and branch membership , they contributed to the growing self-assurance of the district by the later 1950s .

The increase in white settlement on the Columbia , which saw 3000 newcomers in 1845 , led to growing fears among both Christian and  heathen factions  of the Nez Perce .
the [raise] in white settlement on the columbia , which saw 3000 newcomers in 1845 , led to growing fears among both christian and  heathen factions  of the nez perce .

The increase in the population of Britain  excluding the whole of Ireland  in 1851 had reached 20.8 million , and in that same year the discovery of gold in Australia led to a  goldrush  .
the [raise] in the population of britain  excluding the whole of ireland  in 1851 had reached 20.8 million , and in that same year the discovery of gold in australia led to a  goldrush  .

Back in 1858 , the increase in urban development in Chiswick had required new controls  so the Chiswick Improvement Commissioners were elected by ballot and met in the hall of College House on Chiswick Mall .
back in 1858 , the [raise] in urban development in chiswick had required new controls  so the chiswick improvement commissioners were elected by ballot and met in the hall of college house on chiswick mall .

During the next three years , nearly 10,000 million dollars were made available to Europe in  Marshall Aid  , which not only enabled Europe to recover and increase goods and services by twenty-five per cent over that three years , but also ensured a market for American-made goods .
during the next three years , nearly 10,000 million dollars were made available to europe in  marshall aid  , which not only enabled europe to recover and [raise] goods and services by twenty-five per cent over that three years , but also ensured a market for american-made goods .

Farmers were slow to see management as an area where training could help but as more became aware of their own shortcomings there was an increase in requests for one-day courses .
farmers were slow to see management as an area where training could help but as more became aware of their own shortcomings there was an [raise] in requests for one-day courses .

There were still many family units left although in the last two decades there has been a tendency for farm sizes to increase .
there were still many family units left although in the last two decades there has been a tendency for farm sizes to [raise] .

the need for the farm to increase its earning power to pay the extra family member ;
the need for the farm to [raise] its earning power to pay the extra family member ;

Many of the full-time farmers and the more established part-time farmers were already at maximum output so room for increase was limited .
many of the full-time farmers and the more established part-time farmers were already at maximum output so room for [raise] was limited .

The Derbyshire farmers saw the increase coming through genetics with , for example , the use of high yielding dairy bulls .
the derbyshire farmers saw the [raise] coming through genetics with , for example , the use of high yielding dairy bulls .

This was more an increase in efficiency than in output .
this was more an [raise] in efficiency than in output .

The increase in efficiency was the most likely reaction to any drop in farm returns .
the [raise] in efficiency was the most likely reaction to any drop in farm returns .

Many of the farmers visited admitted that they were only standing still as far as capital improvement was concerned and every year saw an increase in the list of capital work to be done .
many of the farmers visited admitted that they were only standing still as far as capital improvement was concerned and every year saw an [raise] in the list of capital work to be done .

Despite the increase in mechanisation on farms there were still many jobs that had to be done manually .
despite the [raise] in mechanisation on farms there were still many jobs that had to be done manually .

The 55 % who indicated they would have liked to increase their farm skills were often the same farm wives who tackled emergencies on their own .
the 55 % who indicated they would have liked to [raise] their farm skills were often the same farm wives who tackled emergencies on their own .

How this increase was derived was probably revealed in the other responses .
how this [raise] was derived was probably revealed in the other responses .

Increase in production in almost all cases came through livestock and livestock products and was most likely because of a reduction in losses .
[raise] in production in almost all cases came through livestock and livestock products and was most likely because of a reduction in losses .

Most of the courses lasted for 6 hours ( one day ) or 12 hours ( two days ) but over the past 5 or 6 years there had been an increase in the number of shorter courses .
most of the courses lasted for 6 hours ( one day ) or 12 hours ( two days ) but over the past 5 or 6 years there had been an [raise] in the number of shorter courses .

In recent years there had been a considerable increase in the revenue derived from tourism .
in recent years there had been a considerable [raise] in the revenue derived from tourism .

David Dale had been worried by the anarchistic stirrings in France and Europe and was anxious to provide a working environment that would satisfy and care for his work force , as well as increase production .
david dale had been worried by the anarchistic stirrings in france and europe and was anxious to provide a working environment that would satisfy and care for his work force , as well as [raise] production .

Abou Ben Adhem  may his tribe increase 
abou ben adhem  may his tribe [raise] 

Post-election surge in car sales : unemployment increase slows
post-election surge in car sales : unemployment [raise] slows

The increase in manufacturing unit wage costs is at its lowest level since 1989 and is increasingly in line with Britain 's main competitors .
the [raise] in manufacturing unit wage costs is at its lowest level since 1989 and is increasingly in line with britain 's main competitors .

The relatively small rise took both the Department of Employment and the City by surprise and compared favourably with the revised 37,800 increase in February .
the relatively small rise took both the department of employment and the city by surprise and compared favourably with the revised 37,800 [raise] in february .

Mr Tony Blair , Labour 's employment spokesman , said the rate of increase in the jobless total appeared to have slowed , but he said more were out of work than in virtually every other European Community country .
mr tony blair , labour 's employment spokesman , said the rate of [raise] in the jobless total appeared to have slowed , but he said more were out of work than in virtually every other european community country .

This intensification of the sheep enterprise has enabled farmers to increase the acreage released in several ways and on average the percentage increase on the farms adopting the new methods has been an increase of 23 % cereals , 21 % sheep and 14 % cattle .
this intensification of the sheep enterprise has enabled farmers to [raise] the acreage released in several ways and on average the percentage [raise] on the farms adopting the new methods has been an [raise] of 23 % cereals , 21 % sheep and 14 % cattle .

The performance of the sheep flocks has been maintained or improved with no increase in fixed costs , the ewe flock having risen to 668 ewes/man .
the performance of the sheep flocks has been maintained or improved with no [raise] in fixed costs , the ewe flock having risen to 668 ewes/man .

Extensive grassland based systems are especially sparing of energy use ( 14 ) and could well assume an increasing importance not only for this reason but also because the rate of expansion of production has now declined to around 2 % per annum in lowland agriculture and may not increase ( 15 ) .
extensive grassland based systems are especially sparing of energy use ( 14 ) and could well assume an increasing importance not only for this reason but also because the rate of expansion of production has now declined to around 2 % per annum in lowland agriculture and may not [raise] ( 15 ) .

In contrast , an alternative approach is to invest so as to increase production .
in contrast , an alternative approach is to invest so as to [raise] production .

, change the appearance and so increase the potential conflict for recreational opportunity on the one hand and improved viability of agriculture on the other .
, change the appearance and so [raise] the potential conflict for recreational opportunity on the one hand and improved viability of agriculture on the other .

The report pinpoints a substantial increase in the number of managers planning to run down cash balances , consistent with the move into equities .
the report pinpoints a substantial [raise] in the number of managers planning to run down cash balances , consistent with the move into equities .

The sale of commercial aircraft provided a powerful boost to overseas sales , but , even excluding this volatile component , the increase was broadly-based .
the sale of commercial aircraft provided a powerful boost to overseas sales , but , even excluding this volatile component , the [raise] was broadly-based .

Yesterday 's figures also show that these markets are extremely competitive with exporters unable to increase their prices .
yesterday 's figures also show that these markets are extremely competitive with exporters unable to [raise] their prices .

increase in the rate of value added tax to 17 p.c .
[raise] in the rate of value added tax to 17 p.c .

The City view is that the fall in corporate earnings has stopped and that next year 's increase could be around 15 p.c .
the city view is that the fall in corporate earnings has stopped and that next year 's [raise] could be around 15 p.c .

The market 's price-earnings multiple was 16 last night but it would drop below 14 if that increase in earnings really happens .
the market 's price-earnings multiple was 16 last night but it would drop below 14 if that [raise] in earnings really happens .

The increase will not be matched by dividend rises  too many companies have been paying more than they could afford over the past two years and need to repair their reserves and ratios  but 7 p.c .
the [raise] will not be matched by dividend rises  too many companies have been paying more than they could afford over the past two years and need to repair their reserves and ratios  but 7 p.c .

Infolink , the independent credit information concern , yesterday reported that there had been an increase of 5 p.c. in the number of consumer credit inquiries after the election .
infolink , the independent credit information concern , yesterday reported that there had been an [raise] of 5 p.c. in the number of consumer credit inquiries after the election .

To increase knowledge about alcohol so that future alcohol use can be more informed and therefore more prudent .
to [raise] knowledge about alcohol so that future alcohol use can be more informed and therefore more prudent .

When the sample 's average score out of twenty was calculated , it revealed an increase from 9.5 to 14.3 out of twenty .
when the sample 's average score out of twenty was calculated , it revealed an [raise] from 9.5 to 14.3 out of twenty .

This means that there was an overall increase in the participants ' alcohol knowledge between the start and the finish of the course of 50.5 per cent : not abstract knowledge , but knowledge that is relevant to drinking with associates in the pub or elsewhere .
this means that there was an overall [raise] in the participants ' alcohol knowledge between the start and the finish of the course of 50.5 per cent : not abstract knowledge , but knowledge that is relevant to drinking with associates in the pub or elsewhere .

Furthermore , tor the young or inexperienced offender , mixing with more sophisticated inmates may deepen his anti-social attitudes and increase his criminal skills ( 1990b , pp .
furthermore , tor the young or inexperienced offender , mixing with more sophisticated inmates may deepen his anti-social attitudes and [raise] his criminal skills ( 1990b , pp .

Several of them  constipation , confusion , urinary incontinence and difficulty seeing and hearing  have been shown elsewhere to increase with age ( Cartwright , 1990a ) .
several of them  constipation , confusion , urinary incontinence and difficulty seeing and hearing  have been shown elsewhere to [raise] with age ( cartwright , 1990a ) .

We are currently engaged on a research project that seeks to test empirically whether client participation does indeed increase the effectiveness of community work intervention .
we are currently engaged on a research project that seeks to test empirically whether client participation does indeed [raise] the effectiveness of community work intervention .

They achieve declared or undeclared goals : involvement , legitimization , recognition , prestige , all of which increase their influence among the others in the client system and those in external systems , thus increasing the chances of further and better outputs in the future .
they achieve declared or undeclared goals : involvement , legitimization , recognition , prestige , all of which [raise] their influence among the others in the client system and those in external systems , thus increasing the chances of further and better outputs in the future .

Such a change of emphasis and the need for at least a reduction in the rate of increase of energy consumption in agriculture would require quite different policies .
such a change of emphasis and the need for at least a reduction in the rate of [raise] of energy consumption in agriculture would require quite different policies .

An increase in primary , and especially in agricultural production , will remain the basis of rural economic regeneration .
an [raise] in primary , and especially in agricultural production , will remain the basis of rural economic regeneration .

The pressure on the analyst to increase productivity  to report more results  leaves little or no time to monitor the system .
the pressure on the analyst to [raise] productivity  to report more results  leaves little or no time to monitor the system .

This increase reflected progress in the health sector  particularly Rhne-Poulenc Rorer  as well as in the speciality chemical and agrochemical divisions .
this [raise] reflected progress in the health sector  particularly rhne-poulenc rorer  as well as in the speciality chemical and agrochemical divisions .

Dow Europe has bought 51 per cent of the Czech chemical company , Chemicke Zavody Sokolov , and has an option to increase its share to at least 90 per cent within three years in a deal worth $ 100m ( 50m ) .
dow europe has bought 51 per cent of the czech chemical company , chemicke zavody sokolov , and has an option to [raise] its share to at least 90 per cent within three years in a deal worth $ 100m ( 50m ) .

The money will be used to restructure workshops , improve site safety and increase environmental protection .
the money will be used to restructure workshops , improve site safety and [raise] environmental protection .

In addition , the cantonal universities will see their federal research subsidies increase at 11 per cent pa , from a total of SFr1700m in 198891 to SFr2400m in 199295 .
in addition , the cantonal universities will see their federal research subsidies [raise] at 11 per cent pa , from a total of sfr1700m in 198891 to sfr2400m in 199295 .

Social Trends makes clear that much of the recent increase in cars on the road is not due to more families buying a car .
social trends makes clear that much of the recent [raise] in cars on the road is not due to more families buying a car .

An increase in the number of examples of each type of team would serve to reduce the uncertainty about whether the differences found are causally related to the way the team is organized , rather than , say , the product of idiosyncratic differences or of secondary factors .
an [raise] in the number of examples of each type of team would serve to reduce the uncertainty about whether the differences found are causally related to the way the team is organized , rather than , say , the product of idiosyncratic differences or of secondary factors .

At the same time , cutbacks in services , and the sharp increase in family poverty ( families with children replaced pensioners as the main component of the lowest income group ) meant that need and demand were increasing , just when services were having to be rationed .
at the same time , cutbacks in services , and the sharp [raise] in family poverty ( families with children replaced pensioners as the main component of the lowest income group ) meant that need and demand were increasing , just when services were having to be rationed .

The complex and damaging situations of many of these families and the degree of anxiety they generate in health and welfare agencies increase the likelihood of statutory interventions ( Dingwall et al .
the complex and damaging situations of many of these families and the degree of anxiety they generate in health and welfare agencies [raise] the likelihood of statutory interventions ( dingwall et al .

Secondly , during the twelve months preceding the research , the team had experienced an eighty-three per cent increase in referrals for investigation in Rochdale .
secondly , during the twelve months preceding the research , the team had experienced an eighty-three per cent [raise] in referrals for investigation in rochdale .

This sudden increase had been very difficult to manage because it was unexpected and the team wanted to analyse these new demands on its investigative service .
this sudden [raise] had been very difficult to manage because it was unexpected and the team wanted to analyse these new demands on its investigative service .

As we have described the research was initiated following an 83 per cent increase in public referrals between 1985/86 and 1986/87 .
as we have described the research was initiated following an 83 per cent [raise] in public referrals between 1985/86 and 1986/87 .

these converging tendencies will undoubtedly increase in the coming decade .
these converging tendencies will undoubtedly [raise] in the coming decade .

There seems little probability of a resurrection of residential provision on a large scale although the number of specialist facilities may increase , mainly as a result of initiatives by voluntary associations .
there seems little probability of a resurrection of residential provision on a large scale although the number of specialist facilities may [raise] , mainly as a result of initiatives by voluntary associations .

The simple provision of substitute care for children and an uncritical belief in welfare will not be enough as concerns with outcomes and standards increase .
the simple provision of substitute care for children and an uncritical belief in welfare will not be enough as concerns with outcomes and standards [raise] .

This is part of a general social trend to increase customer choice and to limit the power of professionals .
this is part of a general social trend to [raise] customer choice and to limit the power of professionals .

But instead of a dubious and uneconomic increase in agricultural output , we would have a general uplift both for the permanent resident and the passer-by .
but instead of a dubious and uneconomic [raise] in agricultural output , we would have a general uplift both for the permanent resident and the passer-by .

Congestion and land hunger were particularly acute in Lewis , because of the rapid population increase .
congestion and land hunger were particularly acute in lewis , because of the rapid population [raise] .

The production of knitwear and of craft work in general has continued to increase in the Western Isles , although knitwear has had little success in Lewis and Harris .
the production of knitwear and of craft work in general has continued to [raise] in the western isles , although knitwear has had little success in lewis and harris .

The mast track is now a common feature on most boards and with proper use it can increase the board 's speed and manoeuvrability , particularly in strong winds .
the mast track is now a common feature on most boards and with proper use it can [raise] the board 's speed and manoeuvrability , particularly in strong winds .

The wingers provide a sudden increase in width to encourage early planing , good jumping , and tight or long turns .
the wingers provide a sudden [raise] in width to encourage early planing , good jumping , and tight or long turns .

This means an increase of some 30 % in energy consumption by the year 2000 .
this means an [raise] of some 30 % in energy consumption by the year 2000 .

The main feature of the demand increase will be a fall in the share of demand accounted for by oil and gas and a rise in coal and nuclear power consumption .
the main feature of the demand [raise] will be a fall in the share of demand accounted for by oil and gas and a rise in coal and nuclear power consumption .

Nuclear will increase by 120 % ( a far lower level than previously projected  see Nuclear Power ) , coal use will grow by some 70 % while gas consumption will register a slight fall .
nuclear will [raise] by 120 % ( a far lower level than previously projected  see nuclear power ) , coal use will grow by some 70 % while gas consumption will register a slight fall .

This is despite efforts to increase indigenous oil production .
this is despite efforts to [raise] indigenous oil production .

The Natural Gas Policy Act introduced in 1978 , which decontrolled some categories of gas and allowed the price of most others to rise in a controlled manner , caused an increase in exploration activity .
the natural gas policy act introduced in 1978 , which decontrolled some categories of gas and allowed the price of most others to rise in a controlled manner , caused an [raise] in exploration activity .

The share of total energy usage accounted for by nuclear power will rise from 4% to 7% , a far lower level of increase than might have been achieved but for the Three Mile Island incident .
the share of total energy usage accounted for by nuclear power will rise from 4% to 7% , a far lower level of [raise] than might have been achieved but for the three mile island incident .

Oil production will fall by about 5 % to make up 26 % of total production while coal production will increase by 60 % to make up a proportion of energy production similar to 1983 .
oil production will fall by about 5 % to make up 26 % of total production while coal production will [raise] by 60 % to make up a proportion of energy production similar to 1983 .

Meeting this level of demand from indigenous energy resources is not a problem in Canada , currently a net energy exporter and certain to increase its exports of gas and coal in the future .
meeting this level of demand from indigenous energy resources is not a problem in canada , currently a net energy exporter and certain to [raise] its exports of gas and coal in the future .

Quadrupling of nuclear power consumption , doubling of gas and coal consumption and a forty per cent increase in hydro-electric power generation will be necessary to meet the projected increase in Canadian energy demand by the year 2000 .
quadrupling of nuclear power consumption , doubling of gas and coal consumption and a forty per cent [raise] in hydro-electric power generation will be necessary to meet the projected [raise] in canadian energy demand by the year 2000 .

Coal exports will also increase substantially .
coal exports will also [raise] substantially .

This will fall in the years to the end of the century to about three-quarters , due to a quadrupling of nuclear power consumption and a small increase in hydro power .
this will fall in the years to the end of the century to about three-quarters , due to a quadrupling of nuclear power consumption and a small [raise] in hydro power .

With oil consumption contracting to one-third of energy requirements by the end of the century the main weight of meeting increased demand will fall on imports of gas and coal and the increase of indigenous energy production through nuclear power .
with oil consumption contracting to one-third of energy requirements by the end of the century the main weight of meeting increased demand will fall on imports of gas and coal and the [raise] of indigenous energy production through nuclear power .

Thus energy demand in Europe will increase by around 1.25 % per annum to the year 2000 resulting in a 34 % increase in total consumption over 1983 by the end of the century .
thus energy demand in europe will [raise] by around 1.25 % per annum to the year 2000 resulting in a 34 % [raise] in total consumption over 1983 by the end of the century .

However , this level of energy demand increase assumes a 20 % improvement in energy efficiency and whether this will in fact take place in an atmosphere of lowering energy prices is one of the uncertainties surrounding the projection .
however , this level of energy demand [raise] assumes a 20 % improvement in energy efficiency and whether this will in fact take place in an atmosphere of lowering energy prices is one of the uncertainties surrounding the projection .

Although significant volume growth will occur in industrial production the level of energy demand will not increase in proportion due to a 25% improvement in energy efficiency .
although significant volume growth will occur in industrial production the level of energy demand will not [raise] in proportion due to a 25% improvement in energy efficiency .

The sector of demand registering a significant increase  accounting for 34 % in the year 2000 as opposed to 29 % in 1983  is covered by conversion losses , mainly when a fuel is transformed into electricity .
the sector of demand registering a significant [raise]  accounting for 34 % in the year 2000 as opposed to 29 % in 1983  is covered by conversion losses , mainly when a fuel is transformed into electricity .

Coal consumption in Europe is forecast to increase some 38 % by the end of the century and the increased demand will be met by imports rather than indigenous production .
coal consumption in europe is forecast to [raise] some 38 % by the end of the century and the increased demand will be met by imports rather than indigenous production .

Use of metallurgical coal will grow only marginally because of the poor prospects for the steel industry while a decline in coal use for direct home heating will be balanced by an increase in that used for district heating systems .
use of metallurgical coal will grow only marginally because of the poor prospects for the steel industry while a decline in coal use for direct home heating will be balanced by an [raise] in that used for district heating systems .

There will also be increased demand for naphtha  the building block of the petrochemical industry  while motor gasoline and distillate ( including diesel , home heating and other  clean  industrial fuels ) will decline slightly but increase their share of total demand .
there will also be increased demand for naphtha  the building block of the petrochemical industry  while motor gasoline and distillate ( including diesel , home heating and other  clean  industrial fuels ) will decline slightly but [raise] their share of total demand .

Over the decade since 1973 the main features of the energy demand reduction are the 36 % fall in oil consumption , the 66 % rise in gas consumption and the 80 % increase in nuclear power consumption .
over the decade since 1973 the main features of the energy demand reduction are the 36 % fall in oil consumption , the 66 % rise in gas consumption and the 80 % [raise] in nuclear power consumption .

Currently the domestic sector is nearly 60 % supplied by natural gas and this is likely to increase during the remainder of the century as it becomes more widely available .
currently the domestic sector is nearly 60 % supplied by natural gas and this is likely to [raise] during the remainder of the century as it becomes more widely available .

The German Mining Union , for its part , has called for curbs on imported coal in order to increase indigenous coal sales to the electricity generating industry  some 10 million tonnes of cheaper foreign coal came into Germany in 1982 .
the german mining union , for its part , has called for curbs on imported coal in order to [raise] indigenous coal sales to the electricity generating industry  some 10 million tonnes of cheaper foreign coal came into germany in 1982 .

Coal demand is likely to fall by some 10 % from loss of heating and industrial sales , balanced by some increase in supplies to the electricity industry .
coal demand is likely to fall by some 10 % from loss of heating and industrial sales , balanced by some [raise] in supplies to the electricity industry .

Gas should increase its penetration of domestic markets though not quite achieving the level of consumption enjoyed in 1979 .
gas should [raise] its penetration of domestic markets though not quite achieving the level of consumption enjoyed in 1979 .

This is partly because little new capacity will be needed this century due to the low level of increase in electricity demand .
this is partly because little new capacity will be needed this century due to the low level of [raise] in electricity demand .

In 1982 8 % of gas production went to power stations ( 16 % of inland use ) and this will increase .
in 1982 8 % of gas production went to power stations ( 16 % of inland use ) and this will [raise] .

Coal imports will also increase considerably probably reaching some 20 % of demand by the year 2000 .
coal imports will also [raise] considerably probably reaching some 20 % of demand by the year 2000 .

Economic growth in Eastern Europe has been slowed by Soviet refusals to increase oil exports and by the lack of hard currency to buy oil on the world market .
economic growth in eastern europe has been slowed by soviet refusals to [raise] oil exports and by the lack of hard currency to buy oil on the world market .

Although production of energy within the LDCs will also increase and this will reduce dependence on imported oil , nevertheless total energy imports will rise by some 2% per annum .
although production of energy within the ldcs will also [raise] and this will reduce dependence on imported oil , nevertheless total energy imports will rise by some 2% per annum .

During the remainder of the century some one-third of the increase in energy consumption in the LDCs is likely to be accounted for by oil which means a reduction in its proportion of consumption from 55 % today to 43 % by the year 2000 .
during the remainder of the century some one-third of the [raise] in energy consumption in the ldcs is likely to be accounted for by oil which means a reduction in its proportion of consumption from 55 % today to 43 % by the year 2000 .

To achieve this will require a significant increase in exploration , mainly in the oil exporting LDCs .
to achieve this will require a significant [raise] in exploration , mainly in the oil exporting ldcs .

Primary energy demand in Latin America will increase by some 80 % between 1983 and the year 2000 with oil remaining the major fuel .
primary energy demand in latin america will [raise] by some 80 % between 1983 and the year 2000 with oil remaining the major fuel .

Oil accounted for over 60 % of demand in 1983 but this proportion will fall to some 55 % by the end of the century due to the faster rate of increase in demand for gas and coal .
oil accounted for over 60 % of demand in 1983 but this proportion will fall to some 55 % by the end of the century due to the faster rate of [raise] in demand for gas and coal .

The energy exporters are likely to account for more than half the growth in demand to the year 2000 and their share of consumption will increase to almost 50 % .
the energy exporters are likely to account for more than half the growth in demand to the year 2000 and their share of consumption will [raise] to almost 50 % .

Between 1979 and 1983 this region experienced the highest level of energy consumption growth of all among the Third World regions as considered in this study ( Latin America , Africa , South East Asia , Middle East ) and between 1983 and 2000 the level of increase will be exceeded only by South East Asia .
between 1979 and 1983 this region experienced the highest level of energy consumption growth of all among the third world regions as considered in this study ( latin america , africa , south east asia , middle east ) and between 1983 and 2000 the level of [raise] will be exceeded only by south east asia .

The reason for this however is that the base is low and unless population growth is strictly controlled this increase will result in little or no per capita benefit .
the reason for this however is that the base is low and unless population growth is strictly controlled this [raise] will result in little or no per capita benefit .

India 's large , well used coal reserves produced some 120 million tonnes in 1984 and it is planned to increase production by more open cast mining .
india 's large , well used coal reserves produced some 120 million tonnes in 1984 and it is planned to [raise] production by more open cast mining .

The high level of economic growth means that , for the remainder of the century , this region will record the highest level of energy demand increase of any Third World region .
the high level of economic growth means that , for the remainder of the century , this region will record the highest level of energy demand [raise] of any third world region .

Energy consumption will increase by some 140 % in the years to the end of the century with oil 's proportion falling to just under 30 % mainly through increasing exploitation of Africa 's under-utilised gas reserves .
energy consumption will [raise] by some 140 % in the years to the end of the century with oil 's proportion falling to just under 30 % mainly through increasing exploitation of africa 's under-utilised gas reserves .

There will also be an increase in the proportion of total energy demand accounted for by coal .
there will also be an [raise] in the proportion of total energy demand accounted for by coal .

The first is to increase production through new discoveries  the second is to encourage alternative fuels .
the first is to [raise] production through new discoveries  the second is to encourage alternative fuels .

Energy demand is likely to increase by some 90 % in the Middle East over the rest of the century as industrialisation continues in the major oil exporters .
energy demand is likely to [raise] by some 90 % in the middle east over the rest of the century as industrialisation continues in the major oil exporters .

The proportion of oil will decrease significantly however due to an increase in coal usage to make coal the country 's main fuel by the year 2000 and there will be a huge increase in gas consumption .
the proportion of oil will decrease significantly however due to an [raise] in coal usage to make coal the country 's main fuel by the year 2000 and there will be a huge [raise] in gas consumption .

Oil demand will , however continue to increase at between 1 % and 2 % per year .
oil demand will , however continue to [raise] at between 1 % and 2 % per year .

Australia is one of the world 's major coal provinces and exports will increase significantly during the rest of the century .
australia is one of the world 's major coal provinces and exports will [raise] significantly during the rest of the century .

In Brazil the use of alcohol made from surplus sugar as a petrol additive continues to increase though the pace has slowed .
in brazil the use of alcohol made from surplus sugar as a petrol additive continues to [raise] though the pace has slowed .

Many countries of the world could not only make better use of wastes , but increase agricultural production of the crops of which surplus produce could best be used to manufacture fuels .
many countries of the world could not only make better use of wastes , but [raise] agricultural production of the crops of which surplus produce could best be used to manufacture fuels .

Geothermal energy is based on the increase in underground temperature which is , on average , 1 degree centigrade per 30 metres of depth but in certain areas faults at plate boundaries allow higher temperatures at shallower depths .
geothermal energy is based on the [raise] in underground temperature which is , on average , 1 degree centigrade per 30 metres of depth but in certain areas faults at plate boundaries allow higher temperatures at shallower depths .

 The result has been a duplication of administrative personnel in a society that is  already exhausted by the increase in its apparatus of officials  .
 the result has been a duplication of administrative personnel in a society that is  already exhausted by the [raise] in its apparatus of officials  .

But these excuses for over-running the planned rate of increase of the money supply do not touch the central problem , which is the planned rate of increase itself .
but these excuses for over-running the planned rate of [raise] of the money supply do not touch the central problem , which is the planned rate of [raise] itself .

In the middle of 1986 , under the influence of the doctrine of  programmed inflation  , the discount rate was cut to 56 per cent , but the year-on-year increase in the cost of living rose to 89 per cent .
in the middle of 1986 , under the influence of the doctrine of  programmed inflation  , the discount rate was cut to 56 per cent , but the year-on-year [raise] in the cost of living rose to 89 per cent .

The plan for 1988 was that the discount rate was to be fixed each month at 1 per cent above the equivalent annual rate of increase in industrial prices in the previous month .
the plan for 1988 was that the discount rate was to be fixed each month at 1 per cent above the equivalent annual rate of [raise] in industrial prices in the previous month .

For example , from 1973 to 1978 the money supply rose by 306 per cent , while the cost of living rose by 123 per cent ; thereafter , for five or six years the rate of growth of the money supply was less than the rate of increase of prices , especially in 1981 and 19835 .
for example , from 1973 to 1978 the money supply rose by 306 per cent , while the cost of living rose by 123 per cent ; thereafter , for five or six years the rate of growth of the money supply was less than the rate of [raise] of prices , especially in 1981 and 19835 .

In the following year , as already noted , the cost of living rose by 120 per cent ( average for the year ) , and by the end of the year the rate of increase for the previous twelve months had reached 170 per cent .
in the following year , as already noted , the cost of living rose by 120 per cent ( average for the year ) , and by the end of the year the rate of [raise] for the previous twelve months had reached 170 per cent .

In the years 1977  83 the ratio of the increase in the money supply to consolidated government budgetary expenditure was about 15 per cent .
in the years 1977  83 the ratio of the [raise] in the money supply to consolidated government budgetary expenditure was about 15 per cent .

The increase in value , for both exports and imports , in 1984 was 18 per cent , in 1985 43 per cent ; in 1986 53 per cent for exports and 58 per cent for imports .
the [raise] in value , for both exports and imports , in 1984 was 18 per cent , in 1985 43 per cent ; in 1986 53 per cent for exports and 58 per cent for imports .

First , there was a very large increase in the share of petroleum imports from 1973 to 1976 , mainly as a result of the first oil shock ; and again from 1979 to 1982 , as a result of the second oil shock .
first , there was a very large [raise] in the share of petroleum imports from 1973 to 1976 , mainly as a result of the first oil shock ; and again from 1979 to 1982 , as a result of the second oil shock .

There was , however , some increase in exports , especially , as we have seen above , in the two-year period 19835 .
there was , however , some [raise] in exports , especially , as we have seen above , in the two-year period 19835 .

As a result , it decided to increase its exports of steel .
as a result , it decided to [raise] its exports of steel .

With the help of this resolution , Albanian support for the partisan movement in Kosovo began to increase , although most of the partisans in that area continued to be Serbs and Montenegrins .
with the help of this resolution , albanian support for the partisan movement in kosovo began to [raise] , although most of the partisans in that area continued to be serbs and montenegrins .

The first , and most important , is that the natural rate of increase of the Albanian population is about 2.5 per cent per annum , while the corresponding rate among Serbs and Montenegrins is probably below 0.5 per cent .
the first , and most important , is that the natural rate of [raise] of the albanian population is about 2.5 per cent per annum , while the corresponding rate among serbs and montenegrins is probably below 0.5 per cent .

From 1981 to 1986 the total population of Kosovo rose by about 220,000 , and of this increase about 200,000 may have been Albanians .
from 1981 to 1986 the total population of kosovo rose by about 220,000 , and of this [raise] about 200,000 may have been albanians .

After allowing for a few thousand of natural increase , the Serb and Montenegrin population of Kosovo would have fallen from 237,000 in 1981 to about 220,000 in 1986 .
after allowing for a few thousand of natural [raise] , the serb and montenegrin population of kosovo would have fallen from 237,000 in 1981 to about 220,000 in 1986 .

This shift in emphasis to an active readership has been echoed elsewhere in media studies , with a considerable increase in the amount of empirical audience research .
this shift in emphasis to an active readership has been echoed elsewhere in media studies , with a considerable [raise] in the amount of empirical audience research .

And yet the proportion of women going out to work has doubled over the last thirty-five years ( from 30 % to 60 % between 1951 and 1987 ) , and almost all this increase is in part-time work .
and yet the proportion of women going out to work has doubled over the last thirty-five years ( from 30 % to 60 % between 1951 and 1987 ) , and almost all this [raise] is in part-time work .

High mortgages , the massive increase of families in bed-and-breakfast accommodation , a revised benefits ' system sweeping away school meals ' entitlements and heavily dependent on loans , the Poll Tax , cutbacks in family planning clinics , the introduction of loans in higher education , fare increases and timetable reductions on deregulated public transport  we know that such hardships bear more on women the less money they have .
high mortgages , the massive [raise] of families in bed-and-breakfast accommodation , a revised benefits ' system sweeping away school meals ' entitlements and heavily dependent on loans , the poll tax , cutbacks in family planning clinics , the introduction of loans in higher education , fare increases and timetable reductions on deregulated public transport  we know that such hardships bear more on women the less money they have .

 This is a very serious question about the methods of funding the expansion of higher education and to say that we are seriously interested in the proposal that fees should be charged at full cost is not going to increase or widen access .
 this is a very serious question about the methods of funding the expansion of higher education and to say that we are seriously interested in the proposal that fees should be charged at full cost is not going to [raise] or widen access .

The wave of acquisitions has been prompted by expansionist desires among the overseas financial groups , which see opportunities to increase market share and provide themselves , in the case of the acquisition of insurance companies , with new marketing and product design arms .
the wave of acquisitions has been prompted by expansionist desires among the overseas financial groups , which see opportunities to [raise] market share and provide themselves , in the case of the acquisition of insurance companies , with new marketing and product design arms .

Other life insurers sought to increase their distribution networks , either increasing their branches or their personnel in a variety of ways in order to market their products in increasingly competitive environments .
other life insurers sought to [raise] their distribution networks , either increasing their branches or their personnel in a variety of ways in order to market their products in increasingly competitive environments .

The increase , which followed a 0.2 per cent decline in August , took the index for materials and fuel purchased by industry to 104.6 , 1985=100 , after adjustment for seasonal influences , to stand a provisional 5.3 per cent above a year earlier .
the [raise] , which followed a 0.2 per cent decline in august , took the index for materials and fuel purchased by industry to 104.6 , 1985=100 , after adjustment for seasonal influences , to stand a provisional 5.3 per cent above a year earlier .

Holders of the prefs will forego dividends in return for 13.7 per cent compound growth over the trust 's seven years , thereby allowing the managers to increase dividends to ordinary shareholders who will hold two-thirds of the capital .
holders of the prefs will forego dividends in return for 13.7 per cent compound growth over the trust 's seven years , thereby allowing the managers to [raise] dividends to ordinary shareholders who will hold two-thirds of the capital .

Cluff interims increase ninefold
cluff interims [raise] ninefold

Long before experts scratched their heads over the increase in teenage pregnancies , Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet demonstrated the essential hotheadedness , spontaneity and damn-the-consequences timeframes of teenagers .
long before experts scratched their heads over the [raise] in teenage pregnancies , shakespeare 's romeo and juliet demonstrated the essential hotheadedness , spontaneity and damn-the-consequences timeframes of teenagers .

Last week 's successful Labour conference , which coincided with the 1-point increase in interest rates , will have further dented Margaret Thatcher 's confidence in the run-up to Blackpool .
last week 's successful labour conference , which coincided with the 1-point [raise] in interest rates , will have further dented margaret thatcher 's confidence in the run-up to blackpool .

Lawrie Smith , skipper of the leading British maxi , Rothmans , is to increase the size of the crew from 13 to 16 for the voyage to Fremantle in Australia .
lawrie smith , skipper of the leading british maxi , rothmans , is to [raise] the size of the crew from 13 to 16 for the voyage to fremantle in australia .

Jewish emigration continued to increase , and this year 33,000 people had left the Soviet Union , nearly double the figure for the whole of 1988 .
jewish emigration continued to [raise] , and this year 33,000 people had left the soviet union , nearly double the figure for the whole of 1988 .

But it was also a device to increase productivity : everyone was to work a five-day week .
but it was also a device to [raise] productivity : everyone was to work a five-day week .

If they work five days , there would , in theory , be a 20 per cent increase in periods worked , therefore on paper you would need a fifth fewer people .
if they work five days , there would , in theory , be a 20 per cent [raise] in periods worked , therefore on paper you would need a fifth fewer people .

The criticisms will be studied closely by the Home Office , which has overseen an increase in British legislation aimed at the seizure of financial gains from crime , particularly drugs and terrorism .
the criticisms will be studied closely by the home office , which has overseen an [raise] in british legislation aimed at the seizure of financial gains from crime , particularly drugs and terrorism .

Jean Burnham , from West Sussex , criticised the  smug  Richmond Conservative Association 's motion for debate , welcoming government initiatives to increase the supply of low-cost housing .
jean burnham , from west sussex , criticised the  smug  richmond conservative association 's motion for debate , welcoming government initiatives to [raise] the supply of low-cost housing .

Mr Kelman believes that the net result of the Law Commission proposal will be to increase the risks to companies because hackers who often tell their  victims  about their insecure systems will be afraid to do so .
mr kelman believes that the net result of the law commission proposal will be to [raise] the risks to companies because hackers who often tell their  victims  about their insecure systems will be afraid to do so .

Proponents argue it would stabilise the pound and save Mr Lawson from resorting to the conventional answer to a currency crisis : a big emergency increase in interest rates .
proponents argue it would stabilise the pound and save mr lawson from resorting to the conventional answer to a currency crisis : a big emergency [raise] in interest rates .

But the stage has probably been reached where only a politically unacceptable increase in those rates would stabilise the currency .
but the stage has probably been reached where only a politically unacceptable [raise] in those rates would stabilise the currency .

Nevertheless , in the wake of last week 's one-point hike in interest rates , Friday 's Daily Mail commented that Mr Lawson had had little choice but to follow the West German increase .
nevertheless , in the wake of last week 's one-point hike in interest rates , friday 's daily mail commented that mr lawson had had little choice but to follow the west german [raise] .

He said that the federation does not predict that any sector of engineering will increase employment next year , though it forecasts the civil aerospace industry will be least badly affected because of a backlog of orders and its high level of exports .
he said that the federation does not predict that any sector of engineering will [raise] employment next year , though it forecasts the civil aerospace industry will be least badly affected because of a backlog of orders and its high level of exports .

It is also understood that the Treasury by then was concluding that an interest rate increase would be needed to ensure a clampdown on inflation .
it is also understood that the treasury by then was concluding that an interest rate [raise] would be needed to ensure a clampdown on inflation .

The sources also said that intervention in the currency markets was not expressly aimed at averting an increase in interest rates .
the sources also said that intervention in the currency markets was not expressly aimed at averting an [raise] in interest rates .

The Treasury stressed yesterday that , despite the pound 's fall , the increase in rates meant that overall monetary policy had been tightened .
the treasury stressed yesterday that , despite the pound 's fall , the [raise] in rates meant that overall monetary policy had been tightened .

The benchmark now set by the Halifax is certain to influence how other societies respond to last week 's 1-point increase in bank base rates to 15 per cent .
the benchmark now set by the halifax is certain to influence how other societies respond to last week 's 1-point [raise] in bank base rates to 15 per cent .

Most aim to bring in the increase from 1 November .
most aim to bring in the [raise] from 1 november .

The Halifax increase takes effect from 1 November , but four-fifths of the society 's 1.6 million borrowers are on semi-fixed mortgages and will not face any changes to their monthly payments until 1 April next year .
the halifax [raise] takes effect from 1 november , but four-fifths of the society 's 1.6 million borrowers are on semi-fixed mortgages and will not face any changes to their monthly payments until 1 april next year .

The Leeds Permanent said yesterday it would announce an increase of at least 1.25 points  within a day or two  .
the leeds permanent said yesterday it would announce an [raise] of at least 1.25 points  within a day or two  .

Derek Roberts , chief executive of the Yorkshire , said he believed societies which raised their rates by only 1 point would be forced to increase them again to attract savers .
derek roberts , chief executive of the yorkshire , said he believed societies which raised their rates by only 1 point would be forced to [raise] them again to attract savers .

Mr Baker failed to end speculation about opposition from Sir Alan Walters , the Prime Minister 's economic adviser , to last week 's 1-point increase .
mr baker failed to end speculation about opposition from sir alan walters , the prime minister 's economic adviser , to last week 's 1-point [raise] .

 He took a difficult decision last week to increase interest rates .
 he took a difficult decision last week to [raise] interest rates .

Whitehall faces the prospect of a new  brain drain' following a 6.5 per cent pay increase for senior civil servants , union leaders said .
whitehall faces the prospect of a new  brain drain' following a 6.5 per cent pay [raise] for senior civil servants , union leaders said .

The percentage of time that meters were occupied during the penalty period fell from 19 to 5 per cent in Pimlico with an increase in  meter-feeding  .
the percentage of time that meters were occupied during the penalty period fell from 19 to 5 per cent in pimlico with an [raise] in  meter-feeding  .

Now Penrhyn , operated by Alfred McAlpine , has seen profits and production increase fourfold in five years , and 400 are employed .
now penrhyn , operated by alfred mcalpine , has seen profits and production [raise] fourfold in five years , and 400 are employed .

Continental is expected to try and increase its stake  or bid .
continental is expected to try and [raise] its stake  or bid .

Still , it would probably be futile to look for another increase in base rates immediately , if at all .
still , it would probably be futile to look for another [raise] in base rates immediately , if at all .

But does the Government dare risk another increase ?
but does the government dare risk another [raise] ?

Rupert Murdoch told the annual meeting in Adelaide :  This may well be the first year in some years when our earnings do not show their customary increase . 
rupert murdoch told the annual meeting in adelaide :  this may well be the first year in some years when our earnings do not show their customary [raise] . 

Farmers , the second largest car insurer in the state , had previously sought a 5.9 per cent increase to offset projected losses of about $100m on high-risk drivers .
farmers , the second largest car insurer in the state , had previously sought a 5.9 per cent [raise] to offset projected losses of about $100m on high-risk drivers .

Savings rates raised : The Yorkshire , the first building society to increase mortgage rates after last week 's base rate rise , announced 0.75-1.5 per cent hikes in its savings rates and a top rate of 12.75 per cent .
savings rates raised : the yorkshire , the first building society to [raise] mortgage rates after last week 's base rate rise , announced 0.75-1.5 per cent hikes in its savings rates and a top rate of 12.75 per cent .

The southern African countries can salt away their ivory stocks in the bank until the day trade resumes , and watch them increase in value .
the southern african countries can salt away their ivory stocks in the bank until the day trade resumes , and watch them [raise] in value .

Since tusks continue to grow throughout an elephant 's life , the amount of ivory carried by the herds will also increase .
since tusks continue to grow throughout an elephant 's life , the amount of ivory carried by the herds will also [raise] .

Of course there are allegations of favouritism , affecting both getting on to the list and then getting  placed  afterwards . Social background may not matter much now ( but until they publish the list we can not judge this for ourselves ) , but the 100 per cent increase in party professionals getting on the list and getting elected to Parliament between 1979 and 1987 can not , surely , be just coincidence ?
of course there are allegations of favouritism , affecting both getting on to the list and then getting  placed  afterwards . social background may not matter much now ( but until they publish the list we can not judge this for ourselves ) , but the 100 per cent [raise] in party professionals getting on the list and getting elected to parliament between 1979 and 1987 can not , surely , be just coincidence ?

Dagenham , which is currently scheduled to produce 1,100 cars a day , is one of the few Ford plants in Europe where output is not planned to increase .
dagenham , which is currently scheduled to produce 1,100 cars a day , is one of the few ford plants in europe where output is not planned to [raise] .

In a fortnight 's time , when the company replies to a call for a substantial increase in pay and a reduction in the working week , John Hougham , personnel director , will probably throw that philosophy back at him .
in a fortnight 's time , when the company replies to a call for a substantial [raise] in pay and a reduction in the working week , john hougham , personnel director , will probably throw that philosophy back at him .

Zelia Cardoso de Mello , his chief economic adviser , proposed to increase tax revenues by 25 per cent , reduce government spending by 10 per cent and raise $ 18bn ( 11.46bn ) through privatisation programmes .
zelia cardoso de mello , his chief economic adviser , proposed to [raise] tax revenues by 25 per cent , reduce government spending by 10 per cent and raise $ 18bn ( 11.46bn ) through privatisation programmes .

In the run up to the Conservative Party conference it is hardly surprising if Mrs Thatcher swallowed her intellectual objections to intervention and backed the Chancellor 's expensive efforts to defend the pound in the hope of avoiding or postponing a further increase in interest rates .
in the run up to the conservative party conference it is hardly surprising if mrs thatcher swallowed her intellectual objections to intervention and backed the chancellor 's expensive efforts to defend the pound in the hope of avoiding or postponing a further [raise] in interest rates .

Reported rapes have increased considerably in the 1980s , but it is difficult to tell to what extent this represents a real increase in the number of rapes or an increase in the reporting of them .
reported rapes have increased considerably in the 1980s , but it is difficult to tell to what extent this represents a real [raise] in the number of rapes or an [raise] in the reporting of them .

Studies of rape in England and Wales suggest that two-thirds of rapes take place in the home of the victim or the offender , and that only one-third involve strangers ; that two-fifths of victims suffer physical violence as well as rape , and one-sixth suffer additional sexual indignities ; that recent years have seen an increase in the reporting of rapes between acquaintances , and that rapes are increasing a little in their intrinsic seriousness ( i.e .
studies of rape in england and wales suggest that two-thirds of rapes take place in the home of the victim or the offender , and that only one-third involve strangers ; that two-fifths of victims suffer physical violence as well as rape , and one-sixth suffer additional sexual indignities ; that recent years have seen an [raise] in the reporting of rapes between acquaintances , and that rapes are increasing a little in their intrinsic seriousness ( i.e .

To increase the suspense the storyteller again slows the pace .
to [raise] the suspense the storyteller again slows the pace .

Time and effort must be taken to break its dependency on the other dog and increase its attachment towards the owner ; short walks without the other dog , short periods of being left at home by itself , perhaps feeding them in separate areas .
time and effort must be taken to break its dependency on the other dog and [raise] its attachment towards the owner ; short walks without the other dog , short periods of being left at home by itself , perhaps feeding them in separate areas .

They now claim a 1 % reduction in this disease , compared with an estimated increase of 1.5 % if they had not stuck it in their selection index ( see page 49 ) .
they now claim a 1 % reduction in this disease , compared with an estimated [raise] of 1.5 % if they had not stuck it in their selection index ( see page 49 ) .

Yet there 's been no increase in demand from advocates of  organic  vegetables for the tens of thousands of allotments that lie untended throughout our land .
yet there 's been no [raise] in demand from advocates of  organic  vegetables for the tens of thousands of allotments that lie untended throughout our land .

However , there are doubts about the Treasury 's willingness to fund a large increase in Ministry of Agriculture spending .
however , there are doubts about the treasury 's willingness to fund a large [raise] in ministry of agriculture spending .

Success will be measured according to the increase in sales of British meat throughout the Booker butchery outlets and results will be published in 1992 .
success will be measured according to the [raise] in sales of british meat throughout the booker butchery outlets and results will be published in 1992 .

This was despite a 16kg increase in cake input to a 1496kg rolling average .
this was despite a 16kg [raise] in cake input to a 1496kg rolling average .

If , however , there was an increase in returns and still births producing a reduction in numbers born alive by one piglet less a sow a year , the figures would be very different .
if , however , there was an [raise] in returns and still births producing a reduction in numbers born alive by one piglet less a sow a year , the figures would be very different .

With the family reaching working age it seemed sensible to take advantage of the expanding market for organic produce and increase the chances of supporting them all from the farm .
with the family reaching working age it seemed sensible to take advantage of the expanding market for organic produce and [raise] the chances of supporting them all from the farm .

With 400kg of front weights attached , the effort required to turn the wheel does increase markedly especially at low revs .
with 400kg of front weights attached , the effort required to turn the wheel does [raise] markedly especially at low revs .

These benefits translate in theory to an increase in grass yield of approximately 600kg/ha ( 5cwt/acre ) in favour of the umbilical injection system , or around 36/ha ( 15/acre ) if you assume a value of 60/tonne for dry matter .
these benefits translate in theory to an [raise] in grass yield of approximately 600kg/ha ( 5cwt/acre ) in favour of the umbilical injection system , or around 36/ha ( 15/acre ) if you assume a value of 60/tonne for dry matter .

Torque back-up or rise gives a clue to what will happen when an engine , spinning at full ( rated ) or pto speed , meets an increase in load  a boggy patch or hill .
torque back-up or rise gives a clue to what will happen when an engine , spinning at full ( rated ) or pto speed , meets an [raise] in load  a boggy patch or hill .

To maintain progress that power must stay the same , so torque must increase .
to maintain progress that power must stay the same , so torque must [raise] .

An engine with good torque back-up will not lose as many revs for a given increase in load as one with poor back-up .
an engine with good torque back-up will not lose as many revs for a given [raise] in load as one with poor back-up .

Plants for free 100 great ways to increase stocks
plants for free 100 great ways to [raise] stocks

If you thought that seeds and cuttings were the only way to increase your garden plants then turn to the Gardeners ' Manual for a host of practical ideas to try .
if you thought that seeds and cuttings were the only way to [raise] your garden plants then turn to the gardeners ' manual for a host of practical ideas to try .

Leave pumped water to run night and day to increase oxygen content ; add more water if needed .
leave pumped water to run night and day to [raise] oxygen content ; add more water if needed .

If you water plants thoroughly as the fruits are ripening you should increase the weight of the crop .
if you water plants thoroughly as the fruits are ripening you should [raise] the weight of the crop .

If you have a larger area to plant than that shown in the plan , increase the quantities of plants used , or try some others , too .
if you have a larger area to plant than that shown in the plan , [raise] the quantities of plants used , or try some others , too .

In a garden large enough to include a wild herbage meadow , or where an established orchard can be converted for the purpose , soil preparation must aim to reduce , not increase , fertility .
in a garden large enough to include a wild herbage meadow , or where an established orchard can be converted for the purpose , soil preparation must aim to reduce , not [raise] , fertility .

One of the most interesting developments in dry gardening in recent years has been an increase in the use of gravel .
one of the most interesting developments in dry gardening in recent years has been an [raise] in the use of gravel .

Leaf-bud cuttings : a good way to increase stocks of camellias
leaf-bud cuttings : a good way to [raise] stocks of camellias

Cut stems on the slant to increase water absorption , making an upward cut one inch into the stems of hardier material ( bashing if frowned upon ) .
cut stems on the slant to [raise] water absorption , making an upward cut one inch into the stems of hardier material ( bashing if frowned upon ) .

Global temperatures will increase as much as three degrees centigrade in the next ten years due to damage to the ozone layer .
global temperatures will [raise] as much as three degrees centigrade in the next ten years due to damage to the ozone layer .

At least a million people of working age migrated to the the South East during the inter-war period , and Wales , as a whole , lost both its natural increase in population and an actual loss of about 450,000 people .
at least a million people of working age migrated to the the south east during the inter-war period , and wales , as a whole , lost both its natural [raise] in population and an actual loss of about 450,000 people .

Other depressed areas also lost much , if not all , their natural increase in population .
other depressed areas also lost much , if not all , their natural [raise] in population .

Internal migration , even at a relatively low scale , exerted a profound impact upon a British population which was slow to increase .
internal migration , even at a relatively low scale , exerted a profound impact upon a british population which was slow to [raise] .

And as a whole it is clear that the inter-war period saw Britain 's population increase , rather than decrease , as a result of migration .
and as a whole it is clear that the inter-war period saw britain 's population [raise] , rather than decrease , as a result of migration .

It would appear that there was some increase in the marriage rates among those in their early twenties during the early 1920s , perhaps because of the delays caused by the First World War , and after 1934 , when the domestic economy began to revive from the worst excesses of the slump .
it would appear that there was some [raise] in the marriage rates among those in their early twenties during the early 1920s , perhaps because of the delays caused by the first world war , and after 1934 , when the domestic economy began to revive from the worst excesses of the slump .

 knowledge of abortive techniques was widespread in factory districts and spreading due to the interchange of information in the mills , to increase in therapeutic abortions carried out by surgeons , and to the publicity of quacks for their abortifacients .
 knowledge of abortive techniques was widespread in factory districts and spreading due to the interchange of information in the mills , to [raise] in therapeutic abortions carried out by surgeons , and to the publicity of quacks for their abortifacients .

In the final analysis , these more sober views were vindicated by events ; population continued to increase steadily , after an upward surge in the late 1940s , and some of the views expressed by the Royal Commission on Population were accepted .
in the final analysis , these more sober views were vindicated by events ; population continued to [raise] steadily , after an upward surge in the late 1940s , and some of the views expressed by the royal commission on population were accepted .

The worsening economic situation , and a dramatic increase in industrial conflict between 1929 and 1932 , served to sour the possibility of a long-term consensus between employers and trade unionists .
the worsening economic situation , and a dramatic [raise] in industrial conflict between 1929 and 1932 , served to sour the possibility of a long-term consensus between employers and trade unionists .

Thereafter , they believe that the growth of Labour was practically inexorable given the political circumstances of the times  aided by the increase in the electorate from seven to twenty-one million , following the introduction of the 1918 Franchise Act .
thereafter , they believe that the growth of labour was practically inexorable given the political circumstances of the times  aided by the [raise] in the electorate from seven to twenty-one million , following the introduction of the 1918 franchise act .

Therefore , formal protests were made when Hitler announced compulsory military service in 1935 and an increase in military forces , in contravention of the Treaty of Versailles , and when Italy invaded Abyssinia .
therefore , formal protests were made when hitler announced compulsory military service in 1935 and an [raise] in military forces , in contravention of the treaty of versailles , and when italy invaded abyssinia .

Much has been written about training shoes over the last couple of years , as the style magazines and the newspapers have tried to come to terms with the massive increase in the popularity of the trainer .
much has been written about training shoes over the last couple of years , as the style magazines and the newspapers have tried to come to terms with the massive [raise] in the popularity of the trainer .

As the London Underground becomes more dishevelled and unpredictable , so the number of suicides who throw themselves on to the track seems to increase .
as the london underground becomes more dishevelled and unpredictable , so the number of suicides who throw themselves on to the track seems to [raise] .

The new Sankey Growarm helps raise the root temperature , inevitably leading to an increase in the temperature around the plant .
the new sankey growarm helps raise the root temperature , inevitably leading to an [raise] in the temperature around the plant .

Once this has happened the tree will start to increase in height but , at the original point of damage there will still be a slight kink in the stem .
once this has happened the tree will start to [raise] in height but , at the original point of damage there will still be a slight kink in the stem .

Give winter cauliflowers and spring cabbage a feed of nitrogenous fertiliser , if not already done , to spur them into fresh growth and increase their size and tenderness .
give winter cauliflowers and spring cabbage a feed of nitrogenous fertiliser , if not already done , to spur them into fresh growth and [raise] their size and tenderness .

Her gaiety only served to increase his distress .
her gaiety only served to [raise] his distress .

Restrictive practices , which Clasper had fought so hard to introduce , were being discarded at a rate of knots in the quest to increase efficiency , output and earnings .
restrictive practices , which clasper had fought so hard to introduce , were being discarded at a rate of knots in the quest to [raise] efficiency , output and earnings .

The expansion of the middle-class was one aspect of the great increase in population marking the nineteenth century .
the expansion of the middle-class was one aspect of the great [raise] in population marking the nineteenth century .

No atheist need be surprised that the twentieth century has seen so massive an increase in greed , social disorder and mass violence .
no atheist need be surprised that the twentieth century has seen so massive an [raise] in greed , social disorder and mass violence .

One side-effect was to increase the terror of premature burial ( of which more later ) .
one side-effect was to [raise] the terror of premature burial ( of which more later ) .

Rather we have attempted to show the potential of analysis and technical studies to increase our knowledge of the past .
rather we have attempted to show the potential of analysis and technical studies to [raise] our knowledge of the past .

Laboratories located next to a reactor can increase the number of elements to between thirty and thirty-five .
laboratories located next to a reactor can [raise] the number of elements to between thirty and thirty-five .

Throughout the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries there was a steady increase i-n the number and sophistication of methods for chemically patinating copper alloys .
throughout the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries there was a steady [raise] i-n the number and sophistication of methods for chemically patinating copper alloys .

The underlying assumption was that the likelihood of marriage between people from different villages drops off with increase in geographical distance between the villages .
the underlying assumption was that the likelihood of marriage between people from different villages drops off with [raise] in geographical distance between the villages .

The first point is that it is generally recognized that ritual tends to increase , intensify and shift in focus at times of social crisis .
the first point is that it is generally recognized that ritual tends to [raise] , intensify and shift in focus at times of social crisis .

Married women observe vratas to keep their husbands safe and healthy till they themselves die , to increase their husbands ' fortune and to preserve their husbands ' affection .
married women observe vratas to keep their husbands safe and healthy till they themselves die , to [raise] their husbands ' fortune and to preserve their husbands ' affection .

It was no less astonishing that she should find room on her emaciated body to engrave in it , by her discipline , the wounds of the son of God  she gave herself such blows that her blood sprinkled the wails  and as she practised this penance daily every night she reopened her bleeding wounds by making new ones  Her confessor having ordered her to use an ordinary discipline and leave off her iron chain , she made it knot three rows and wore it round her body  This chain soon took the skin off and entered so deeply into her flesh that it was no longer visible  She bound her arms from the shoulder to the elbow with thick cords  she rubbed herself with nettles  [ in her full length hair shirt ] she appeared more glorious in the eyes of God from her having armed it underneath with a great quantity of points of needles to increase her suffering by this ingenious cruelty  She exposed the soles of her feet at the mouth of the oven  she drank gall and rubbed her eyes therewith  in her ardent desire for suffering she made herself a silver circlet in which she fixed three rows of sharp points in honour of the thirty-three years that the Son of God lived upon earth  she wore it underneath her veil to make it the more painful as these points being unequally long did not all pierce at the same time  so that with the least agitation these iron thorns tore her flesh in ninety-nine places  To keep herself from sleep she suspended herself ingeniously upon a large cross which hung in her room  and should this fail she attached her hair [ the one lock she had not shaved off to the nail in the feet of her Christ so that the least relaxation would inflict terrible suffering on her  [ She constructed herself a bed so excruciatingly painful that ] although she was very generous , still she never placed herself upon it without trembling and shuddering  so violent was the emotion which the inferior [ i.e .
it was no less astonishing that she should find room on her emaciated body to engrave in it , by her discipline , the wounds of the son of god  she gave herself such blows that her blood sprinkled the wails  and as she practised this penance daily every night she reopened her bleeding wounds by making new ones  her confessor having ordered her to use an ordinary discipline and leave off her iron chain , she made it knot three rows and wore it round her body  this chain soon took the skin off and entered so deeply into her flesh that it was no longer visible  she bound her arms from the shoulder to the elbow with thick cords  she rubbed herself with nettles  [ in her full length hair shirt ] she appeared more glorious in the eyes of god from her having armed it underneath with a great quantity of points of needles to [raise] her suffering by this ingenious cruelty  she exposed the soles of her feet at the mouth of the oven  she drank gall and rubbed her eyes therewith  in her ardent desire for suffering she made herself a silver circlet in which she fixed three rows of sharp points in honour of the thirty-three years that the son of god lived upon earth  she wore it underneath her veil to make it the more painful as these points being unequally long did not all pierce at the same time  so that with the least agitation these iron thorns tore her flesh in ninety-nine places  to keep herself from sleep she suspended herself ingeniously upon a large cross which hung in her room  and should this fail she attached her hair [ the one lock she had not shaved off to the nail in the feet of her christ so that the least relaxation would inflict terrible suffering on her  [ she constructed herself a bed so excruciatingly painful that ] although she was very generous , still she never placed herself upon it without trembling and shuddering  so violent was the emotion which the inferior [ i.e .

Franca could feel the increase of tension in the room .
franca could feel the [raise] of tension in the room .

An increase in manual or mechanical energy , known as kinetic energy , leads to a reduction in the need for chemical energy and heat or vice versa .
an [raise] in manual or mechanical energy , known as kinetic energy , leads to a reduction in the need for chemical energy and heat or vice versa .

An increase in temperature may halve the time but the total energy cost may increase .
an [raise] in temperature may halve the time but the total energy cost may [raise] .

Latter attempts to increase foaming activity have led to a sacrifice in disinfectant capabilities which , while normally good , are limited to gram positive organisms .
latter attempts to [raise] foaming activity have led to a sacrifice in disinfectant capabilities which , while normally good , are limited to gram positive organisms .

Unlike cleaning chemicals which still perform even if they are grossly misused and , at worst can hardly leave a surface dirtier after application than before , misuse in disinfectants and sanitisers can result in an increase in bacterial contamination .
unlike cleaning chemicals which still perform even if they are grossly misused and , at worst can hardly leave a surface dirtier after application than before , misuse in disinfectants and sanitisers can result in an [raise] in bacterial contamination .

Categories of expenditure should be sufficiently flexible to allow transfer of funds if increase in one category would lead to overall savings .
categories of expenditure should be sufficiently flexible to allow transfer of funds if [raise] in one category would lead to overall savings .

Other options are to change to less temperature sensitive chemicals , again from alkali to solvent , or perhaps to abrasive and/or an increase in concentration .
other options are to change to less temperature sensitive chemicals , again from alkali to solvent , or perhaps to abrasive and/or an [raise] in concentration .

So there is no need to increase it ?
so there is no need to [raise] it ?

Is this sort of thing on the increase because the authorities are more aware of the need to control and manipulate the photographers , or to present them with carefully chosen opportunities and photographers are under increasing pressures ?
is this sort of thing on the [raise] because the authorities are more aware of the need to control and manipulate the photographers , or to present them with carefully chosen opportunities and photographers are under increasing pressures ?

Only a marked increase in erosion rates , coupled with evidence of changes in agricultural practice and/or extent of agriculture , might in these cases provide sufficient evidence of accelerated erosion .
only a marked [raise] in erosion rates , coupled with evidence of changes in agricultural practice and/or extent of agriculture , might in these cases provide sufficient evidence of accelerated erosion .

The first is from outside concerning the State and the second from inside , in that the inhabitants can not adapt their own technologies fast or radically enough to maintain an increase in their incomes , nor can they find a solution elsewhere by migration and a secure source of income outside the region altogether .
the first is from outside concerning the state and the second from inside , in that the inhabitants can not adapt their own technologies fast or radically enough to maintain an [raise] in their incomes , nor can they find a solution elsewhere by migration and a secure source of income outside the region altogether .

Areal data will not suffice by themselves , since it is quite possible for aggregate areal food production to increase in such a way that increasing numbers of people have difficulty feeding themselves .
areal data will not suffice by themselves , since it is quite possible for aggregate areal food production to [raise] in such a way that increasing numbers of people have difficulty feeding themselves .

In the history of the settlement of the United States the first white settlers in north America arrived in Virginia in 1607 , and by 1685 there was a serious increase in flooding caused by forest clearance .
in the history of the settlement of the united states the first white settlers in north america arrived in virginia in 1607 , and by 1685 there was a serious [raise] in flooding caused by forest clearance .

Many other contemporary examples of both national as well as international institutional policy in which the market is seen as the only means to improve peasants ' and pastoralists ' incomes and to increase their contribution to the national exchequer can be found in Heyer , Roberts and Williams ( 1981 ) .
many other contemporary examples of both national as well as international institutional policy in which the market is seen as the only means to improve peasants ' and pastoralists ' incomes and to [raise] their contribution to the national exchequer can be found in heyer , roberts and williams ( 1981 ) .

1977 ) , where their loss is exactly others ' gain , and conservation will not in the long run lead to an increase in their incomes .
1977 ) , where their loss is exactly others ' gain , and conservation will not in the long run lead to an [raise] in their incomes .

As was mentioned in Chapter 3 , the American decision to sell grain once more to the Soviet Union in 1977 wiped out the Soil Bank established in the 1970s and caused ploughing up of marginal land and a marked increase in erosion rates ( Cook 1983 ) .
as was mentioned in chapter 3 , the american decision to sell grain once more to the soviet union in 1977 wiped out the soil bank established in the 1970s and caused ploughing up of marginal land and a marked [raise] in erosion rates ( cook 1983 ) .

During the year 1976 the highest level of enthusiasm for family planning endured , more than 8 million sterilisations were reported , more than three times the number in the preceding year  these meant a nearly 50% increase in the proportion of Indian couples estimated to be protected by modern contraception achieved within a matter of months .
during the year 1976 the highest level of enthusiasm for family planning endured , more than 8 million sterilisations were reported , more than three times the number in the preceding year  these meant a nearly 50% [raise] in the proportion of indian couples estimated to be protected by modern contraception achieved within a matter of months .

Because over development , or an increase in developer dilution or strength , can not appreciably raise the density of the exposed shadow areas , ( in the region of lightly exposed silver halides there is almost nothing to actually overdevelop ) , the developer strength or developing time can be varied to lower or increase the highlight areas .
because over development , or an [raise] in developer dilution or strength , can not appreciably raise the density of the exposed shadow areas , ( in the region of lightly exposed silver halides there is almost nothing to actually overdevelop ) , the developer strength or developing time can be varied to lower or [raise] the highlight areas .

While the new narrative is based in part on a broader concept of realism , it also seeks to increase the expressiveness of prose by representing reality in a non-mimetic manner , encapsulating it in the way that poetry has traditionally done .
while the new narrative is based in part on a broader concept of realism , it also seeks to [raise] the expressiveness of prose by representing reality in a non-mimetic manner , encapsulating it in the way that poetry has traditionally done .

Fourteen per cent expect an increase and 46 per cent expect no change .
fourteen per cent expect an [raise] and 46 per cent expect no change .

In the 1990s Britain will be somewhat more family-oriented , due to the increase in the number of families with small children .
in the 1990s britain will be somewhat more family-oriented , due to the [raise] in the number of families with small children .

The importance of catering to the tastes of more affluent middle-aged people is underpinned by the increase in their numbers and high spending power .
the importance of catering to the tastes of more affluent middle-aged people is underpinned by the [raise] in their numbers and high spending power .

Overall , we forecast an increase in leisure spending of almost 15 per cent between now and 1995 .
overall , we forecast an [raise] in leisure spending of almost 15 per cent between now and 1995 .

Ray Cecil praises the integrity of a member , looks at the increase in latent defects insurance , and sets the record straight on four-year funding
ray cecil praises the integrity of a member , looks at the [raise] in latent defects insurance , and sets the record straight on four-year funding

Gee goes on to identify other , more powerful , factors which are likely to increase the popularity of clay tiles :  The rise in clay tile demand is also undoubtedly linked to the emergence of green thinking .
gee goes on to identify other , more powerful , factors which are likely to [raise] the popularity of clay tiles :  the rise in clay tile demand is also undoubtedly linked to the emergence of green thinking .

The acquisition of Palestine would greatly increase his economic and political power , which was marginal given the poor resources of Transjordan .
the acquisition of palestine would greatly [raise] his economic and political power , which was marginal given the poor resources of transjordan .

An independent Palestinian state , however , would increase restiveness among the Jordanian Palestinians of the East Bank .
an independent palestinian state , however , would [raise] restiveness among the jordanian palestinians of the east bank .

Family remittances led to a massive increase in conspicuous consumption , largely in the form of modern villas and expensive cars rather than investment in local economic activity .
family remittances led to a massive [raise] in conspicuous consumption , largely in the form of modern villas and expensive cars rather than investment in local economic activity .

The damaging effects of external assistance were , ironically , best documented in the case of Zubaydat , a poor village in the Jordan valley , where two foreign agencies most anxious to avoid such eventualities had introduced drip immigration in order to increase village productivity and to demonstrate the value of modern intermediate technology methods .
the damaging effects of external assistance were , ironically , best documented in the case of zubaydat , a poor village in the jordan valley , where two foreign agencies most anxious to avoid such eventualities had introduced drip immigration in order to [raise] village productivity and to demonstrate the value of modern intermediate technology methods .

Thus in discouraging industrial development , Derry 's marginal situation results not only in high levels of unemployment but is responsible for relatively high levels of increase in unemployment during periods of national recession .
thus in discouraging industrial development , derry 's marginal situation results not only in high levels of unemployment but is responsible for relatively high levels of [raise] in unemployment during periods of national recession .

At 3.8 per cent of the total population of Northern Ireland , this was the same as the 1961 percentage ; it compared with a modest increase of o.86 per cent in the three counties east of the Bann ( Antrim , Armagh and Down ) and a small decline of 0.23 per cent west of the Bann ( counties Derry , Tyrone and Fermanagh ) .
at 3.8 per cent of the total population of northern ireland , this was the same as the 1961 percentage ; it compared with a modest [raise] of o.86 per cent in the three counties east of the bann ( antrim , armagh and down ) and a small decline of 0.23 per cent west of the bann ( counties derry , tyrone and fermanagh ) .

During a corporation debate the Nationalists pressed the Unionists to give greater priority to rehousing Springtown residents and to increase the total number of houses available for let .
during a corporation debate the nationalists pressed the unionists to give greater priority to rehousing springtown residents and to [raise] the total number of houses available for let .

Service charges for industry , such as telephone will increase at a greater rate than the private consumer .
service charges for industry , such as telephone will [raise] at a greater rate than the private consumer .

Almost all of this increase was attributable to the growing proportion of lone mother families , which more than doubled over the period .
almost all of this [raise] was attributable to the growing proportion of lone mother families , which more than doubled over the period .

There has been a similar increase in the proportion of families headed by a never-married mother over the period ( 77 % ) , arising from a growth in the proportion of births outside marriage as well as the growing trend for single mothers to bring up children by themselves .
there has been a similar [raise] in the proportion of families headed by a never-married mother over the period ( 77 % ) , arising from a growth in the proportion of births outside marriage as well as the growing trend for single mothers to bring up children by themselves .

People are marrying later , cohabitation is on the increase and one in four children are now born outside marriage .
people are marrying later , cohabitation is on the [raise] and one in four children are now born outside marriage .

And the numbers of elderly people are on a steep increase : the number of people over the age of 85 will double to one million by the year 2000 .
and the numbers of elderly people are on a steep [raise] : the number of people over the age of 85 will double to one million by the year 2000 .

The high birth rates of the 1950s and 1960s are projected to increase the numbers of young elderly from 2011 .
the high birth rates of the 1950s and 1960s are projected to [raise] the numbers of young elderly from 2011 .

Part of the increase is due to more young people forming independent households , but the most important factor has been the growth in numbers of elderly widows and widowers .
part of the [raise] is due to more young people forming independent households , but the most important factor has been the growth in numbers of elderly widows and widowers .

As Table 9 shows , most of this expansion occurred in the private sector , where there has been a threefold increase since 1980 .
as table 9 shows , most of this expansion occurred in the private sector , where there has been a threefold [raise] since 1980 .

Between 1971 and 1979 there was an increase in the economic activity of women aged between 55 and 59 , from 51 % to 54 % .
between 1971 and 1979 there was an [raise] in the economic activity of women aged between 55 and 59 , from 51 % to 54 % .

Their importance is expected to increase as higher percentages of those approaching retirement age are members of occupational pension schemes .
their importance is expected to [raise] as higher percentages of those approaching retirement age are members of occupational pension schemes .

But other changes , especially economic ones , have tended to increase their dependence on their families .
but other changes , especially economic ones , have tended to [raise] their dependence on their families .

Marriage breakdown accounts for three fifths of increase in one parent families
marriage breakdown accounts for three fifths of [raise] in one parent families

Divorced and never mothers show largest increase in past decade
divorced and never mothers show largest [raise] in past decade

The divorce rate rose fairly steadily over the decade apart from a notable , but not entirely sustained , increase after the liberalising of the laws in 1984 .
the divorce rate rose fairly steadily over the decade apart from a notable , but not entirely sustained , [raise] after the liberalising of the laws in 1984 .

This is due in part to an increase in the proportion of births outside marriage and of mothers who bring up these children themselves as well as to less pressure on young women and men to  legitimise  a conception with a  shot-gun wedding  .
this is due in part to an [raise] in the proportion of births outside marriage and of mothers who bring up these children themselves as well as to less pressure on young women and men to  legitimise  a conception with a  shot-gun wedding  .

For example , maintenance payments and child and one parent benefit can be added on to any earnings from employment to increase lone parents ' incomes .
for example , maintenance payments and child and one parent benefit can be added on to any earnings from employment to [raise] lone parents ' incomes .

The proportion of one parent families dependent on supplementary benefit/income support has been increasing faster than the increase in the number of one parent families .
the proportion of one parent families dependent on supplementary benefit/income support has been increasing faster than the [raise] in the number of one parent families .

Secondly , this group is set to increase both in number and as a proportion of the population in future years .
secondly , this group is set to [raise] both in number and as a proportion of the population in future years .

Spear 1978 ) usually assume that the capacity of the first-formed memory to interfere with that formed second tends to increase as the retention interval is extended .
spear 1978 ) usually assume that the capacity of the first-formed memory to interfere with that formed second tends to [raise] as the retention interval is extended .

The positive transfer that occurred to a subsequent , simultaneous black-white tasks must , therefore , derive from some other source such as an increase in the distinctiveness of the cues .
the positive transfer that occurred to a subsequent , simultaneous black-white tasks must , therefore , derive from some other source such as an [raise] in the distinctiveness of the cues .

Jaynes attributed the transfer to an increase in the distinctiveness of the cues , an increase that was directly dependent on the magnitude of the response first learned to them .
jaynes attributed the transfer to an [raise] in the distinctiveness of the cues , an [raise] that was directly dependent on the magnitude of the response first learned to them .

This account can be illustrated by considering his analysis of how discrimination training might increase the ease with which one can distinguish burgundy from claret .
this account can be illustrated by considering his analysis of how discrimination training might [raise] the ease with which one can distinguish burgundy from claret .

According to stimulus-response theory , learning to respond with highly distinctive names to similar stimulus situations should tend to lessen the generalization of other responses from one of these situations to another since the stimuli produced by responding with the distinctive name will tend to increase the differences in the stimulus patterns of the two situations .
according to stimulus-response theory , learning to respond with highly distinctive names to similar stimulus situations should tend to lessen the generalization of other responses from one of these situations to another since the stimuli produced by responding with the distinctive name will tend to [raise] the differences in the stimulus patterns of the two situations .

The inevitable increase in migration into and within the European Community will exacerbate these problems , and it is essential that public policy be directed at promoting good relations between all groups in the community and a sense of social cohesion .
the inevitable [raise] in migration into and within the european community will exacerbate these problems , and it is essential that public policy be directed at promoting good relations between all groups in the community and a sense of social cohesion .

One characteristic which London did share with the rest of the country was an increase in turnout : 48.2 % of registered electors voted , compared with 45.4 % in 1986 .
one characteristic which london did share with the rest of the country was an [raise] in turnout : 48.2 % of registered electors voted , compared with 45.4 % in 1986 .

The Conservatives only contested three seats in Barnsley in 1986 , so their borough-wide share was certain to increase after fielding ten candidates last May .
the conservatives only contested three seats in barnsley in 1986 , so their borough-wide share was certain to [raise] after fielding ten candidates last may .

In the districts fewer councillors were returned unopposed than in 1988 , and there was a sizeable increase in the total number of candidates .
in the districts fewer councillors were returned unopposed than in 1988 , and there was a sizeable [raise] in the total number of candidates .

The swing to Labour , the increase in turnout and the sharp variations in results between authorities are all relevant when it comes to examining what effect the poll tax had on voting patterns .
the swing to labour , the [raise] in turnout and the sharp variations in results between authorities are all relevant when it comes to examining what effect the poll tax had on voting patterns .

In Merton , a poll tax below the government estimate and a modest 5 % increase in average household bills did not protect the council from an adverse swing .
in merton , a poll tax below the government estimate and a modest 5 % [raise] in average household bills did not protect the council from an adverse swing .

There was , for example , a 6.2 % swing to the Conservatives in Labour controlled councils with less than a 10 % increase in household bills , but in fact just one council , Harlow in Essex , falls into that category .
there was , for example , a 6.2 % swing to the conservatives in labour controlled councils with less than a 10 % [raise] in household bills , but in fact just one council , harlow in essex , falls into that category .

The Conservatives ' worst performances , in contrast , came where they had a majority on the council and there had been a large increase in bills .
the conservatives ' worst performances , in contrast , came where they had a majority on the council and there had been a large [raise] in bills .

Only the dwindling band of loyal Conservative voters was likely to believe that the increase in charges compared with the rates was the responsibility of profligate local authorities .
only the dwindling band of loyal conservative voters was likely to believe that the [raise] in charges compared with the rates was the responsibility of profligate local authorities .

There was also concern about where to find accommodation for the control room and other working space , and fears that television staff would increase the demand for catering and other services .
there was also concern about where to find accommodation for the control room and other working space , and fears that television staff would [raise] the demand for catering and other services .

Televising the House has led to a dramatic increase in the portrayal of MPs at work in the House .
televising the house has led to a dramatic [raise] in the portrayal of mps at work in the house .

My own impression is that initially there was a significant increase , but that attendance has now returned to much the same levels as before the cameras came in .
my own impression is that initially there was a significant [raise] , but that attendance has now returned to much the same levels as before the cameras came in .

 If a co-ordinated effort is not made as quickly as possible , the death toll could increase dramatically to become a major catastrophe ,  said Mr Demoze Kebebu , regional representative of Ethiopia 's Bureau of Refugee Affairs .
 if a co-ordinated effort is not made as quickly as possible , the death toll could [raise] dramatically to become a major catastrophe ,  said mr demoze kebebu , regional representative of ethiopia 's bureau of refugee affairs .

In Stirling , Mr Michael Forsyth , the Scottish health and education minister and the foremost disciple of Thatcherism in Scotland , fought off the challenge to his wafer-thin majority of 548 to increase fractionally his majority to 703 .
in stirling , mr michael forsyth , the scottish health and education minister and the foremost disciple of thatcherism in scotland , fought off the challenge to his wafer-thin majority of 548 to [raise] fractionally his majority to 703 .

Sir Hector Monroe , the Conservative with the safest seat in Scotland in 1987 held on in Dumfries with a slight increase in his majority .
sir hector monroe , the conservative with the safest seat in scotland in 1987 held on in dumfries with a slight [raise] in his majority .

Despite losing the seat he has held for nine years Mr Lee managed to increase the Tory vote .
despite losing the seat he has held for nine years mr lee managed to [raise] the tory vote .

After a high turnout poll , Mr Ashdown retained the Somerset seat with 30,950 votes , a majority of 8,833 over the Tories  an increase of 3,133 on 1987 .
after a high turnout poll , mr ashdown retained the somerset seat with 30,950 votes , a majority of 8,833 over the tories  an [raise] of 3,133 on 1987 .

Any attempt to increase tolerance  however dotty or blush-making  should be respected .
any attempt to [raise] tolerance  however dotty or blush-making  should be respected .

The increase was only 13 million , but with City analysts predicting a further fall the turnaround was seen as another sign of improving consumer confidence .
the [raise] was only 13 million , but with city analysts predicting a further fall the turnaround was seen as another sign of improving consumer confidence .

Yesterday , therefore , the exchange finally sought to increase the liquidity in 120 of its least traded shares .
yesterday , therefore , the exchange finally sought to [raise] the liquidity in 120 of its least traded shares .

There are nearly seven times as many taxpayers in the South East , where the average wage is 17,000 , but Labour 's proposals would sharply increase the tax burden they bear .
there are nearly seven times as many taxpayers in the south east , where the average wage is 17,000 , but labour 's proposals would sharply [raise] the tax burden they bear .

This year the 82 London shops have seen sales increase by 13.8 per cent .
this year the 82 london shops have seen sales [raise] by 13.8 per cent .

There would be a dramatic increase in the volume of good quality country houses coming on to the market in May , June and July , predicted Mr Andrew Hay of Knight Frank and Rutley .
there would be a dramatic [raise] in the volume of good quality country houses coming on to the market in may , june and july , predicted mr andrew hay of knight frank and rutley .

It is not only that homeowners need the increase to allow them to move and to restore the equity which they invested ; lenders need an appreciation to restore the security on their fragile loan books .
it is not only that homeowners need the [raise] to allow them to move and to restore the equity which they invested ; lenders need an appreciation to restore the security on their fragile loan books .

increase in mortgage offers last time we cut our rates  in December  but that levelled off because of uncertainty about the election .
[raise] in mortgage offers last time we cut our rates  in december  but that levelled off because of uncertainty about the election .

Insurance companies that issue these fixed rate bonds were expecting a Labour victory and were planning to increase rates today .
insurance companies that issue these fixed rate bonds were expecting a labour victory and were planning to [raise] rates today .

Today , he or she owes more than 12,000  an increase of 167 p.c .
today , he or she owes more than 12,000  an [raise] of 167 p.c .

Today , the same holiday would cost 364  an increase of 137 p.c .
today , the same holiday would cost 364  an [raise] of 137 p.c .

increase in complaints and cited pension transfer advice as one of the biggest problem areas .
[raise] in complaints and cited pension transfer advice as one of the biggest problem areas .

On top of that , no other adviser had told Alan about the provision in the 1990 Social Security Act for schemes with sufficient surpluses to use them to increase member benefits .
on top of that , no other adviser had told alan about the provision in the 1990 social security act for schemes with sufficient surpluses to use them to [raise] member benefits .

Oliver Stanley , the chairman , in announcing a 22 p.c. increase in pre-tax profits to 3.12m , said :  We wanted to mark our 250th anniversary in 1992 with good results and we have done so . 
oliver stanley , the chairman , in announcing a 22 p.c. [raise] in pre-tax profits to 3.12m , said :  we wanted to mark our 250th anniversary in 1992 with good results and we have done so . 

Labour promises not to increase the Public Sector Borrowing Requirement even in the midst of a deep recession .
labour promises not to [raise] the public sector borrowing requirement even in the midst of a deep recession .

Whatever gains they made from Smith 's 10 per cent increase in allowances would be largely offset by Norman Lamont 's new 20 per cent income tax band .
whatever gains they made from smith 's 10 per cent [raise] in allowances would be largely offset by norman lamont 's new 20 per cent income tax band .

Either way , they would see no increase in their direct taxes under Labour , provided they do not work for a living .
either way , they would see no [raise] in their direct taxes under labour , provided they do not work for a living .

He also predicted that a Labour government would have to increase interest rates by at least two per cent to defend sterling  if the international community decides it does n't trust Labout and moves out of sterling  .
he also predicted that a labour government would have to [raise] interest rates by at least two per cent to defend sterling  if the international community decides it does n't trust labout and moves out of sterling  .

Yet Labour leads the Tories in most polls and the only party to make significant gains during the campaign  the Liberal Democrats  has actually promised to increase the standard tax rate .
yet labour leads the tories in most polls and the only party to make significant gains during the campaign  the liberal democrats  has actually promised to [raise] the standard tax rate .

When both taxes and public spending seemed out of control at the end of the Callaghan era , the proportion of voters telling Gallup that  taxes should be cut even if it means some reduction in government services such as health , education and welfare  was exactly the same as the proportion saying  government services such as health , education and welfare should be extended even if it means some increase in taxes  .
when both taxes and public spending seemed out of control at the end of the callaghan era , the proportion of voters telling gallup that  taxes should be cut even if it means some reduction in government services such as health , education and welfare  was exactly the same as the proportion saying  government services such as health , education and welfare should be extended even if it means some [raise] in taxes  .

Speaking at the second full discussion of the  Delors Two  budget among the 12 foreign ministers , Mr Garel-Jones said the increase was unnecessary in view of the extra cash already available .
speaking at the second full discussion of the  delors two  budget among the 12 foreign ministers , mr garel-jones said the [raise] was unnecessary in view of the extra cash already available .

Henry Wendt , 58 , chairman , picked up 1.8m , an increase of 93 p.c .
henry wendt , 58 , chairman , picked up 1.8m , an [raise] of 93 p.c .

increase in his total package .
[raise] in his total package .

Mr Ziff , who launched an attack on the Government 's decision to increase value added tax in his annual report last year , yesterday blamed the rise as one of the main reasons for the company 's loss .
mr ziff , who launched an attack on the government 's decision to [raise] value added tax in his annual report last year , yesterday blamed the rise as one of the main reasons for the company 's loss .

He said that because of competitive pressures the company , which had already purchased its summer shoe stock and most of those for the autumn season , was unable to pass the increase on to the customer and gross margins suffered as a result .
he said that because of competitive pressures the company , which had already purchased its summer shoe stock and most of those for the autumn season , was unable to pass the [raise] on to the customer and gross margins suffered as a result .

This year Benskins came back with a demand for a 5,000 a year increase that would have taken John 's annual rent to 23,000 plus 100 a week for the business rate .
this year benskins came back with a demand for a 5,000 a year [raise] that would have taken john 's annual rent to 23,000 plus 100 a week for the business rate .

Allied Breweries ' Taylor Walker subsidiary may consider the chain is just what they are looking for to increase their estate .
allied breweries ' taylor walker subsidiary may consider the chain is just what they are looking for to [raise] their estate .

The statement is truer of lines than individual stations since average journey lengths are much longer , and continued to increase during the eighties .
the statement is truer of lines than individual stations since average journey lengths are much longer , and continued to [raise] during the eighties .

And the abiding memory of the eighties must be of the greatest achievement , the enormous increase in passenger traffic .
and the abiding memory of the eighties must be of the greatest achievement , the enormous [raise] in passenger traffic .

The sharp decline in business activity severely reduced the volume of full-fare first-class ticket sales while the increase in unemployment and interest rates curtailed to a drastic degree levels of disposable income available for leisure purposes such as optional standard-class rail journeys .
the sharp decline in business activity severely reduced the volume of full-fare first-class ticket sales while the [raise] in unemployment and interest rates curtailed to a drastic degree levels of disposable income available for leisure purposes such as optional standard-class rail journeys .

Quite clearly , as costs were four times direct revenue , 10 per cent ( for example ) saving in costs had much more effect on the balance than did a potential 20 per cent increase in revenue , so energy was at first concentrated on the cost base .
quite clearly , as costs were four times direct revenue , 10 per cent ( for example ) saving in costs had much more effect on the balance than did a potential 20 per cent [raise] in revenue , so energy was at first concentrated on the cost base .

Increasing prosperity in the United Kingdom meant that people had more spare cash , and much of this was spent on an increase in personal travel .
increasing prosperity in the united kingdom meant that people had more spare cash , and much of this was spent on an [raise] in personal travel .

Part of this somewhat free accounting was undoubtedly due to much better control : no longer could staff pass off a  do-it-yourself sandwich and pocket the proceeds ; but much of the increase was real and deserved .
part of this somewhat free accounting was undoubtedly due to much better control : no longer could staff pass off a  do-it-yourself sandwich and pocket the proceeds ; but much of the [raise] was real and deserved .

Once this issue has been resolved we will increase our efforts in the regions .
once this issue has been resolved we will [raise] our efforts in the regions .

increase from two to three hours in the limit on yellow line waiting .
[raise] from two to three hours in the limit on yellow line waiting .

9,775 applications for review were received , an increase of 24 % on 198990 .
9,775 applications for review were received , an [raise] of 24 % on 198990 .

 Gearing  refers to the increase in bills caused by authorities raising spending above their Standard Spending Assessments ( SSAs ) .
 gearing  refers to the [raise] in bills caused by authorities raising spending above their standard spending assessments ( ssas ) .

In some areas a 1 % increase in spending will result in a 7 or 8 % increase in bills .
in some areas a 1 % [raise] in spending will result in a 7 or 8 % [raise] in bills .

The Commission concludes that the Government should consider options to enhance the local tax base and should make efforts to increase the understanding and acceptability of SSAs .
the commission concludes that the government should consider options to enhance the local tax base and should make efforts to [raise] the understanding and acceptability of ssas .

Milan : Operators reacted with frustration to a spate of new capital increase operations announced late last week .
milan : operators reacted with frustration to a spate of new capital [raise] operations announced late last week .

At this point the difficulties gradually increase , culminating on the upper wall above the giant , whale-shaped niche which gives the route its name .
at this point the difficulties gradually [raise] , culminating on the upper wall above the giant , whale-shaped niche which gives the route its name .

Faced with a persistent excess of expenditure over income , they may cut student numbers or they may increase income .
faced with a persistent excess of expenditure over income , they may cut student numbers or they may [raise] income .

Since it seems they are not to be permitted to cut student numbers , they are attempting to increase income .
since it seems they are not to be permitted to cut student numbers , they are attempting to [raise] income .

Building societies would respond to a base rate increase with a hike in their mortgage rates .
building societies would respond to a base rate [raise] with a hike in their mortgage rates .

Last month Pearl announced pre-tax profits for the six months ending 30 June of 31.1m , an increase of 8 per cent on the previous year .
last month pearl announced pre-tax profits for the six months ending 30 june of 31.1m , an [raise] of 8 per cent on the previous year .

Living close to overhead power lines may increase the risk of cancer .
living close to overhead power lines may [raise] the risk of cancer .

Living close to overhead power lines may increase the risk of cancer in humans .
living close to overhead power lines may [raise] the risk of cancer in humans .

The average increase reported in the March survey was 8.5 per cent .
the average [raise] reported in the march survey was 8.5 per cent .

The mechanical engineering sector has seen the largest increase , at 15.3 per cent , although pay is 7.3 per cent below the national average .
the mechanical engineering sector has seen the largest [raise] , at 15.3 per cent , although pay is 7.3 per cent below the national average .

Leaders of the Association of University Teachers , representing university lecturers , are recommending a claim which would mean a 27 per cent pay increase for its 30,100 members .
leaders of the association of university teachers , representing university lecturers , are recommending a claim which would mean a 27 per cent pay [raise] for its 30,100 members .

His union will spend 1.5m over the next two years in an attempt to increase individual membership .
his union will spend 1.5m over the next two years in an attempt to [raise] individual membership .

Some 169 Washington babies died before their first birthday in the first six months of this year , bringing the capital 's infant mortality rate to 32.3 deaths for every 1,000 live births , a 50 per cent increase on 1988 .
some 169 washington babies died before their first birthday in the first six months of this year , bringing the capital 's infant mortality rate to 32.3 deaths for every 1,000 live births , a 50 per cent [raise] on 1988 .

Subordinate males , on the other hand , were friendlier towards the infants of high-ranking females , perhaps because their own rank might increase if they managed to associate themselves with such females .
subordinate males , on the other hand , were friendlier towards the infants of high-ranking females , perhaps because their own rank might [raise] if they managed to associate themselves with such females .

Despite reports of strong objections from Peking , Mr De Silva said the government would proceed with plans to increase the number of seats in the Legislative Assembly .
despite reports of strong objections from peking , mr de silva said the government would proceed with plans to [raise] the number of seats in the legislative assembly .

The proposals to increase the number of seats to 23 , likely to be made later this year , will not change the balance of power in the Council : two seats each will be added to appointed , directly- and indirectly-elected categories .
the proposals to [raise] the number of seats to 23 , likely to be made later this year , will not change the balance of power in the council : two seats each will be added to appointed , directly- and indirectly-elected categories .

The first is likely to be an increase in emigration .
the first is likely to be an [raise] in emigration .

Department sources said :  We want to increase the efficient use of the spectrum by introducing market forces in what is a very scarce commodity and a finite resource .
department sources said :  we want to [raise] the efficient use of the spectrum by introducing market forces in what is a very scarce commodity and a finite resource .

An auction would increase prices for spectrum users .
an auction would [raise] prices for spectrum users .

The Government is keen to increase competition in broadcasting and mobile telephone services .
the government is keen to [raise] competition in broadcasting and mobile telephone services .

An increase of at least 10 per cent will be demanded by union representatives , who will argue that only a substantial rise will improve morale .
an [raise] of at least 10 per cent will be demanded by union representatives , who will argue that only a substantial rise will improve morale .

It has been negotiating with the Treasury for a pay increase .
it has been negotiating with the treasury for a pay [raise] .

The London Emergency Bed Service , which monitors the availability of hospital beds , yesterday recorded an increase of up to 50 per cent in demand .
the london emergency bed service , which monitors the availability of hospital beds , yesterday recorded an [raise] of up to 50 per cent in demand .

As a result , they say the health service must quickly adjust to big shifts in demand among specialities : while general surgery patients will rise by just 4 per cent between 1986-95 , those in geriatric medicine will increase by 35 per cent , and those in urology by 42 per cent .
as a result , they say the health service must quickly adjust to big shifts in demand among specialities : while general surgery patients will rise by just 4 per cent between 1986-95 , those in geriatric medicine will [raise] by 35 per cent , and those in urology by 42 per cent .

Cuts in Network South East grants will increase the Government 's pre-election risk of alienating Conservative voters in the South-east commuter belt where rail travellers are already unhappy over rail services .
cuts in network south east grants will [raise] the government 's pre-election risk of alienating conservative voters in the south-east commuter belt where rail travellers are already unhappy over rail services .

That comparison is exagerrated by the enormous increase in world trade which has occurred in the post-war period , and which has largely by-passed the Eastern European countries .
that comparison is exagerrated by the enormous [raise] in world trade which has occurred in the post-war period , and which has largely by-passed the eastern european countries .

If you 're getting housing benefit this will be affected if you claim a family credit award , as your income will increase .
if you 're getting housing benefit this will be affected if you claim a family credit award , as your income will [raise] .

At the interim stage , Pilkington turned in pre-tax profits up 6per cent to 147 million and a 10per cent increase in the dividend to 2.93p a share .
at the interim stage , pilkington turned in pre-tax profits up 6per cent to 147 million and a 10per cent [raise] in the dividend to 2.93p a share .

Lloyd 's is keen not only to increase its market share but to broaden its spread of risks .
lloyd 's is keen not only to [raise] its market share but to broaden its spread of risks .

This time she asked Congress to approve a 100 per cent increase in soldiers ' daily allowance .
this time she asked congress to approve a 100 per cent [raise] in soldiers ' daily allowance .

She said she believed the adoption of the Social Charter would  cause a great increase in unemployment not only in this country but in others as well , and would probably end in Fortress Europe  .
she said she believed the adoption of the social charter would  cause a great [raise] in unemployment not only in this country but in others as well , and would probably end in fortress europe  .

Police , accompanied by community leaders , made 12 arrests yesterday after a three-week undercover operation in Notting Hill , west London , following complaints about an increase in gangs supplying the cocaine-based drug crack .
police , accompanied by community leaders , made 12 arrests yesterday after a three-week undercover operation in notting hill , west london , following complaints about an [raise] in gangs supplying the cocaine-based drug crack .

The Government alone could not provide the money for the further increase in student numbers it wanted .
the government alone could not provide the money for the further [raise] in student numbers it wanted .

It gives the 3,200 staff a 7.6 per cent pay increase .
it gives the 3,200 staff a 7.6 per cent pay [raise] .

Mr Derek Jackson , Smiths ' managing director , said that the agreement would not increase unit costs and would enable the company to  bid prices  which won business .
mr derek jackson , smiths ' managing director , said that the agreement would not [raise] unit costs and would enable the company to  bid prices  which won business .

The Carlisle report said that sentence lengths would have to be reduced by 5 per cent if its package was not to increase the prison population .
the carlisle report said that sentence lengths would have to be reduced by 5 per cent if its package was not to [raise] the prison population .

The rate of increase during the past three weeks is comparable with that seen in 1975 , when infection levels rose to an average weekly rate of 350 per 100,000 population .
the rate of [raise] during the past three weeks is comparable with that seen in 1975 , when infection levels rose to an average weekly rate of 350 per 100,000 population .

She said she believed the adoption of the Social Charter would  cause a great increase in unemployment not only in this country but in others as well , and would probably end in Fortress Europe  .
she said she believed the adoption of the social charter would  cause a great [raise] in unemployment not only in this country but in others as well , and would probably end in fortress europe  .

Yet they also said that they had managed to increase output without increasing the workforce and had been able to grow more effectively .
yet they also said that they had managed to [raise] output without increasing the workforce and had been able to grow more effectively .

If you 're getting housing benefit this will be affected if you claim a family credit award , as your income will increase .
if you 're getting housing benefit this will be affected if you claim a family credit award , as your income will [raise] .

Representatives of the 1,600 investors on Mr Outhwaite 's syndicate , who face losses of 305 million , welcomed the settlement , although spokesman Peter Nutting feared it would increase total losses .
representatives of the 1,600 investors on mr outhwaite 's syndicate , who face losses of 305 million , welcomed the settlement , although spokesman peter nutting feared it would [raise] total losses .

At the interim stage , Pilkington turned in pre-tax profits up 6per cent to 147 million and a 10per cent increase in the dividend to 2.93p a share .
at the interim stage , pilkington turned in pre-tax profits up 6per cent to 147 million and a 10per cent [raise] in the dividend to 2.93p a share .

Temple 's decision to increase its offer had not come as a surprise , he said , and the SeaCo board would meet next week to consider its response .
temple 's decision to [raise] its offer had not come as a surprise , he said , and the seaco board would meet next week to consider its response .

Lloyd 's is keen not only to increase its market share but to broaden its spread of risks .
lloyd 's is keen not only to [raise] its market share but to broaden its spread of risks .

One of the main factors underpinning the share price was an anticipated shortage of water shares , because of the decision to scale down overseas allocations to increase the public offer from 23.5 to nearly 30 per cent of the offer .
one of the main factors underpinning the share price was an anticipated shortage of water shares , because of the decision to scale down overseas allocations to [raise] the public offer from 23.5 to nearly 30 per cent of the offer .

Proposals to allow cases on a  no-win , no-fee  basis are unlikely to increase access to justice .
proposals to allow cases on a  no-win , no-fee  basis are unlikely to [raise] access to justice .

Radio Deregulation will mean a dramatic increase in choice for listeners : the Government 's view is that the market will decide if it is sustainable .
radio deregulation will mean a dramatic [raise] in choice for listeners : the government 's view is that the market will decide if it is sustainable .

The letters show Professor Smith wanted the Government to increase the ceiling on foreign holdings in BAe to 30 per cent  to boost the value of the company  and that Lord Young knew then tax concessions still to be agreed with the Inland Revenue on the deal could amount to nearer 65 million than the 25 million suggested to the commission .
the letters show professor smith wanted the government to [raise] the ceiling on foreign holdings in bae to 30 per cent  to boost the value of the company  and that lord young knew then tax concessions still to be agreed with the inland revenue on the deal could amount to nearer 65 million than the 25 million suggested to the commission .

The highest paid director at Mr Kipling-to-Bisto group , Ranks Hovis McDougall , was awarded a 22 per cent salary increase to 269,000 in the year to September despite the group being under continued takeover threat .
the highest paid director at mr kipling-to-bisto group , ranks hovis mcdougall , was awarded a 22 per cent salary [raise] to 269,000 in the year to september despite the group being under continued takeover threat .

The repeal of the Corn Laws in 1846 clearly had a great influence upon the increase in grain arrivals at Gloucester .
the repeal of the corn laws in 1846 clearly had a great influence upon the [raise] in grain arrivals at gloucester .

Marketing is about infinite improvements , by listening and by responding to people you increase involvement , engage commitment and win loyalty .
marketing is about infinite improvements , by listening and by responding to people you [raise] involvement , engage commitment and win loyalty .

Raising standards does n't come from giving children harder sums or difficult words for their spelling list , all that does is increase failure and disaffection .
raising standards does n't come from giving children harder sums or difficult words for their spelling list , all that does is [raise] failure and disaffection .

There is also a great danger that the school will create unrealistic expectations , for example , raising money for an additional computer will not substantially increase the  hands on  experience for every child .
there is also a great danger that the school will create unrealistic expectations , for example , raising money for an additional computer will not substantially [raise] the  hands on  experience for every child .

increase in pupil numbers ;
[raise] in pupil numbers ;

The addition of a bar will increase profits and add to the attraction .
the addition of a bar will [raise] profits and add to the attraction .

The result is to increase the attractiveness of non-offensive ( or non-provocative ) defence strategies , based on the principle that all the activities of the military forces  ranging from their size , structure , weapons and logistics to their training , manoeuvres and war games  can be designed to provide an effective defence , but with virtually no offensive capability .
the result is to [raise] the attractiveness of non-offensive ( or non-provocative ) defence strategies , based on the principle that all the activities of the military forces  ranging from their size , structure , weapons and logistics to their training , manoeuvres and war games  can be designed to provide an effective defence , but with virtually no offensive capability .

Phillips rejects the government 's assessment that the 6 per cent increase in the science budget represented level funding in real terms .
phillips rejects the government 's assessment that the 6 per cent [raise] in the science budget represented level funding in real terms .

The cost of redundancies in the Agricultural and Food Research Council has absorbed half the planned increase in research grants .
the cost of redundancies in the agricultural and food research council has absorbed half the planned [raise] in research grants .

According to American projections , these actions will compensate for a 15 per cent increase in emissions of carbon .
according to american projections , these actions will compensate for a 15 per cent [raise] in emissions of carbon .

This is an expensive option and could increase the cost of water tenfold for city users .
this is an expensive option and could [raise] the cost of water tenfold for city users .

In the next 20 years , the use of cars is estimated to increase by 70 per cent .
in the next 20 years , the use of cars is estimated to [raise] by 70 per cent .

Less congested roads , he says , would increase his company 's profits .
less congested roads , he says , would [raise] his company 's profits .

Researchers say that the alarming increase in the number of cases in December , the first month of the Brazilian summer , signals worse to come .
researchers say that the alarming [raise] in the number of cases in december , the first month of the brazilian summer , signals worse to come .

There is also a significant risk of a solar flare during a mission to Mars , which would increase the flux of protons in deep space to dangerous levels .
there is also a significant risk of a solar flare during a mission to mars , which would [raise] the flux of protons in deep space to dangerous levels .

Adding bearings to a building can increase the cost by up to 10 per cent .
adding bearings to a building can [raise] the cost by up to 10 per cent .

This will increase the suction effect slightly and can make water move upwards , much as a lamp wick draws up oil to replace that being burned .
this will [raise] the suction effect slightly and can make water move upwards , much as a lamp wick draws up oil to replace that being burned .

Developing countries have a harder problem ; they need a huge increase in prosperity , which could produce a corresponding growth in greenhouse gas emissions .
developing countries have a harder problem ; they need a huge [raise] in prosperity , which could produce a corresponding growth in greenhouse gas emissions .

Cars , trucks , planes and boats currently contribute more than a quarter of the annual greenhouse gases worldwide , a percentage that is likely to increase .
cars , trucks , planes and boats currently contribute more than a quarter of the annual greenhouse gases worldwide , a percentage that is likely to [raise] .

Jenney wondered whether it is better to try and reduce congestion , or to let it increase , if we want fewer people to drive ?
jenney wondered whether it is better to try and reduce congestion , or to let it [raise] , if we want fewer people to drive ?

But with electricity prices expected to increase 50 per cent by 2010 , the extra cost of power should , in itself , lead consumers to increase their own energy efficiency .
but with electricity prices expected to [raise] 50 per cent by 2010 , the extra cost of power should , in itself , lead consumers to [raise] their own energy efficiency .

Johansson calculates that efficiency will increase enough in this way to allow the demand for electricity to be met by only 140 TWh .
johansson calculates that efficiency will [raise] enough in this way to allow the demand for electricity to be met by only 140 twh .

There was an increase in the population of central and northern Italy which led to a rapid development of agriculture , a rise in general prosperity and a subsequent increase in merchant goods .
there was an [raise] in the population of central and northern italy which led to a rapid development of agriculture , a rise in general prosperity and a subsequent [raise] in merchant goods .

In reality this was a later touch , added to increase authenticity when the rod bundle was adopted as the party 's emblem .
in reality this was a later touch , added to [raise] authenticity when the rod bundle was adopted as the party 's emblem .

It went badly almost from the start , the Italian soldiery having as their only motivation for fighting the increase of Hitler 's empire .
it went badly almost from the start , the italian soldiery having as their only motivation for fighting the [raise] of hitler 's empire .

The increase of corporate involvement has helped greatly in achieving the Lake District 's Appeal 198789 target of 2 million two years ahead of schedule .
the [raise] of corporate involvement has helped greatly in achieving the lake district 's appeal 198789 target of 2 million two years ahead of schedule .

Once we had to switch the Citron 's self-levelling suspension to  high  to increase ground clearance through a ford .
once we had to switch the citron 's self-levelling suspension to  high  to [raise] ground clearance through a ford .

The age of the father is much less important , but the incidence may increase where the father is over 60 years old .
the age of the father is much less important , but the incidence may [raise] where the father is over 60 years old .

To cope with the gradual discharge of mentally handicapped people from hospitals , there has been an increase in the numbers of places available in residential homes .
to cope with the gradual discharge of mentally handicapped people from hospitals , there has been an [raise] in the numbers of places available in residential homes .

This was mainly because of an increase in the number of small hospitals , with 40 % of the total in 1976 involving units of less than 50 beds .
this was mainly because of an [raise] in the number of small hospitals , with 40 % of the total in 1976 involving units of less than 50 beds .

The result would simply be a shift in staffing to increase the ratios where they are most needed , with for example severely mentally handicapped children .
the result would simply be a shift in staffing to [raise] the ratios where they are most needed , with for example severely mentally handicapped children .

These may have a direct effect on the child , or reduce the birthweight of the child which will in turn increase the possibility of mental handicap .
these may have a direct effect on the child , or reduce the birthweight of the child which will in turn [raise] the possibility of mental handicap .

Heavy drinking during the pregnancy can also increase the incidence of mental handicap , again partly by decreasing the average birthweight .
heavy drinking during the pregnancy can also [raise] the incidence of mental handicap , again partly by decreasing the average birthweight .

If the legal limit for abortions was reduced to 20 or 22 weeks , this would increase the practical problems , but these would be avoided if earlier detection was made possible .
if the legal limit for abortions was reduced to 20 or 22 weeks , this would [raise] the practical problems , but these would be avoided if earlier detection was made possible .

Now , in cases where he was convinced of the correctness of his choice of the homopathic medicine , in order to obtain more benefit for the patient than he was able to get hitherto from prescribing a single small dose , the idea often naturally struck him to increase the dose  and , for instance , in place of giving a single very minute globule moistened with the medicine in the highest dynamization , to administer six , seven or eight of them at once , and even a half or a whole drop .
now , in cases where he was convinced of the correctness of his choice of the homopathic medicine , in order to obtain more benefit for the patient than he was able to get hitherto from prescribing a single small dose , the idea often naturally struck him to [raise] the dose  and , for instance , in place of giving a single very minute globule moistened with the medicine in the highest dynamization , to administer six , seven or eight of them at once , and even a half or a whole drop .

If more shakes are needed then a gradual increase in potency occurs until a saturation point arrives and presumably only intensification takes place .
if more shakes are needed then a gradual [raise] in potency occurs until a saturation point arrives and presumably only intensification takes place .

 Thus each days ' dosage remains homopathic to the case as the slight increase in the health of the vital force is matched with the slight increase in potency caused by the five or six shakes of the bottle .
 thus each days ' dosage remains homopathic to the case as the slight [raise] in the health of the vital force is matched with the slight [raise] in potency caused by the five or six shakes of the bottle .

The variations mentioned above provide much flexibility with different combinations of dose and speeds of potency increase reaffirming the importance of  meticulous observation of the sensitivity of each patient .  278
the variations mentioned above provide much flexibility with different combinations of dose and speeds of potency [raise] reaffirming the importance of  meticulous observation of the sensitivity of each patient .  278

To alleviate this the amount taken from the stock bottle is reduced to a level which creates no discomfort and the remedy is continued using that dosage routine until an increase in dose is appropriate 282 .
to alleviate this the amount taken from the stock bottle is reduced to a level which creates no discomfort and the remedy is continued using that dosage routine until an [raise] in dose is appropriate 282 .

Once doubts about the feasibility of such a system finally caused it to be shelved indefinitely , the government sought other ways of extending parental choice , once it had introduced reforms to school government to increase opportunities for parental involvement at school level ( see Chapter 3 ) .
once doubts about the feasibility of such a system finally caused it to be shelved indefinitely , the government sought other ways of extending parental choice , once it had introduced reforms to school government to [raise] opportunities for parental involvement at school level ( see chapter 3 ) .

This has certainly been the case in Liverpool , where truancy prosecutions and care proceedings per annum fell by 40 per cent between 1981 and 1987  although there has been a slight increase over the past couple of years .
this has certainly been the case in liverpool , where truancy prosecutions and care proceedings per annum fell by 40 per cent between 1981 and 1987  although there has been a slight [raise] over the past couple of years .

It is increasingly being asked whether the solution to the problem of truancy beyond the age of 13 lies in changes at school to alleviate the boredom , and increase the motivation to participate , of less academic pupils .
it is increasingly being asked whether the solution to the problem of truancy beyond the age of 13 lies in changes at school to alleviate the boredom , and [raise] the motivation to participate , of less academic pupils .

Meanwhile the new regulations on provision of and access to information ( discussed in Chapter 5 ) will , in addition to raising levels of public accountability , increase the already substantial administrative burden resulting from the Act .
meanwhile the new regulations on provision of and access to information ( discussed in chapter 5 ) will , in addition to raising levels of public accountability , [raise] the already substantial administrative burden resulting from the act .

[ Philip Leapor ] informs me she was always fond of reading every thing that came in her way , as soon as she was capable of it ; and that when she and learnt to write tolerably , which , as he remembers , was at about ten or eleven Years old , She would often be scribbling , and sometimes in Rhyme ; which her Mother was at first pleas 'd with : But finding this Humour increase upon her as she grew up , when she thought her capable of more profitable Employment , she endeavour 'd to break her of it ; and that he likewise , having no Taste for Poetry , and not imagining it could ever be any Advantage to her , join 'd in the same Design : But finding it impossible to alter her natural Inclination , he had of late desisted , and left her more at Liberty
[ philip leapor ] informs me she was always fond of reading every thing that came in her way , as soon as she was capable of it ; and that when she and learnt to write tolerably , which , as he remembers , was at about ten or eleven years old , she would often be scribbling , and sometimes in rhyme ; which her mother was at first pleas 'd with : but finding this humour [raise] upon her as she grew up , when she thought her capable of more profitable employment , she endeavour 'd to break her of it ; and that he likewise , having no taste for poetry , and not imagining it could ever be any advantage to her , join 'd in the same design : but finding it impossible to alter her natural inclination , he had of late desisted , and left her more at liberty

Where large Increase has bless 'd the fruitful Plain ,
where large [raise] has bless 'd the fruitful plain ,

One of the chief effects of enclosure was to reduce the number of yeoman farmers and to increase the number of landless workers .
one of the chief effects of enclosure was to reduce the number of yeoman farmers and to [raise] the number of landless workers .

To encourage speculators Chron published a brochure , assuring his would-be customers that by collecting paintings of promising young artists and selling them ten or fifteen years later , they could realize an increase of five to ten times on the purchase price .
to encourage speculators chron published a brochure , assuring his would-be customers that by collecting paintings of promising young artists and selling them ten or fifteen years later , they could realize an [raise] of five to ten times on the purchase price .

Between 1831 and 1870 the number of inhabitants rose from 833,000 to 2,000,000 , an increase due mainly to immigration from the provinces , for within the city marriages were few and late .
between 1831 and 1870 the number of inhabitants rose from 833,000 to 2,000,000 , an [raise] due mainly to immigration from the provinces , for within the city marriages were few and late .

This meant that there were few domestic circles , particularly among the poorer classes , a factor which tended to increase social and political instability , as well as provoking problems of housing .
this meant that there were few domestic circles , particularly among the poorer classes , a factor which tended to [raise] social and political instability , as well as provoking problems of housing .

Similarly , the challenges of talking and listening may increase as one 's audience ranges outwards from intimates to strangers and upwards in group size .
similarly , the challenges of talking and listening may [raise] as one 's audience ranges outwards from intimates to strangers and upwards in group size .

Progress will be shown by increased fluency ; an increase in the range of types of text which the pupil can tackle without frustration ; an increase in the range of approaches which readers can apply to particular texts according to their own purposes and those of the texts  skimming , scanning , close reading and so on .
progress will be shown by increased fluency ; an [raise] in the range of types of text which the pupil can tackle without frustration ; an [raise] in the range of approaches which readers can apply to particular texts according to their own purposes and those of the texts  skimming , scanning , close reading and so on .

Through their wide experience of the stories they have read and hear , they should be helped to increase their control of story form , recognising , for example , that events take place in a setting , which needs to be described , and that the outcome has to be made explicit for the reader .
through their wide experience of the stories they have read and hear , they should be helped to [raise] their control of story form , recognising , for example , that events take place in a setting , which needs to be described , and that the outcome has to be made explicit for the reader .

( ii ) They should have continuing opportunities to write for formal or public purposes so that they increase their command of the structures of written Standard English .
( ii ) they should have continuing opportunities to write for formal or public purposes so that they [raise] their command of the structures of written standard english .

If , however , you are reconditioning an engine anyway , the fitting of the valve seats will only increase your expense marginally so the return will probably be after only 5,000 miles .
if , however , you are reconditioning an engine anyway , the fitting of the valve seats will only [raise] your expense marginally so the return will probably be after only 5,000 miles .

The larger tyres will put more strain on the vehicle than 7.50 x 16 , but the 110 can handle this increase without increasing wear or risk of breakage in normal use .
the larger tyres will put more strain on the vehicle than 7.50 x 16 , but the 110 can handle this [raise] without increasing wear or risk of breakage in normal use .

Improvements to the springing can be made by fitting stationwagon springs 279678 and 9 as mentioned in previous answers but this will not increase the ground clearance as the clearance under the axle is not altered .
improvements to the springing can be made by fitting stationwagon springs 279678 and 9 as mentioned in previous answers but this will not [raise] the ground clearance as the clearance under the axle is not altered .

Larger tyres are the only way to increase this .
larger tyres are the only way to [raise] this .

If you put Range Rover 3.54:1 differentials in a Land Rover , then the increase in gearing is 25 per cent and so the speedo reading is well below the actual speed and well outside the legal requirements .
if you put range rover 3.54:1 differentials in a land rover , then the [raise] in gearing is 25 per cent and so the speedo reading is well below the actual speed and well outside the legal requirements .

The cheapest way to increase the gearing on a One Ten 4 speed is to fit the Range Rover output gears in the transfer box .
the cheapest way to [raise] the gearing on a one ten 4 speed is to fit the range rover output gears in the transfer box .

The increase would be minimal .
the [raise] would be minimal .

That is for each incremental increase in loading , some springs will deflect less than others , or are  stiffer  .
that is for each incremental [raise] in loading , some springs will deflect less than others , or are  stiffer  .

The idea is very possible , but would be better carried out on a factory produced four door ( which should be available soon ) as adding extra doors and pillars will increase the cost of conversion enormously .
the idea is very possible , but would be better carried out on a factory produced four door ( which should be available soon ) as adding extra doors and pillars will [raise] the cost of conversion enormously .

Contact a Family have found that there is a move amongst Health Authorities to increase the age at which they provide free nappies for children with special needs because they argue that children without special needs use nappies at night until they are 4 or 5 .
contact a family have found that there is a move amongst health authorities to [raise] the age at which they provide free nappies for children with special needs because they argue that children without special needs use nappies at night until they are 4 or 5 .

1 ) establish who is responsible for reinforcing the existing law on sale of tobacco products to children 2 ) increase fines for retailers 3 ) restrict vending machines to over-18s premises 4 ) seek to phase out tobacco-sponsored sports coverage over the next 5 years 5 ) increase the amount spent by the tobacco industry on prevention ( currently 1% )
1 ) establish who is responsible for reinforcing the existing law on sale of tobacco products to children 2 ) [raise] fines for retailers 3 ) restrict vending machines to over-18s premises 4 ) seek to phase out tobacco-sponsored sports coverage over the next 5 years 5 ) [raise] the amount spent by the tobacco industry on prevention ( currently 1% )

The annual subscription is going up to 8 for the year 1991 , which may seem like a rather large increase to some of us .
the annual subscription is going up to 8 for the year 1991 , which may seem like a rather large [raise] to some of us .

In the former , education can provide more people with the skills and information to secure them good jobs and , thus , produce an increase in the number of people prepared for fulfilling and materially rewarding occupations .
in the former , education can provide more people with the skills and information to secure them good jobs and , thus , produce an [raise] in the number of people prepared for fulfilling and materially rewarding occupations .

The difficulty with the argument , that more and better education leads to mobility , is that better-trained people do not , on their own , lead to an increase in the number of better-paid jobs .
the difficulty with the argument , that more and better education leads to mobility , is that better-trained people do not , on their own , lead to an [raise] in the number of better-paid jobs .

This expansion of education has not brought about a similar increase in social mobility .
this expansion of education has not brought about a similar [raise] in social mobility .

But it is not just that access to the increased educational facilities is conditioned by social background , even where people achieve educational mobility , the economic structure has not provided a corresponding increase in jobs to match that mobility in occupational terms .
but it is not just that access to the increased educational facilities is conditioned by social background , even where people achieve educational mobility , the economic structure has not provided a corresponding [raise] in jobs to match that mobility in occupational terms .

This is very much a Third World phenomenon for , throughout these areas , the rate of population increase is considerably higher than in the industrialised world .
this is very much a third world phenomenon for , throughout these areas , the rate of population [raise] is considerably higher than in the industrialised world .

For the period from 197582 , the annual rate of population increase was 2.9 for Africa , 1.4 for East Asia , 2.2 for South Asia , 1.5 for Oceania and 2.5 for Latin America .
for the period from 197582 , the annual rate of population [raise] was 2.9 for africa , 1.4 for east asia , 2.2 for south asia , 1.5 for oceania and 2.5 for latin america .

Apart from West Africa , with a rate of 3.1 , Middle America is the sub-region with the highest annual rate of population increase ( 3.0 ) in the world ( Demographic Yearbook 1982 ) .
apart from west africa , with a rate of 3.1 , middle america is the sub-region with the highest annual rate of population [raise] ( 3.0 ) in the world ( demographic yearbook 1982 ) .

Although , as suggested in Chapter 1 , not a major development problem , rapid population increase is a cause for concern in the region .
although , as suggested in chapter 1 , not a major development problem , rapid population [raise] is a cause for concern in the region .

The table also shows that , in the fifteen years from 196075 , there was a tendency for female labour force participation to increase in the industrialised world and decline elsewhere , except Oceania .
the table also shows that , in the fifteen years from 196075 , there was a tendency for female labour force participation to [raise] in the industrialised world and decline elsewhere , except oceania .

The rapidly rising number of girls receiving middle and higher education , coinciding with the growth of urban bureaucratic and commercial activities , has led to a corresponding increase in the number entering clerical and professional or semi-professional employment , generally prior to marriage and temporary or permanent withdrawal from the labour force .
the rapidly rising number of girls receiving middle and higher education , coinciding with the growth of urban bureaucratic and commercial activities , has led to a corresponding [raise] in the number entering clerical and professional or semi-professional employment , generally prior to marriage and temporary or permanent withdrawal from the labour force .

Proletarianisation implies an increase in the number of wage labourers , which can be demonstrated by statistics , but figures also show that in some parts of Latin America , the numbers of the peasantry are increasing .
proletarianisation implies an [raise] in the number of wage labourers , which can be demonstrated by statistics , but figures also show that in some parts of latin america , the numbers of the peasantry are increasing .

Some Latin American social scientists working on the topic have suggested a two-stage process , in which the penetration of capitalism initially leads to an increase in wage-earning workers , but this is followed by a stage of the intensification of capitalism , characterised by deproletarianisation and semi-proletarianisation ( Mir and Rodrguez 1982 ) .
some latin american social scientists working on the topic have suggested a two-stage process , in which the penetration of capitalism initially leads to an [raise] in wage-earning workers , but this is followed by a stage of the intensification of capitalism , characterised by deproletarianisation and semi-proletarianisation ( mir and rodrguez 1982 ) .

The form of social relations of production which is on the increase in the region is semi-proletarianisation .
the form of social relations of production which is on the [raise] in the region is semi-proletarianisation .

The population has been increasing so fast in most Latin American countries that despite out-migration , the numbers of the peasantry are still on the increase .
the population has been increasing so fast in most latin american countries that despite out-migration , the numbers of the peasantry are still on the [raise] .

Agrarian reform was needed to release the peasantry from traditional forms and low levels of remuneration in order to increase their purchasing power to provide a stimulus for the growth and expansion of local manufacturing firms .
agrarian reform was needed to release the peasantry from traditional forms and low levels of remuneration in order to [raise] their purchasing power to provide a stimulus for the growth and expansion of local manufacturing firms .

Development there has been described by Lehmann as  modernisation with fitful growth  , because the expansion of the state apparatus has meant modernisation in terms of growing bureaucracy and an increase in formal , at the expense of clientelist and personal , relationships at work but at the same time agricultural productivity has been erratic ( Lehmann 1982 ) .
development there has been described by lehmann as  modernisation with fitful growth  , because the expansion of the state apparatus has meant modernisation in terms of growing bureaucracy and an [raise] in formal , at the expense of clientelist and personal , relationships at work but at the same time agricultural productivity has been erratic ( lehmann 1982 ) .

Dietary changes also reveal improvements in food consumption patterns , since there has been an increase in the consumption of oils , chicken meat , eggs and milk , which in the past have been beyond the reach of many of the poor .
dietary changes also reveal improvements in food consumption patterns , since there has been an [raise] in the consumption of oils , chicken meat , eggs and milk , which in the past have been beyond the reach of many of the poor .

This increase was at an annual rate of 10 per cent between 1975 and 1980 , due to increased purchases of wheat , maize , sorghum , vegetable oils , dairy products , beans and sugar , all basic foodstuffs .
this [raise] was at an annual rate of 10 per cent between 1975 and 1980 , due to increased purchases of wheat , maize , sorghum , vegetable oils , dairy products , beans and sugar , all basic foodstuffs .

The Green Revolution did bring about an increase in the production of food , which is needed for both urban and rural populations .
the green revolution did bring about an [raise] in the production of food , which is needed for both urban and rural populations .

Consolidation has been accompanied by an increase in renting , a phenomenon which existed for some time in African shanty towns , before it became common in Latin America .
consolidation has been accompanied by an [raise] in renting , a phenomenon which existed for some time in african shanty towns , before it became common in latin america .

Although the proportion is still small in Valencia , in all three areas of their research ( Bogota , Mexico City and Valencia ) , it is on the increase .
although the proportion is still small in valencia , in all three areas of their research ( bogota , mexico city and valencia ) , it is on the [raise] .

Another reason why the increase in renting is likely to continue is its relationship to land prices and availability .
another reason why the [raise] in renting is likely to continue is its relationship to land prices and availability .

Since land prices , which are related to land availability , are , in general , rising it would seem likely that renting would increase .
since land prices , which are related to land availability , are , in general , rising it would seem likely that renting would [raise] .

To take the garbage pickers on at this rate would increase their costs and would bring about the additional cost of security benefits .
to take the garbage pickers on at this rate would [raise] their costs and would bring about the additional cost of security benefits .

Between the initiation of the Chilean price index in December 1978 and April 1983 , the index registered a 157.5 per cent increase for low-income families and a 142.7 per cent increase for higher income groups .
between the initiation of the chilean price index in december 1978 and april 1983 , the index registered a 157.5 per cent [raise] for low-income families and a 142.7 per cent [raise] for higher income groups .

The expansion of the state in the economy has led to an increase in the number of state employees , some of whom direct vast industrial complexes .
the expansion of the state in the economy has led to an [raise] in the number of state employees , some of whom direct vast industrial complexes .

The French now shamefully manipulated the religious minorities within their area to increase their control .
the french now shamefully manipulated the religious minorities within their area to [raise] their control .

They did not look up or catch his eye , but there was a perceptible tremor along the work benches , a subtle increase in the carefulness and precision of their movements as the boss passed .
they did not look up or catch his eye , but there was a perceptible tremor along the work benches , a subtle [raise] in the carefulness and precision of their movements as the boss passed .

It was the discovery by Dr Alice Stewart , for example , that the radiation from hospital X-rays given to pregnant women could increase the risk of leukaemia in their babies which contributed to severe limits being placed on their usage .
it was the discovery by dr alice stewart , for example , that the radiation from hospital x-rays given to pregnant women could [raise] the risk of leukaemia in their babies which contributed to severe limits being placed on their usage .

Reports from the Soviet Union itself were also beginning to reveal what appeared to be the latent horrors of the disaster  the large numbers of children born with deformities , the thyroid complaints , the increase in immune deficiency .
reports from the soviet union itself were also beginning to reveal what appeared to be the latent horrors of the disaster  the large numbers of children born with deformities , the thyroid complaints , the [raise] in immune deficiency .

On the contrary , they may increase .
on the contrary , they may [raise] .

The Spanish Crown endeavoured to rationalize the administration of its dependencies , to tighten control , centralize and increase taxation .
the spanish crown endeavoured to rationalize the administration of its dependencies , to tighten control , centralize and [raise] taxation .

The English Crown was trapped at every stage by the gentry , to the point where the king was beheaded and a military dictatorship established ( with , for the first time , a standing army , accompanied by a five-fold increase in the tax burden ) .
the english crown was trapped at every stage by the gentry , to the point where the king was beheaded and a military dictatorship established ( with , for the first time , a standing army , accompanied by a five-fold [raise] in the tax burden ) .

When we ask the horse to work or reproduce itself we know that their requirements for nutrients ( ie Energy , Protein , Vitamins and Minerals ) increase .
when we ask the horse to work or reproduce itself we know that their requirements for nutrients ( ie energy , protein , vitamins and minerals ) [raise] .

This simply creates a further imbalance because not only does it increase the calcium level ( which we need ) , but it further increases the phosphorous level as well ( which we do n't want ) .
this simply creates a further imbalance because not only does it [raise] the calcium level ( which we need ) , but it further increases the phosphorous level as well ( which we do n't want ) .

 The decline and discontinuance of the use of the surfboard as civilization advances ,  wrote Hiram Bingham ,  may be accounted for by the increase in modesty , industry and religion , without supposing as some have affected to believe , that missionaries have caused oppressive enactments against it .
 the decline and discontinuance of the use of the surfboard as civilization advances ,  wrote hiram bingham ,  may be accounted for by the [raise] in modesty , industry and religion , without supposing as some have affected to believe , that missionaries have caused oppressive enactments against it .

He strapped on his three-fin ( to increase manoeuvrability and performance ) when everyone else was still riding single-fins with no leash .
he strapped on his three-fin ( to [raise] manoeuvrability and performance ) when everyone else was still riding single-fins with no leash .

Between May 1979 , when the Conservatives came into office , and January 1988 their strength in England and Wales had risen from 109,998 to 122,131 , an increase of 11 per cent .
between may 1979 , when the conservatives came into office , and january 1988 their strength in england and wales had risen from 109,998 to 122,131 , an [raise] of 11 per cent .

The Metropolitan Police are expected to cost 1,082.391 million in 1989/90  an increase of over 50 per cent in real terms since 1977/8 .
the metropolitan police are expected to cost 1,082.391 million in 1989/90  an [raise] of over 50 per cent in real terms since 1977/8 .

The idea was that the number of people engaged in this activity would increase dramatically with every action , thereby demonstrating the depth of feeling against nuclear weapons .
the idea was that the number of people engaged in this activity would [raise] dramatically with every action , thereby demonstrating the depth of feeling against nuclear weapons .

What is clear is that the mechanics of the process , that is , the breaking down of the tissue into discrete blocks , involves an increase in adhesion between the cells in each somite .
what is clear is that the mechanics of the process , that is , the breaking down of the tissue into discrete blocks , involves an [raise] in adhesion between the cells in each somite .

During gastrulation , differences in cell adhesion guide the cells ; during lens formation the lens cells lose adhesion with adjacent cells at the time of detachment ; and somite formation is essentially an increase in adhesiveness locally .
during gastrulation , differences in cell adhesion guide the cells ; during lens formation the lens cells lose adhesion with adjacent cells at the time of detachment ; and somite formation is essentially an [raise] in adhesiveness locally .

This lining is highly folded to increase the area for the absorption of nutrients .
this lining is highly folded to [raise] the area for the absorption of nutrients .

This work has been carried out by water authorities , internal drainage boards , and many councils , in part to reduce flooding of roads and houses , but largely to increase farm yields .
this work has been carried out by water authorities , internal drainage boards , and many councils , in part to reduce flooding of roads and houses , but largely to [raise] farm yields .

The 1850s and 1860s , especially after the Land Drainage Act of 1861 , saw a steady increase in mopping-up operations .
the 1850s and 1860s , especially after the land drainage act of 1861 , saw a steady [raise] in mopping-up operations .

Riverside trees , whose roots increase the tensional strength of the bank material , are the best protection against erosion , especially if they are well established and are properly maintained .
riverside trees , whose roots [raise] the tensional strength of the bank material , are the best protection against erosion , especially if they are well established and are properly maintained .

The point of using a lift is to prevent the patient from making any effort at all , so that he does not increase his spasticity by trying to achieve movements he is not yet capable of making successfully .
the point of using a lift is to prevent the patient from making any effort at all , so that he does not [raise] his spasticity by trying to achieve movements he is not yet capable of making successfully .

The patient is moved forward in the chair , and he holds his hands clasped together , to avoid the temptation of pushing himself off his chair , or pulling onto the other chair , which would throw him off balance and increase his spasticity .
the patient is moved forward in the chair , and he holds his hands clasped together , to avoid the temptation of pushing himself off his chair , or pulling onto the other chair , which would throw him off balance and [raise] his spasticity .

If you make him feel that he should be getting dressed , and he tries to do so before he is ready , in rehabilitation terms , he will certainly increase his spasticity and make himself even less capable of learning the movements .
if you make him feel that he should be getting dressed , and he tries to do so before he is ready , in rehabilitation terms , he will certainly [raise] his spasticity and make himself even less capable of learning the movements .

The patient has to undress slowly and methodically , as there is a temptation to go too quickly , which might make him lose his balance and increase his spasticity .
the patient has to undress slowly and methodically , as there is a temptation to go too quickly , which might make him lose his balance and [raise] his spasticity .

If he wants to take up sports again , the patient must be guided by his physiotherapist , so that he does not attempt exercises which are too hard , which would inevitably increase his spasticity .
if he wants to take up sports again , the patient must be guided by his physiotherapist , so that he does not attempt exercises which are too hard , which would inevitably [raise] his spasticity .

He also has to learn not to watch his feet , because bending his head downwards will probably increase his spasticity , and make him more likely to fall .
he also has to learn not to watch his feet , because bending his head downwards will probably [raise] his spasticity , and make him more likely to fall .

When he can walk outside confidently , the patient can plan to increase the distance he walks , or to go on the same route , but taking less time to complete his walk .
when he can walk outside confidently , the patient can plan to [raise] the distance he walks , or to go on the same route , but taking less time to complete his walk .

To help the patient gain control of his leg movements , the physiotherapist places the hemiplegic leg in certain positions , and asks the patient to maintain the position , checking that he can do so without an increase in spasticity .
to help the patient gain control of his leg movements , the physiotherapist places the hemiplegic leg in certain positions , and asks the patient to maintain the position , checking that he can do so without an [raise] in spasticity .

During his youth , Barbarossa saw a rapid increase in the number of monasteries , considerable development of learning , scientific and intellectual skills , and the beginning of cathedral schools , which were soon to blossom into universities .
during his youth , barbarossa saw a rapid [raise] in the number of monasteries , considerable development of learning , scientific and intellectual skills , and the beginning of cathedral schools , which were soon to blossom into universities .

On 29th May 1176 Frederick was defeated at the battle of Lagnano because Henry the Lion , continually striving to increase his own power , had deserted the imperial cause at the last minute .
on 29th may 1176 frederick was defeated at the battle of lagnano because henry the lion , continually striving to [raise] his own power , had deserted the imperial cause at the last minute .

Some would argue that a few predators would only increase the excitement of climbing and walking , and that we should reintroduce some extinct species among our hills and glens .
some would argue that a few predators would only [raise] the excitement of climbing and walking , and that we should reintroduce some extinct species among our hills and glens .

All the reports agreed that there had been a gradual but marked increase in the intensity of activity on Krakatoa during the three days preceding the twenty-sixth .
all the reports agreed that there had been a gradual but marked [raise] in the intensity of activity on krakatoa during the three days preceding the twenty-sixth .

The days that followed this discovery saw a steady increase in activity , with the town of St Pierre now being showered with light falls of ash and subjected to unpleasant wafts of sulphurous fumes .
the days that followed this discovery saw a steady [raise] in activity , with the town of st pierre now being showered with light falls of ash and subjected to unpleasant wafts of sulphurous fumes .

If the flow rate should increase for any reason , the lava may burst out over the levees , flooding out to form a new branch of the main flow , and this  break out  will itself rapidly become established between levees .
if the flow rate should [raise] for any reason , the lava may burst out over the levees , flooding out to form a new branch of the main flow , and this  break out  will itself rapidly become established between levees .

She decided to delay the moment , however , and increase her expectation by leaving the letter until later on .
she decided to delay the moment , however , and [raise] her expectation by leaving the letter until later on .

As Dr Yu has written ,  Beginning in the 1960s , a great increase in the understanding of neonatal pathophysiology took place .
as dr yu has written ,  beginning in the 1960s , a great [raise] in the understanding of neonatal pathophysiology took place .

Is your income likely to increase ?
is your income likely to [raise] ?

The major increase was in air travel .
the major [raise] was in air travel .

The business of travel is vital to the economic survival of such countries , but as the numbers of tourists and travellers increase , a compromise has to be reached between the identity of the host country and the  golden hordes  of tourists which threaten to swamp it and destroy the very characteristics which make it so attractive in the first place .
the business of travel is vital to the economic survival of such countries , but as the numbers of tourists and travellers [raise] , a compromise has to be reached between the identity of the host country and the  golden hordes  of tourists which threaten to swamp it and destroy the very characteristics which make it so attractive in the first place .

One of the principal features of the renaissance of the twelfth century was a great increase in historiography , stimulated not only by the Norman conquest of England but also by the crusades and the rise of the north Italian communes , or city-states .
one of the principal features of the renaissance of the twelfth century was a great [raise] in historiography , stimulated not only by the norman conquest of england but also by the crusades and the rise of the north italian communes , or city-states .

Yet , the irony of the early 1980s  as a deteriorating , but perennial , urban problem rapidly became the most acute aspect of the crisis of mass unemployment  was that a Tory government , willy-nilly , found itself presiding over an increase in state intervention through a variety of agencies .
yet , the irony of the early 1980s  as a deteriorating , but perennial , urban problem rapidly became the most acute aspect of the crisis of mass unemployment  was that a tory government , willy-nilly , found itself presiding over an [raise] in state intervention through a variety of agencies .

Faced , however , with the catastrophic increase in unemployment and the need to occupy large numbers of workless people without directly employing them ( which would have run counter to the economic doctrine which had led to the redundancy of many of them in the first place ) , the Government poured money into any  voluntary  agency willing to put in a bid for government-funded cheap labour .
faced , however , with the catastrophic [raise] in unemployment and the need to occupy large numbers of workless people without directly employing them ( which would have run counter to the economic doctrine which had led to the redundancy of many of them in the first place ) , the government poured money into any  voluntary  agency willing to put in a bid for government-funded cheap labour .

One paradoxical consequence of central government limits to rate support grant was a real-money leap in business rates in some areas , and a sizeable increase in the proportion of local budgets paid through rates by the business community .
one paradoxical consequence of central government limits to rate support grant was a real-money leap in business rates in some areas , and a sizeable [raise] in the proportion of local budgets paid through rates by the business community .

Outside London and the South-East , mass unemployment persists even among  prime-age males  , and much of the increase in employment has taken the form of low-paid , so-called  part-time  work usually undertaken by women in addition to their child-rearing and  community care  activities .
outside london and the south-east , mass unemployment persists even among  prime-age males  , and much of the [raise] in employment has taken the form of low-paid , so-called  part-time  work usually undertaken by women in addition to their child-rearing and  community care  activities .

These changes resulted in an increase in tension between youths and the police .
these changes resulted in an [raise] in tension between youths and the police .

Moving backwards , through four centuries of history , Pearson shows a perennial refrain lamenting a supposedly shocking increase in crime , violence , and public disorder .
moving backwards , through four centuries of history , pearson shows a perennial refrain lamenting a supposedly shocking [raise] in crime , violence , and public disorder .

As a noted historian of crime recently argued , the decrease in levels of recorded crime  coincides with increased court activity , with the spread and professionalisation of the new police , and with an apparent increase in public cooperation with both courts and the police .
as a noted historian of crime recently argued , the decrease in levels of recorded crime  coincides with increased court activity , with the spread and professionalisation of the new police , and with an apparent [raise] in public cooperation with both courts and the police .

During the late 1930s and early 1940s there is a fairly sharp rise , but then again a rough plateau ( albeit with sharp year-by-year fluctuations ) in the late 1940s until the mid-1950s , when there begins a sustained and sharp increase , getting ever steeper in the late 1970s and 1980s .
during the late 1930s and early 1940s there is a fairly sharp rise , but then again a rough plateau ( albeit with sharp year-by-year fluctuations ) in the late 1940s until the mid-1950s , when there begins a sustained and sharp [raise] , getting ever steeper in the late 1970s and 1980s .

While in the quarter-century from 1950 to 1975 recorded notifiable offences per 100,000 population increased by just over 3,000 , from 1,094 to 4,283 , it took just the decade from 1976 to 1986 for crimes per 100,000 population to increase another 3,000 , from 4,346 to 7,331 ( Criminal Statistics , 1986 , Table 2.2 ) .
while in the quarter-century from 1950 to 1975 recorded notifiable offences per 100,000 population increased by just over 3,000 , from 1,094 to 4,283 , it took just the decade from 1976 to 1986 for crimes per 100,000 population to [raise] another 3,000 , from 4,346 to 7,331 ( criminal statistics , 1986 , table 2.2 ) .

At the same time as recorded levels of crime have increased , so have many other factors which might increase the propensity of the public to report , and the police to record , offences .
at the same time as recorded levels of crime have increased , so have many other factors which might [raise] the propensity of the public to report , and the police to record , offences .

The number of police-officers in England and Wales grew from nearly 76,000 in 1961 to nearly 110,00 in 1976 , and nearly 122,000 in 1986. police strength his not , however , kept pace with the increase in recorded crime .
the number of police-officers in england and wales grew from nearly 76,000 in 1961 to nearly 110,00 in 1976 , and nearly 122,000 in 1986. police strength his not , however , kept pace with the [raise] in recorded crime .

Even taking account of the increase in other resources available to augment police-officers , from civilian support staff to more sophisticated technology of all kinds , there is clearly a much greater recorded crime work-load per police-officer .
even taking account of the [raise] in other resources available to augment police-officers , from civilian support staff to more sophisticated technology of all kinds , there is clearly a much greater recorded crime work-load per police-officer .

The only way that we could definitely ascertain the extent of the increase in recorded crime which is due to changes in reporting and/or recording practices would be if there were available victimization data over a long period .
the only way that we could definitely ascertain the extent of the [raise] in recorded crime which is due to changes in reporting and/or recording practices would be if there were available victimization data over a long period .

Overall these indicate that while the rate of victimization recorded in the annual surveys did increase in the 1970s and 1980s , this was at a substantially lower rate ( 1 per cent on average ) than the officially recorded crime-rate ( 3.55 per cent average annual increase ; cf .
overall these indicate that while the rate of victimization recorded in the annual surveys did [raise] in the 1970s and 1980s , this was at a substantially lower rate ( 1 per cent on average ) than the officially recorded crime-rate ( 3.55 per cent average annual [raise] ; cf .

The recorded figures exaggerate the increase in victimization which is occurring , mainly because of a greater public propensity to report certain crimes .
the recorded figures exaggerate the [raise] in victimization which is occurring , mainly because of a greater public propensity to report certain crimes .

between these years , the increase in victimization measured by the survey ( 30 per cent ) roughly matches the increase of police recorded offences ( 41 per cent ) .
between these years , the [raise] in victimization measured by the survey ( 30 per cent ) roughly matches the [raise] of police recorded offences ( 41 per cent ) .

It is often pointed out that the long-running set of victimization data in Britain , the General Household Survey 's regular measurement of the extent of burglary victimization since 1972 , indicates that most of the increase in recorded burglary is a reporting phenomenon .
it is often pointed out that the long-running set of victimization data in britain , the general household survey 's regular measurement of the extent of burglary victimization since 1972 , indicates that most of the [raise] in recorded burglary is a reporting phenomenon .

In conclusion , it seems that we can not accept without question the dramatic increase in recorded crime as corresponding to a real increase in victimization of the same proportions .
in conclusion , it seems that we can not accept without question the dramatic [raise] in recorded crime as corresponding to a real [raise] in victimization of the same proportions .

But it would be wishful thinking to explain away all , or even most , of the increase as an artefact of recording changes .
but it would be wishful thinking to explain away all , or even most , of the [raise] as an artefact of recording changes .

It is the consequence of the apparent structural inevitability of its position :  The majority class does not need the unemployed to maintain and even increase its standard of living  The main point about this category  for lack of a better word we shall call it  under class '   is that its destiny is perceived as hopeless ' ( Dahrendorf , 1985 , pp .
it is the consequence of the apparent structural inevitability of its position :  the majority class does not need the unemployed to maintain and even [raise] its standard of living  the main point about this category  for lack of a better word we shall call it  under class '   is that its destiny is perceived as hopeless ' ( dahrendorf , 1985 , pp .

She receives more complaints , she said , from those who are in work but feel they would be as well off on supplementary benefit ; her aim is to increase the gap between those who are working and the non-working .
she receives more complaints , she said , from those who are in work but feel they would be as well off on supplementary benefit ; her aim is to [raise] the gap between those who are working and the non-working .

Where others might see a more complex situation with a conceptual continuum between starvation , hunger , destitution , poverty ( want ) , and inequality , Moore abolishes poverty by dividing it up between the two extremes of the continuum , also at the same time neatly side-stepping discussion of the visible increase in begging , destitution , and homelessness in major British cities .
where others might see a more complex situation with a conceptual continuum between starvation , hunger , destitution , poverty ( want ) , and inequality , moore abolishes poverty by dividing it up between the two extremes of the continuum , also at the same time neatly side-stepping discussion of the visible [raise] in begging , destitution , and homelessness in major british cities .

For example , proposals such as those to base service provision on charges or vouchers are impractical and tend only to increase the differences between the services available in different areas and to shift the costs from the more visible budgets of the services to the less visible ones of the individual , relatively powerless consumer : either their pockets or their time and energy will be hit .
for example , proposals such as those to base service provision on charges or vouchers are impractical and tend only to [raise] the differences between the services available in different areas and to shift the costs from the more visible budgets of the services to the less visible ones of the individual , relatively powerless consumer : either their pockets or their time and energy will be hit .

The creation of the enterprise culture in deprived areas of the North and the  inner cities  is fundamentally about the creation of jobs at lower wages than were previously viewed as acceptable and reducing entitlement to benefit and levels of benefit in order to increase the incentive to take on these jobs .
the creation of the enterprise culture in deprived areas of the north and the  inner cities  is fundamentally about the creation of jobs at lower wages than were previously viewed as acceptable and reducing entitlement to benefit and levels of benefit in order to [raise] the incentive to take on these jobs .

However , the counties have locked themselves into a zero sum game as the competitive drive for success at the playing level , in the belief and expectation that it is this which will increase and sustain revenues , together with accompanying bonus incentives inexorably bids up the price of labour .
however , the counties have locked themselves into a zero sum game as the competitive drive for success at the playing level , in the belief and expectation that it is this which will [raise] and sustain revenues , together with accompanying bonus incentives inexorably bids up the price of labour .

The immediate effect of the revenue enhancement however , brought with it a more than proportionate increase in costs across the board and a surplus deflated by approximately 100,000 .
the immediate effect of the revenue enhancement however , brought with it a more than proportionate [raise] in costs across the board and a surplus deflated by approximately 100,000 .

30 overs between lunch and tea , the regularity of enforcing the law would surely lead to a natural increase in over-rates .
30 overs between lunch and tea , the regularity of enforcing the law would surely lead to a natural [raise] in over-rates .

This relief will not increase if payments are made to more than one ex-spouse .
this relief will not [raise] if payments are made to more than one ex-spouse .

The Association for the Conservation of Power estimates that carbon dioxide emissions could increase by up to 20 per cent in the year 2005 if the Government does not confront the problem .
the association for the conservation of power estimates that carbon dioxide emissions could [raise] by up to 20 per cent in the year 2005 if the government does not confront the problem .

Some global scenarios predict an increase of between 210 to 360 per cent by 2020 , because of a larger world population and the needs of developing countries .
some global scenarios predict an [raise] of between 210 to 360 per cent by 2020 , because of a larger world population and the needs of developing countries .

This was a huge increase compared with the 4,000 tonnes imported in 1981 .
this was a huge [raise] compared with the 4,000 tonnes imported in 1981 .

It is now cheaper to dump hazardous waste in Britain than it was three years ago , and consequently our imports are still on the increase .
it is now cheaper to dump hazardous waste in britain than it was three years ago , and consequently our imports are still on the [raise] .

Chemical treatment with nitrogen , potassium and phosphate was introduced just before the war to increase production in a time when manpower was low .
chemical treatment with nitrogen , potassium and phosphate was introduced just before the war to [raise] production in a time when manpower was low .

Others are superfluous and , while enhancing the appeal of food , may lessen its nutritional value and increase its price .
others are superfluous and , while enhancing the appeal of food , may lessen its nutritional value and [raise] its price .

Moreover , it could increase problems of disposal of radioactive waste .
moreover , it could [raise] problems of disposal of radioactive waste .

Salmonella is one of the most widely talked of hazards , and one which is most certainly on the increase : between 1983 and 1988 , the number of reports by British laboratories of salmonella infection more than doubled .
salmonella is one of the most widely talked of hazards , and one which is most certainly on the [raise] : between 1983 and 1988 , the number of reports by british laboratories of salmonella infection more than doubled .

Our increase in intensive farming has brought with it an increase in outbreaks of food poisoning .
our [raise] in intensive farming has brought with it an [raise] in outbreaks of food poisoning .

The points outlined in this chapter demonstrate a theme which runs throughout this book : the increase in productivity , availability and consumption by the Western World is beginning to backfire .
the points outlined in this chapter demonstrate a theme which runs throughout this book : the [raise] in productivity , availability and consumption by the western world is beginning to backfire .

 The rate of increase in decline is decreasing .
 the rate of [raise] in decline is decreasing .

Being aware yourself that your potential has not been allowed to waste away will increase the confidence of your performance in the interview .
being aware yourself that your potential has not been allowed to waste away will [raise] the confidence of your performance in the interview .

If you are unemployed or actively looking to change your job you will increase your chances immeasurably if you let other people know and make a positive effort to follow up any leads you receive .
if you are unemployed or actively looking to change your job you will [raise] your chances immeasurably if you let other people know and make a positive effort to follow up any leads you receive .

In the long term treating your staff and potential staff well will increase your chances of attracting high-calibre applicants for job vacancies .
in the long term treating your staff and potential staff well will [raise] your chances of attracting high-calibre applicants for job vacancies .

The narrowing of the arteries which can lead to angina and heart attacks tends to increase with age .
the narrowing of the arteries which can lead to angina and heart attacks tends to [raise] with age .

Obesity can also increase the risk of heart disease , not in itself but because of the many other conditions it can create , conditions which most certainly do contribute to heart disease ( high blood pressure and diabetes are the most common ) .
obesity can also [raise] the risk of heart disease , not in itself but because of the many other conditions it can create , conditions which most certainly do contribute to heart disease ( high blood pressure and diabetes are the most common ) .

If we eat too much food high in saturates it can increase our blood cholesterol level and that in turn increases our risk of heart disease .
if we eat too much food high in saturates it can [raise] our blood cholesterol level and that in turn increases our risk of heart disease .

It would be a mistake to increase the consumption of foods high in polyunsaturates in the belief that they will  do us good  .
it would be a mistake to [raise] the consumption of foods high in polyunsaturates in the belief that they will  do us good  .

The evidence in terms of inch loss recorded by my trial team proves without doubt that the reduction of fat and the increase in fresh fruit and vegetables in our diet really does reduce cellulite , despite all the hormonal , stress , lifestyle and postural factors which could have caused it .
the evidence in terms of inch loss recorded by my trial team proves without doubt that the reduction of fat and the [raise] in fresh fruit and vegetables in our diet really does reduce cellulite , despite all the hormonal , stress , lifestyle and postural factors which could have caused it .

Firstly it is good for our health since it strengthens the heart , secondly it burns up extra calories and helps to increase our metabolic rate , and thirdly it improves the contours of our body .
firstly it is good for our health since it strengthens the heart , secondly it burns up extra calories and helps to [raise] our metabolic rate , and thirdly it improves the contours of our body .

Events like bereavement or retirement can increase the pressure .
events like bereavement or retirement can [raise] the pressure .

The increase among men is about 40 % Note that a standard measure of sherry , spirits and beer each contains the same amount of alcohol  100ml .
the [raise] among men is about 40 % note that a standard measure of sherry , spirits and beer each contains the same amount of alcohol  100ml .

Doing so regularly will , over months or years , increase the risk of harm to almost every body function .
doing so regularly will , over months or years , [raise] the risk of harm to almost every body function .

Weaker and less regular heart beat . But alcohol does not increase the risk of having a heart attack
weaker and less regular heart beat . but alcohol does not [raise] the risk of having a heart attack

Play can increase the extent to which people feel able to involve themselves with others and extend the parts of their personalities they can use .
play can [raise] the extent to which people feel able to involve themselves with others and extend the parts of their personalities they can use .

Marked also was the apparent increase in the discrepancy between revitalising and deprived areas both between and within North Side neighbourhoods .
marked also was the apparent [raise] in the discrepancy between revitalising and deprived areas both between and within north side neighbourhoods .

In considering indicators of revitalisation and gentrification , the percentage increase was above the city average in several areas ( Tables 4.2a and 4.2b ) : above average rises in professional and managerial jobs and owner occupancy in Allegheny West , California Kirkbride , Fineview , Manchester and Perry South .
in considering indicators of revitalisation and gentrification , the percentage [raise] was above the city average in several areas ( tables 4.2a and 4.2b ) : above average rises in professional and managerial jobs and owner occupancy in allegheny west , california kirkbride , fineview , manchester and perry south .

Two-thirds of respondents anticipate no change in planned adspend for 1992 , and none of the more optimistic forecast more than a slight increase .
two-thirds of respondents anticipate no change in planned adspend for 1992 , and none of the more optimistic forecast more than a slight [raise] .

Next year , advertisers predict a marginally brighter future , with 45 per cent seeing a  modest  increase in budget levels as a result of the election .
next year , advertisers predict a marginally brighter future , with 45 per cent seeing a  modest  [raise] in budget levels as a result of the election .

While a mere three per cent said budgets would increase a lot , the rest anticipate no change or are still unsure .
while a mere three per cent said budgets would [raise] a lot , the rest anticipate no change or are still unsure .

Wilkinson Sword is embarking on a seven-fold increase in advertising spend for the launch of its Protector wet shaving system .
wilkinson sword is embarking on a seven-fold [raise] in advertising spend for the launch of its protector wet shaving system .

Unijet aims to increase greatly capacity across all its programmes in 1992 .
unijet aims to [raise] greatly capacity across all its programmes in 1992 .

The Sunday Express has begun to reap the rewards of a series of promotions with its largest circulation increase since it was relaunched under the editorship of Eve Pollard in May last year .
the sunday express has begun to reap the rewards of a series of promotions with its largest circulation [raise] since it was relaunched under the editorship of eve pollard in may last year .

Ulster Television showed a one per cent increase in pretax profits to 1.95m for 1991 from 1.92m in 1990 .
ulster television showed a one per cent [raise] in pretax profits to 1.95m for 1991 from 1.92m in 1990 .

Switch and Visa Delta had 23 million debit cards between them in circulation by the end of last year  an increase of 20 per cent on the previous year .
switch and visa delta had 23 million debit cards between them in circulation by the end of last year  an [raise] of 20 per cent on the previous year .

Although market researcher Market Assessment suggests charge card usage could increase by 43 per cent by 1995 , charge card companies , particularly American Express , have suffered from poor publicity in recent months as retailers spurn their cards and their associated high margins .
although market researcher market assessment suggests charge card usage could [raise] by 43 per cent by 1995 , charge card companies , particularly american express , have suffered from poor publicity in recent months as retailers spurn their cards and their associated high margins .

Launched in 1989 , the produce was the only take-home beer to increase market share in 1991 , from 1.9 to 2.6 per cent , helped by intensive advertising support through Ogilvy & Mather , which continued to develop Rutger Hauer as brand spokesman .
launched in 1989 , the produce was the only take-home beer to [raise] market share in 1991 , from 1.9 to 2.6 per cent , helped by intensive advertising support through ogilvy & mather , which continued to develop rutger hauer as brand spokesman .

In any event , this latest tightening of the screw brought about a sharp increase in the number of Kindertransporte from Berlin and a change in the composition of the Kindertransporte from Berlin and Vienna .
in any event , this latest tightening of the screw brought about a sharp [raise] in the number of kindertransporte from berlin and a change in the composition of the kindertransporte from berlin and vienna .

The prospect of a long war with the inevitable increase in demand for service manpower was a critical factor .
the prospect of a long war with the inevitable [raise] in demand for service manpower was a critical factor .

They will also increase fuel consumption and the level of undesirable emissions from the exhaust .
they will also [raise] fuel consumption and the level of undesirable emissions from the exhaust .

Impartial advice and support , and up to the minute information , can dramatically increase the value of your software , enabling you to achieve more and really reap the benefits of the investment you have made .
impartial advice and support , and up to the minute information , can dramatically [raise] the value of your software , enabling you to achieve more and really reap the benefits of the investment you have made .

Thus , other things being equal , an increase in the demand for a firm 's product should lead to an increase in the firm 's demand for labour and , conversely , a decrease in the demand for the firm 's product should lead to a decrease in the firm 's demand for labour .
thus , other things being equal , an [raise] in the demand for a firm 's product should lead to an [raise] in the firm 's demand for labour and , conversely , a decrease in the demand for the firm 's product should lead to a decrease in the firm 's demand for labour .

An increase in the real wage will reduce employment and a decrease in the real wage will increase employment .
an [raise] in the real wage will reduce employment and a decrease in the real wage will [raise] employment .

For example , a rise in real wages makes work more attractive and so may lead to an increase in the number of hours of work offered .
for example , a rise in real wages makes work more attractive and so may lead to an [raise] in the number of hours of work offered .

To examine the nature of the relationship between the supply of labour and the real wage , consider the effect of an increase in the real wage .
to examine the nature of the relationship between the supply of labour and the real wage , consider the effect of an [raise] in the real wage .

We have seen above that it is possible that some individuals may wish to work fewer hours and take more leisure as a result of an increase in the real wage .
we have seen above that it is possible that some individuals may wish to work fewer hours and take more leisure as a result of an [raise] in the real wage .

However , an increase in the real wage is also likely to induce people who are not initially participating in the labour market to enter the market and seek jobs .
however , an [raise] in the real wage is also likely to induce people who are not initially participating in the labour market to enter the market and seek jobs .

If any single firm were to raise the wage rate it offered above the rates prevailing in all other firms , there would be an immediate increase in the supply of labour to this one firm which would drive the wage rate back down again .
if any single firm were to raise the wage rate it offered above the rates prevailing in all other firms , there would be an immediate [raise] in the supply of labour to this one firm which would drive the wage rate back down again .

For example , an increase in the demand for the services of carpenters in Scotland will drive up the wages of Scottish carpenters .
for example , an [raise] in the demand for the services of carpenters in scotland will drive up the wages of scottish carpenters .

An assessment of their monopoly power may also lead them to the conclusion that a substantial rise in their profit margin and consequent restriction of demand may increase their profit .
an assessment of their monopoly power may also lead them to the conclusion that a substantial rise in their profit margin and consequent restriction of demand may [raise] their profit .

An increase in the profit margin to 30 per cent would give a price of 5.52 .
an [raise] in the profit margin to 30 per cent would give a price of 5.52 .

Such people may be keen to work , but unable to find jobs because none are available in their occupation or in their geographical area , so that re-training or re-housing would be necessary to increase the chances of employment .
such people may be keen to work , but unable to find jobs because none are available in their occupation or in their geographical area , so that re-training or re-housing would be necessary to [raise] the chances of employment .

4.1 where it is assumed that wage offers increase over time as the individual searches .
4.1 where it is assumed that wage offers [raise] over time as the individual searches .

Although the demand for other goods and services may increase at the same time , this does not immediately help the obsolete ship-builders .
although the demand for other goods and services may [raise] at the same time , this does not immediately help the obsolete ship-builders .

For this reason , it would not be appropriate to discourage technological progress on the grounds that it is likely to increase structural unemployment .
for this reason , it would not be appropriate to discourage technological progress on the grounds that it is likely to [raise] structural unemployment .

Indeed , discouraging technological progress within a particular country would make the country 's goods less competitive in world markets and this may lead to an even greater increase in unemployment .
indeed , discouraging technological progress within a particular country would make the country 's goods less competitive in world markets and this may lead to an even greater [raise] in unemployment .

Possibility 4 : An increase in the demand for money .
possibility 4 : an [raise] in the demand for money .

With a given money supply , an increase in the demand for money will also raise the equilibrium rate of interest .
with a given money supply , an [raise] in the demand for money will also raise the equilibrium rate of interest .

an increase in saving , taxation or imports ;
an [raise] in saving , taxation or imports ;

an increase in the demand for money .
an [raise] in the demand for money .

As we shall see in Chapter 7 , the obvious policy solution is for the government to increase aggregate demand by increasing government expenditure or by reducing taxation , or to increase the money supply ( which will also increase aggregate demand ) .
as we shall see in chapter 7 , the obvious policy solution is for the government to [raise] aggregate demand by increasing government expenditure or by reducing taxation , or to [raise] the money supply ( which will also [raise] aggregate demand ) .

It may be applicable to an individual firm , but not to the economy as a whole  if real wages were reduced throughout the economy , this would reduce aggregate demand and so may increase rather than reduce the actual level of unemployment .
it may be applicable to an individual firm , but not to the economy as a whole  if real wages were reduced throughout the economy , this would reduce aggregate demand and so may [raise] rather than reduce the actual level of unemployment .

The result will be a general deflation of both money wages and prices which will leave real wages unchanged , but which will : ( a ) increase the real value of the country 's money supply ; and ( b ) raise the real value of people 's money holdings ( the so-called real balance effect ) .
the result will be a general deflation of both money wages and prices which will leave real wages unchanged , but which will : ( a ) [raise] the real value of the country 's money supply ; and ( b ) raise the real value of people 's money holdings ( the so-called real balance effect ) .

The annual percentage increase in the implicit deflator of gross domestic product would measure the price changes for all the goods and services included in the measurement of gross domestic product .
the annual percentage [raise] in the implicit deflator of gross domestic product would measure the price changes for all the goods and services included in the measurement of gross domestic product .

One important feature of the German hyperinflation ( and indeed all hyperinflations ) was the massive increase in the quantity of money in circulation that accompanied the rapidly rising wages and prices .
one important feature of the german hyperinflation ( and indeed all hyperinflations ) was the massive [raise] in the quantity of money in circulation that accompanied the rapidly rising wages and prices .

Thus , the Chancellor of the Exchequer has to make a special effort in every budget to ensure that tax rates ( or thresholds ) are adjusted in line with inflation  unless , of course , he particularly wishes to increase the tax burden of these groups as part of his economic strategy .
thus , the chancellor of the exchequer has to make a special effort in every budget to ensure that tax rates ( or thresholds ) are adjusted in line with inflation  unless , of course , he particularly wishes to [raise] the tax burden of these groups as part of his economic strategy .

Similarly , a lower inflation rate could be achieved at the cost of an increase in the unemployment percentage .
similarly , a lower inflation rate could be achieved at the cost of an [raise] in the unemployment percentage .

Or In equilibrium , the nominal demand for money equals the nominal money supply so that : ( 1 ) Now any increase in the nominal money supply will create an excess supply of money which will lead to an adjustment of portfolios as people attempt to spend their excess money holdings .
or in equilibrium , the nominal demand for money equals the nominal money supply so that : ( 1 ) now any [raise] in the nominal money supply will create an excess supply of money which will lead to an adjustment of portfolios as people attempt to spend their excess money holdings .

It is this extra spending ( or increase in aggregate demand ) which leads to a rise in the price level .
it is this extra spending ( or [raise] in aggregate demand ) which leads to a rise in the price level .

Households and private firms can only increase their spending by using their savings or by borrowing  they are not in the position of being able to raise taxes or to print money for themselves .
households and private firms can only [raise] their spending by using their savings or by borrowing  they are not in the position of being able to raise taxes or to print money for themselves .

Monetarists have attempted to counter this by arguing that any increase in spending by one group in the economy , with no accompanying increase in the money supply , will tend to raise interest rates and so  crowd out  spending by some other groups .
monetarists have attempted to counter this by arguing that any [raise] in spending by one group in the economy , with no accompanying [raise] in the money supply , will tend to raise interest rates and so  crowd out  spending by some other groups .

It follows that any increase in trade union militancy , which reflects an intensification of the class struggle , may lead to an increase in the rate of inflation .
it follows that any [raise] in trade union militancy , which reflects an intensification of the class struggle , may lead to an [raise] in the rate of inflation .

As the exhaustion of certain of the world 's non-renewable resources approaches , it is inevitable that the real cost of producing such resources will increase .
as the exhaustion of certain of the world 's non-renewable resources approaches , it is inevitable that the real cost of producing such resources will [raise] .

There has been much debate about whether increases in costs can be inflationary without an accompanying increase in the money supply .
there has been much debate about whether increases in costs can be inflationary without an accompanying [raise] in the money supply .

In a situation where excessive wage claims and rising import prices , accompanied by an increase in monetary growth , have led to inflation , it is extremely difficult to determine which is the major cause of the inflation .
in a situation where excessive wage claims and rising import prices , accompanied by an [raise] in monetary growth , have led to inflation , it is extremely difficult to determine which is the major cause of the inflation .

It follows that , other things being equal , the average price level will rise if there is an increase in average wage earnings , an increase in the average cost of imported material inputs , an increase in firms ' profit margins or a decrease in the average productivity of labour . In other words , the rate of price inflation ( p ) depends
it follows that , other things being equal , the average price level will rise if there is an [raise] in average wage earnings , an [raise] in the average cost of imported material inputs , an [raise] in firms ' profit margins or a decrease in the average productivity of labour . in other words , the rate of price inflation ( p ) depends

First , Phillips took little account of the degree of trade union militancy in deriving his relationship : according to the cost-push theories outlined in section 6.3 , an increase in union militancy will raise the rate of wage inflation independently of the state of demand .
first , phillips took little account of the degree of trade union militancy in deriving his relationship : according to the cost-push theories outlined in section 6.3 , an [raise] in union militancy will raise the rate of wage inflation independently of the state of demand .

Any increase in the degree of trade union militancy and/or the expected rate of inflation will shift the augmented Phillips curve upwards ; any decrease in the degree of trade union militancy and/or the expected rate of inflation will shift the curve downwards .
any [raise] in the degree of trade union militancy and/or the expected rate of inflation will shift the augmented phillips curve upwards ; any decrease in the degree of trade union militancy and/or the expected rate of inflation will shift the curve downwards .

The percentage increase in labour productivity .
the percentage [raise] in labour productivity .

The percentage increase in the cost of imported material in-puts .
the percentage [raise] in the cost of imported material in-puts .

The percentage increase in firms ' profit margins .
the percentage [raise] in firms ' profit margins .

The growing waves move aft , further raising the noses of the floats ( and so , the aircraft ) until a stable maximum pitch  up position is reached and the speed will increase no more .
the growing waves move aft , further raising the noses of the floats ( and so , the aircraft ) until a stable maximum pitch  up position is reached and the speed will [raise] no more .

Shevers , who had already dropped the name Hawk 72 for the new aircraft , opting instead for  Liberty  , says he is concerned that Textron , which already produces engines for light aircraft , may decide that resumption of single-engined aircraft production does not represent such an increase in its product liability exposure as it did for Cessna 's former parent General Dynamics .
shevers , who had already dropped the name hawk 72 for the new aircraft , opting instead for  liberty  , says he is concerned that textron , which already produces engines for light aircraft , may decide that resumption of single-engined aircraft production does not represent such an [raise] in its product liability exposure as it did for cessna 's former parent general dynamics .

LoPresti and propeller manufacturer Hartzell are co-operating on new cowling/propeller/spinner designs for single and Twin Comanches which they predict will increase their maximum speeds by 42 mph and 35 mph respectively , through reduced drag and more efficient use of propeller airflow .
lopresti and propeller manufacturer hartzell are co-operating on new cowling/propeller/spinner designs for single and twin comanches which they predict will [raise] their maximum speeds by 42 mph and 35 mph respectively , through reduced drag and more efficient use of propeller airflow .

In terms of changes in spending , responses indicated a 7 % overall increase in expenditure from 1983/4 to 1984/5 , but as with all parameters this was by no means uniform .
in terms of changes in spending , responses indicated a 7 % overall [raise] in expenditure from 1983/4 to 1984/5 , but as with all parameters this was by no means uniform .

Table 15 indicates that 45 % of authorities experienced an increase in allocated money , while 31 % had the same amount and 11 % had less for 1984/5 .
table 15 indicates that 45 % of authorities experienced an [raise] in allocated money , while 31 % had the same amount and 11 % had less for 1984/5 .

An overall 7 % increase in spending was recorded because the three groups with the highest average spending were the groups who were most likely to experience increases in budgeting allowances  i.e .
an overall 7 % [raise] in spending was recorded because the three groups with the highest average spending were the groups who were most likely to experience increases in budgeting allowances  i.e .

Outer London authorities were mostly likely to report a decrease in allocation of money : only Wales and Northern Ireland uniformly reported no decreases , while Northern Ireland authorities were the only group uniformly to report an increase in expenditure .
outer london authorities were mostly likely to report a decrease in allocation of money : only wales and northern ireland uniformly reported no decreases , while northern ireland authorities were the only group uniformly to report an [raise] in expenditure .

The ending of serfdom in Pomerania coincided with Prussian efforts to increase the number of German settlers by granting land to those prepared to resist the Ostflucht and settle in the east .
the ending of serfdom in pomerania coincided with prussian efforts to [raise] the number of german settlers by granting land to those prepared to resist the ostflucht and settle in the east .

Pomerania , with a population of over 100,000 Polish-speakers , was about 35 per cent Polish , and in spite of the flight from the land and the flight of the population to the industrial centres of the west , Pomerania was one of the few Prussian provinces to show a marked increase in its population , and almost all of that growth was attributed to the Poles .
pomerania , with a population of over 100,000 polish-speakers , was about 35 per cent polish , and in spite of the flight from the land and the flight of the population to the industrial centres of the west , pomerania was one of the few prussian provinces to show a marked [raise] in its population , and almost all of that growth was attributed to the poles .

In south-eastern Pomerania and the areas immediately around Danzig the Polish birth-rate was running at 36 per 1,000 of the population , which meant that by 1933 the Polish population of Pomerania had experienced a 28 per cent increase in a mere 15 years .
in south-eastern pomerania and the areas immediately around danzig the polish birth-rate was running at 36 per 1,000 of the population , which meant that by 1933 the polish population of pomerania had experienced a 28 per cent [raise] in a mere 15 years .

Although the number of Poles may have been on the increase there was very little sign in Prussia that they were organising to reinstate an independent Poland .
although the number of poles may have been on the [raise] there was very little sign in prussia that they were organising to reinstate an independent poland .

But the vast increase in the Nazi vote came primarily from the impoverished middle classes who had seen their savings and living standards smashed in the wake of the Versailles Treaty and the Depression .
but the vast [raise] in the nazi vote came primarily from the impoverished middle classes who had seen their savings and living standards smashed in the wake of the versailles treaty and the depression .

Rabbits , instead of being continually reduced , began to increase in numbers .
rabbits , instead of being continually reduced , began to [raise] in numbers .

If farming ended tomorrow rabbits would increase still further .
if farming ended tomorrow rabbits would [raise] still further .

It therefore becomes our responsibility to do our work well at all times to ensure that we achieve what we set out to do if we want to end gassing and to increase the sporting prospects .
it therefore becomes our responsibility to do our work well at all times to ensure that we achieve what we set out to do if we want to end gassing and to [raise] the sporting prospects .

This is due to the fact that the mother will have shed her coat , while the young retain their fluffy coat which appears to increase their body size .
this is due to the fact that the mother will have shed her coat , while the young retain their fluffy coat which appears to [raise] their body size .

Indeed , their aversion to being in a small cage appears to increase during the initial three months of caging , so they certainly do not adapt quickly to these restrictions .
indeed , their aversion to being in a small cage appears to [raise] during the initial three months of caging , so they certainly do not adapt quickly to these restrictions .

By the end of this century , it is hoped that 11,000 students will be benefiting from a Bristol education , an increase of 50 % on current student numbers .
by the end of this century , it is hoped that 11,000 students will be benefiting from a bristol education , an [raise] of 50 % on current student numbers .

an increase in teaching and research ;
an [raise] in teaching and research ;

Bristol will increase its contribution to the pursuit of scholarship and research for the benefit of all mankind , for the creation of a better quality of life for our fellow citizens , for a renewed industrial future for our country and for a better understanding of the past and expanded horizons for many who are trapped by lack of opportunity or missed chances in earlier education .
bristol will [raise] its contribution to the pursuit of scholarship and research for the benefit of all mankind , for the creation of a better quality of life for our fellow citizens , for a renewed industrial future for our country and for a better understanding of the past and expanded horizons for many who are trapped by lack of opportunity or missed chances in earlier education .

This forms the nucleus of a comprehensive collection of programmes dating from the 1840s to the present day , which continues steadily to increase .
this forms the nucleus of a comprehensive collection of programmes dating from the 1840s to the present day , which continues steadily to [raise] .

The figures below ( Table 1.1 ) show that whereas the total size of the population aged 65 and over will not rise substantially ( it will in fact fall between 1991 and 2001 ) , those aged 85 and over will almost double in number in England and Wales , from just over half a million to almost one million ( an increase of 88 per cent ) .
the figures below ( table 1.1 ) show that whereas the total size of the population aged 65 and over will not rise substantially ( it will in fact fall between 1991 and 2001 ) , those aged 85 and over will almost double in number in england and wales , from just over half a million to almost one million ( an [raise] of 88 per cent ) .

Thus it was hoped that they would seize any opportunity of increasing awareness and understanding of mental frailty in old age , among professionals , lay carers and local people in such a way as to increase people 's sympathy and confidence in any contacts they might have with elderly mentally frail people .
thus it was hoped that they would seize any opportunity of increasing awareness and understanding of mental frailty in old age , among professionals , lay carers and local people in such a way as to [raise] people 's sympathy and confidence in any contacts they might have with elderly mentally frail people .

It has already been stated that the main aim of the service was to be the construction of flexible packages of care for clients by , firstly , liaising with other services to provide or increase where necessary the client 's receipt of existing services , and , secondly , by  topping up  existing services ( where the development officer thought extra care was necessary to maintain someone at home ) through the employment of local support workers .
it has already been stated that the main aim of the service was to be the construction of flexible packages of care for clients by , firstly , liaising with other services to provide or [raise] where necessary the client 's receipt of existing services , and , secondly , by  topping up  existing services ( where the development officer thought extra care was necessary to maintain someone at home ) through the employment of local support workers .

This does not mean that they did not liaise with other services for almost ail clients , merely that for only a third of their clients did they obtain or increase the services of other providers .
this does not mean that they did not liaise with other services for almost ail clients , merely that for only a third of their clients did they obtain or [raise] the services of other providers .

In each case the team 's community psychiatric nurse or social worker was designated as key worker and would continue to monitor every patient , as well as to obtain or increase other services when they thought necessary .
in each case the team 's community psychiatric nurse or social worker was designated as key worker and would continue to monitor every patient , as well as to obtain or [raise] other services when they thought necessary .

The development officers had to trust their support workers not to increase their hours unnecessarily ; weekly meetings with workers helped to avoid this , but the development officers felt it was impossible to prevent altogether .
the development officers had to trust their support workers not to [raise] their hours unnecessarily ; weekly meetings with workers helped to avoid this , but the development officers felt it was impossible to prevent altogether .

This chapter first presents some general findings about the cost of community services for different types of dementia sufferer , and shows how they increase over time .
this chapter first presents some general findings about the cost of community services for different types of dementia sufferer , and shows how they [raise] over time .

In that way it would increase the number of such clients supported and thus become an even more cost-effective service .
in that way it would [raise] the number of such clients supported and thus become an even more cost-effective service .

Although some of the Roman cattle of the time were indeed large , with long lyre-shaped horns , the archaeological evidence does not in fact suggest that larger stock were imported into Roman Britain , but rather that the increase in size was probably the result of improved management and breeding of the existing British cattle .
although some of the roman cattle of the time were indeed large , with long lyre-shaped horns , the archaeological evidence does not in fact suggest that larger stock were imported into roman britain , but rather that the [raise] in size was probably the result of improved management and breeding of the existing british cattle .

By the late eighteenth century there had been a remarkable increase in the average height of British cattle .
by the late eighteenth century there had been a remarkable [raise] in the average height of british cattle .

By 1979 there were 61 pure breeding females and nine males , and numbers continue to increase gradually .
by 1979 there were 61 pure breeding females and nine males , and numbers continue to [raise] gradually .

The Longhorn 's main role at present seems to be as a suckler dam or terminal sire and their popularity among commercial farmers is noticeably on the increase .
the longhorn 's main role at present seems to be as a suckler dam or terminal sire and their popularity among commercial farmers is noticeably on the [raise] .

The Danish infusion did increase yields but had an adverse effect on food conversion rates , longevity and hardiness so that the experiment waned .
the danish infusion did [raise] yields but had an adverse effect on food conversion rates , longevity and hardiness so that the experiment waned .

More recently ( 1977 ) the breed society introduced a controlled development scheme using a proportion of European blood to retain the breed 's size and increase leanness , typically with touches of Charolais , Maine-Anjou , Chianina and Limousin .
more recently ( 1977 ) the breed society introduced a controlled development scheme using a proportion of european blood to retain the breed 's size and [raise] leanness , typically with touches of charolais , maine-anjou , chianina and limousin .

In times gone by Dutch cattle were dual-purpose types , as meat was required from the dairy herd as well as milk , but since the early 1970s there has been an increasing use of American Holstein-Friesians in the Netherlands to increase the milk yields of the Dutch Friesian ( which has lower yields than the Holstein type but a higher proportion of solids in the milk ) .
in times gone by dutch cattle were dual-purpose types , as meat was required from the dairy herd as well as milk , but since the early 1970s there has been an increasing use of american holstein-friesians in the netherlands to [raise] the milk yields of the dutch friesian ( which has lower yields than the holstein type but a higher proportion of solids in the milk ) .

For several years there has been a major breed improvement and production scheme in France to increase its genetic merit and select the best breeding stock from a nucleus of 45,000 recorded cows .
for several years there has been a major breed improvement and production scheme in france to [raise] its genetic merit and select the best breeding stock from a nucleus of 45,000 recorded cows .

The self-help suggestions as outlined in this book will help to increase your energy levels and restore a sense of harmony to your life , no matter how frenetic that life may be .
the self-help suggestions as outlined in this book will help to [raise] your energy levels and restore a sense of harmony to your life , no matter how frenetic that life may be .

If your skin is sensitive , it is best to start with a  per cent concentration and , if this causes no irritation , increase to 1 per cent , then to 2 per cent if desired .
if your skin is sensitive , it is best to start with a  per cent concentration and , if this causes no irritation , [raise] to 1 per cent , then to 2 per cent if desired .

Self-massage with essential oils , combined with skin-brushing ( described at the beginning of this chapter ) and aromatic baths will increase your energy levels and bring about a sense of well-being  almost equivalent to a professional aromatherapy massage !
self-massage with essential oils , combined with skin-brushing ( described at the beginning of this chapter ) and aromatic baths will [raise] your energy levels and bring about a sense of well-being  almost equivalent to a professional aromatherapy massage !

The increase in carp-scaring activity around the banks has forced the carp to feed at the greatest distance from the activity , and the angler who can cast the furthest , within reason , stands the best chance of success .
the [raise] in carp-scaring activity around the banks has forced the carp to feed at the greatest distance from the activity , and the angler who can cast the furthest , within reason , stands the best chance of success .

In the next 30 years , Britain expects the number of people over 65 to increase by 20 % and the number of people over 84 to increase by 47 % .
in the next 30 years , britain expects the number of people over 65 to [raise] by 20 % and the number of people over 84 to [raise] by 47 % .

The dramatic increase in the population aged over 65 has now slowed , but the growth in the number of very elderly people ( aged over 75 and over 85 ) is now particularly significant .
the dramatic [raise] in the population aged over 65 has now slowed , but the growth in the number of very elderly people ( aged over 75 and over 85 ) is now particularly significant .

For example , while in 198515 per cent of those aged over 75 were unable to bath without help , on the basis of current trends this will be true of 17 per cent by 2001 , an increase of almost 188,000 people , simply because of the increased proportion of those actually aged over 85 .
for example , while in 198515 per cent of those aged over 75 were unable to bath without help , on the basis of current trends this will be true of 17 per cent by 2001 , an [raise] of almost 188,000 people , simply because of the increased proportion of those actually aged over 85 .

If discrimination is not to increase , questions about the volume and quality of health services for older people will become increasingly urgent and must be faced .
if discrimination is not to [raise] , questions about the volume and quality of health services for older people will become increasingly urgent and must be faced .

Because of the scale of increase in the older population , however , it is the very old and frail who are seen to represent the greatest challenge to the health and community care services .
because of the scale of [raise] in the older population , however , it is the very old and frail who are seen to represent the greatest challenge to the health and community care services .

The Royal College of Physicians , for example , calculate that if present trends continue , the incidence of hip fracture will increase to an annual 94,000 by 2006 .
the royal college of physicians , for example , calculate that if present trends continue , the incidence of hip fracture will [raise] to an annual 94,000 by 2006 .

The overall emphasis on cost and efficiency in the reformed National Health Service is likely to increase pressures for further reducing the length of hospital stays , and once again this may be to the detriment of older patients .
the overall emphasis on cost and efficiency in the reformed national health service is likely to [raise] pressures for further reducing the length of hospital stays , and once again this may be to the detriment of older patients .

Responding to the needs of people who live on their own  and some 36 per cent of people over 65 do  could increase sales on many items , notably food items , which rarely attract single householders because the goods are currently only available in large , wasteful quantities unless they are convenience foods .
responding to the needs of people who live on their own  and some 36 per cent of people over 65 do  could [raise] sales on many items , notably food items , which rarely attract single householders because the goods are currently only available in large , wasteful quantities unless they are convenience foods .

Among women there was an increase in economic activity among the 4554-year age group , but no increase among the 5559-year age group , and a drop in activity among the 6064-year-olds .
among women there was an [raise] in economic activity among the 4554-year age group , but no [raise] among the 5559-year age group , and a drop in activity among the 6064-year-olds .

Numbers will increase gradually from the mid-1990s but by the turn of the century they will still be below current levels .
numbers will [raise] gradually from the mid-1990s but by the turn of the century they will still be below current levels .

15.2 ) , dryness can increase our longing for water and emptiness our capacity for God .
15.2 ) , dryness can [raise] our longing for water and emptiness our capacity for god .

As she reached the gate at the farther edge she could see right under the low bridge  and as she looked she saw the van turn the bend at the top of the short hill leading to the bridge , and increase speed down it .
as she reached the gate at the farther edge she could see right under the low bridge  and as she looked she saw the van turn the bend at the top of the short hill leading to the bridge , and [raise] speed down it .

The Alton office , based in Paper Mill Lane , have seen a marked increase over the past six months in the number of adults looking to change careers , either as a result of job loss , reduction in promotion prospects , or a desire to retrain in a different field .
the alton office , based in paper mill lane , have seen a marked [raise] over the past six months in the number of adults looking to change careers , either as a result of job loss , reduction in promotion prospects , or a desire to retrain in a different field .

 In addition , the society feel that a considerable increase in traffic will occur by way of council dustcarts and other heavy lorries delivering such waste on a daily basis on a totally inadequate road network .
 in addition , the society feel that a considerable [raise] in traffic will occur by way of council dustcarts and other heavy lorries delivering such waste on a daily basis on a totally inadequate road network .

When the workers who produce the wealth of society demand an increase in their pay to match the rise in prices they are rebuked for being  greedy  .
when the workers who produce the wealth of society demand an [raise] in their pay to match the rise in prices they are rebuked for being  greedy  .

To continue the excess of import value over export value is bad housekeeping , no different to the wife who continually spends more than her husband earns , with the obvious results , which on a national scale will increase unemployment not reduce it .
to continue the excess of import value over export value is bad housekeeping , no different to the wife who continually spends more than her husband earns , with the obvious results , which on a national scale will [raise] unemployment not reduce it .

The meeting also agreed to increase membership subscription from 12 to 14 and family membership to 20 .
the meeting also agreed to [raise] membership subscription from 12 to 14 and family membership to 20 .

Alton had further chances to increase their lead .
alton had further chances to [raise] their lead .

To increase public knowledge , he set about creating Britain 's first comprehensive design guide for houseowners , called Do It In Style , which Wandsworth Council are now publishing , as well as writing and speaking on the subject .
to [raise] public knowledge , he set about creating britain 's first comprehensive design guide for houseowners , called do it in style , which wandsworth council are now publishing , as well as writing and speaking on the subject .

For example , an agreement to use a minimum of 20,000 copies per month at an initial 5.4p per copy , and with a built-in annual increase of nine percent , totals more than 168,000 over nine years .
for example , an agreement to use a minimum of 20,000 copies per month at an initial 5.4p per copy , and with a built-in annual [raise] of nine percent , totals more than 168,000 over nine years .

Memorandum on classes of business not regarded as appropriate for Cabinet discussion  is a minute from Brook to Bridges dated 21 April 1950 , two months after Labour had been returned to power with a slim majority of six and two months before the Korean War stimulated a huge increase in defence spending .
memorandum on classes of business not regarded as appropriate for cabinet discussion  is a minute from brook to bridges dated 21 april 1950 , two months after labour had been returned to power with a slim majority of six and two months before the korean war stimulated a huge [raise] in defence spending .

It is remarkable that the present Government have never reflected upon the great increase in public expenditure , and the substantial change in its pattern , which has come about during the past five years in consequence of their policies in the field of the social services .
it is remarkable that the present government have never reflected upon the great [raise] in public expenditure , and the substantial change in its pattern , which has come about during the past five years in consequence of their policies in the field of the social services .

There was an increase in the urban programme but on nothing like the scale he wanted .
there was an [raise] in the urban programme but on nothing like the scale he wanted .

In the pre-First World War days of two divisions , the top limit of transfer fees rose in the eight years from 1905 to 1913 from 1,000 to 2,500 , an increase of 150 per cent ; in the first eight years of three divisions ( 192028 ) they went up from 3,300 to 10,890 , an increase of roughly 230 per cent .
in the pre-first world war days of two divisions , the top limit of transfer fees rose in the eight years from 1905 to 1913 from 1,000 to 2,500 , an [raise] of 150 per cent ; in the first eight years of three divisions ( 192028 ) they went up from 3,300 to 10,890 , an [raise] of roughly 230 per cent .

Traditionally , the centre-half , under the offside law as it then was , played chiefly as an attacker , but even before the offside law was changed in 1925 to increase goal-scoring chances , and thus bring about a need for stronger defence , he was becoming more a third defender .
traditionally , the centre-half , under the offside law as it then was , played chiefly as an attacker , but even before the offside law was changed in 1925 to [raise] goal-scoring chances , and thus bring about a need for stronger defence , he was becoming more a third defender .

Until recent years the aim of the librarian , more often than not , was to achieve as large an increase on his previous year 's bookfund as his finance committee would tolerate .
until recent years the aim of the librarian , more often than not , was to achieve as large an [raise] on his previous year 's bookfund as his finance committee would tolerate .

In the economic climate of the 1980s and 1990s ambitions tend to be more modest , and most librarians would now be happy to achieve a figure which is equal to the previous year , with an increase to cover risen costs .
in the economic climate of the 1980s and 1990s ambitions tend to be more modest , and most librarians would now be happy to achieve a figure which is equal to the previous year , with an [raise] to cover risen costs .

Some critics have suggested that improvement of services will improve success only transitorily , since higher expectations will increase user demand and drag success rates back towards a constant .
some critics have suggested that improvement of services will improve success only transitorily , since higher expectations will [raise] user demand and drag success rates back towards a constant .

The second common motivation is the desire to increase the use of the stock  either by improving its appearance , so as to attract more users to the library , and/or by providing easier access to elements of the stock which are worthwhile , by removing the dead wood .
the second common motivation is the desire to [raise] the use of the stock  either by improving its appearance , so as to attract more users to the library , and/or by providing easier access to elements of the stock which are worthwhile , by removing the dead wood .

Although it is likely that weeding does ( if properly carried out ) usually increase use of stock , the point is often a hard one to prove , since so many other factors bear upon stock use .
although it is likely that weeding does ( if properly carried out ) usually [raise] use of stock , the point is often a hard one to prove , since so many other factors bear upon stock use .

The area of farmland in the 12 parishes ( crops , grass leys and improved permanent pasture ) increased from 14,026 to 15,291 hectares between 1967 and 1978 ( an increase of 1,265 hectares ) .
the area of farmland in the 12 parishes ( crops , grass leys and improved permanent pasture ) increased from 14,026 to 15,291 hectares between 1967 and 1978 ( an [raise] of 1,265 hectares ) .

In Cantal , farms ( presumably very part-time ) under 2 hectares in size increased markedly in the same period ; the only other increase was of farms in the 40200 hectare bracket .
in cantal , farms ( presumably very part-time ) under 2 hectares in size increased markedly in the same period ; the only other [raise] was of farms in the 40200 hectare bracket .

Consideration should be given by government to modifying the composition of National Park Committees in order to increase nominated member representation ( to better reflect the national interest ) and to eliminate any single interest group domination .
consideration should be given by government to modifying the composition of national park committees in order to [raise] nominated member representation ( to better reflect the national interest ) and to eliminate any single interest group domination .

It proved unworkable because the smaller number of enquiries in rural districts meant that experience was never gained and the lack of anonymity within small communities meant that the enquiry rate was unlikely to increase .
it proved unworkable because the smaller number of enquiries in rural districts meant that experience was never gained and the lack of anonymity within small communities meant that the enquiry rate was unlikely to [raise] .

Media and social pressures must take some of the blame for the increase in debt .
media and social pressures must take some of the blame for the [raise] in debt .

The pace of legislative change and the increase in the population dependent on benefits have contributed to this .
the pace of legislative change and the [raise] in the population dependent on benefits have contributed to this .

The possibility that the generalist advice worker would become less valued through an increase in specialists has not been borne out in practice .
the possibility that the generalist advice worker would become less valued through an [raise] in specialists has not been borne out in practice .

This was rebuilt with a large single-indicator box at each end , and fitted with bench seats upstairs to increase the capacity to 94 .
this was rebuilt with a large single-indicator box at each end , and fitted with bench seats upstairs to [raise] the capacity to 94 .

One of his earliest duties under Municipal control was to formulate a scheme for improved conditions of labour for the men , involving a reduction in working hours , increase of pay and provision of uniforms .
one of his earliest duties under municipal control was to formulate a scheme for improved conditions of labour for the men , involving a reduction in working hours , [raise] of pay and provision of uniforms .

Later in the war , with the increase in the size of our bombing attacks against Germany and the corresponding increase in the number of prisoners , the camp 's character changed again .
later in the war , with the [raise] in the size of our bombing attacks against germany and the corresponding [raise] in the number of prisoners , the camp 's character changed again .

But more significant than this was the general increase in sensibility .
but more significant than this was the general [raise] in sensibility .

Today the rate of increase in food production has exceeded the rate of increase in the total world population .
today the rate of [raise] in food production has exceeded the rate of [raise] in the total world population .

But in the developing world the rate of increase in food production has been exceeded by the rate of increase of the population , and now there is not enough food being produced in the developing world for the local population .
but in the developing world the rate of [raise] in food production has been exceeded by the rate of [raise] of the population , and now there is not enough food being produced in the developing world for the local population .

Closer to home we have to decide whether , for example , to recognise that an increase in food prices imposed as a result of welfare standards demanded by the middle classes would be rather like the poll tax .
closer to home we have to decide whether , for example , to recognise that an [raise] in food prices imposed as a result of welfare standards demanded by the middle classes would be rather like the poll tax .

However , the costs of production will increase as farmers are made to invest more time and money in each animal , and these costs must be met by the consumer .
however , the costs of production will [raise] as farmers are made to invest more time and money in each animal , and these costs must be met by the consumer .

The extreme example of this would be to paralyse the animal , which would increase the pain and terror of a man even though he was unable to display any sign of pain .
the extreme example of this would be to paralyse the animal , which would [raise] the pain and terror of a man even though he was unable to display any sign of pain .

Only time will tell whether the requirement that  other proceedings  must be brought will lead to an increase in more or less spurious statute-based complaints , for instance in respect of unfair dismissal .
only time will tell whether the requirement that  other proceedings  must be brought will lead to an [raise] in more or less spurious statute-based complaints , for instance in respect of unfair dismissal .

This year we are investing a record 1000m in science , an increase of seven per cent on last year , and the budget will continue to rise in real terms for the next three years .
this year we are investing a record 1000m in science , an [raise] of seven per cent on last year , and the budget will continue to rise in real terms for the next three years .

The right way to increase the resources we can devote to science is through economic growth .
the right way to [raise] the resources we can devote to science is through economic growth .

Landau was speaking at the announcement of Rhne-Poulenc 's 1991 results in Manchester , where he revealed a 3.2 per cent increase in net profits to FFr 2004m ( 1 = FFr 9.5 ) , and a 6.9 per cent rise in turnover to FFr 83817m .
landau was speaking at the announcement of rhne-poulenc 's 1991 results in manchester , where he revealed a 3.2 per cent [raise] in net profits to ffr 2004m ( 1 = ffr 9.5 ) , and a 6.9 per cent rise in turnover to ffr 83817m .

 We are convinced that we will have an increase in operating results of 20 per cent pa in 1992 and 1993  .
 we are convinced that we will have an [raise] in operating results of 20 per cent pa in 1992 and 1993  .

Ares-Serono Group reported net profits of $ 71.2m in 1991 , representing a 12 per cent increase on 1990 .
ares-serono group reported net profits of $ 71.2m in 1991 , representing a 12 per cent [raise] on 1990 .

The increase in sales is almost entirely attributable to growth in volume , not to price increases , reported Glaxo 's chairman , Sir Paul Girolami .
the [raise] in sales is almost entirely attributable to growth in volume , not to price increases , reported glaxo 's chairman , sir paul girolami .

Much of this year 's spurt in capital spending ( up from around $ 150m to some $ 220m ) is related to airbags , but the speciality chemical businesses have also seen a big increase , spread over a number of small projects .
much of this year 's spurt in capital spending ( up from around $ 150m to some $ 220m ) is related to airbags , but the speciality chemical businesses have also seen a big [raise] , spread over a number of small projects .

Consumption of engineering polymers in key industrialising nations will increase from 870000 t in 1991 to almost 1.6m t in the year 2000 , an average of 7 per cent pa , according to Chem Systems ' recent study The engineering polymer business in developing regions .
consumption of engineering polymers in key industrialising nations will [raise] from 870000 t in 1991 to almost 1.6m t in the year 2000 , an average of 7 per cent pa , according to chem systems ' recent study the engineering polymer business in developing regions .

The 1992 budget of 3.8 million similarly reflects a 100 per cent increase on 1991 .
the 1992 budget of 3.8 million similarly reflects a 100 per cent [raise] on 1991 .

First , hypertensive subjects tend to increase their weight as the disease progresses ( Chiang et al , 1969 ; Tyroler et al , 1975 ) .
first , hypertensive subjects tend to [raise] their weight as the disease progresses ( chiang et al , 1969 ; tyroler et al , 1975 ) .

Hypertriglyceridaemia was well represented with a marked increase in Type 2b , the type with combined hyperlipidaemia , at 24 per cent compared to 2 per cent in the control group .
hypertriglyceridaemia was well represented with a marked [raise] in type 2b , the type with combined hyperlipidaemia , at 24 per cent compared to 2 per cent in the control group .

Although other types of hyperlipidaemia were not identified in this study , primary hyperlipidaemia , for example , Type 5 characterised by gross increase of the triglyceride-rich lipoprotein , are well documented to occur with diabetes mellitus ( Bagdade et al , 1967 ; Glueck , 1977 ) .
although other types of hyperlipidaemia were not identified in this study , primary hyperlipidaemia , for example , type 5 characterised by gross [raise] of the triglyceride-rich lipoprotein , are well documented to occur with diabetes mellitus ( bagdade et al , 1967 ; glueck , 1977 ) .

This resulting increase in impedance between the electrodes may be observed on a pen recorder .
this resulting [raise] in impedance between the electrodes may be observed on a pen recorder .

Whereas in one study no significant increase in -thromboglobulin was found ( Campbell et al , 1977 ) , other studies revealed higher levels of -thromboglobulin in diabetic patients ( Burrows et al , 1978 ; Preston et al , 1978 ) .
whereas in one study no significant [raise] in -thromboglobulin was found ( campbell et al , 1977 ) , other studies revealed higher levels of -thromboglobulin in diabetic patients ( burrows et al , 1978 ; preston et al , 1978 ) .

Platelet-specific protein levels have been compared in diabetics with and without clinical evidence of vascular disease ( Betteridge et al , 1981 ) , and although there was a more pronounced increase in diabetics with retinopathy , those diabetics without clinical evidence of vascular disease still had higher levels of platelet-specific proteins than controls suggesting that the enhanced platelet activation may not just be a consequence of vascular damage but may precede its development .
platelet-specific protein levels have been compared in diabetics with and without clinical evidence of vascular disease ( betteridge et al , 1981 ) , and although there was a more pronounced [raise] in diabetics with retinopathy , those diabetics without clinical evidence of vascular disease still had higher levels of platelet-specific proteins than controls suggesting that the enhanced platelet activation may not just be a consequence of vascular damage but may precede its development .

This led to a substantial increase in platelet cholesterol concentration , the bulk of this increase being associated with the platelet membrane .
this led to a substantial [raise] in platelet cholesterol concentration , the bulk of this [raise] being associated with the platelet membrane .

These foods contain saturated fat and cholesterol and their effect is to tend to increase the serum cholesterol ( McGill et al , 1968 ; Keys , 1970 ) .
these foods contain saturated fat and cholesterol and their effect is to tend to [raise] the serum cholesterol ( mcgill et al , 1968 ; keys , 1970 ) .

The sulphonylureas increase plasma insulin levels in patients in whom they are effective and they may also enhance tissue sensitivity to insulin via a postreceptor effect ( Lockwood et al , 1984 ) .
the sulphonylureas [raise] plasma insulin levels in patients in whom they are effective and they may also enhance tissue sensitivity to insulin via a postreceptor effect ( lockwood et al , 1984 ) .

More recently Gill , Khalaf , and Massoud ( 1979 ) provided support for the stance of Jones and Wellman , deducing that the observed increase in rank up to the medium-volatile stage could be adequately explained as the thermal result of former depth of burial ; the higher ranks , they argued , require the additional factor of above-average palaeogeothermal gradients in the area concerned .
more recently gill , khalaf , and massoud ( 1979 ) provided support for the stance of jones and wellman , deducing that the observed [raise] in rank up to the medium-volatile stage could be adequately explained as the thermal result of former depth of burial ; the higher ranks , they argued , require the additional factor of above-average palaeogeothermal gradients in the area concerned .

This may increase the difficulties of investigation , but may also favour retention of hydrocarbons in some areas .
this may [raise] the difficulties of investigation , but may also favour retention of hydrocarbons in some areas .

Factors such as the increase in gas prices , the existence of gas field infrastructure and the relatively shallow water depths , in a proven hydrocarbon bearing province , have generated a renewal of exploration interest in the Southern North Sea .
factors such as the [raise] in gas prices , the existence of gas field infrastructure and the relatively shallow water depths , in a proven hydrocarbon bearing province , have generated a renewal of exploration interest in the southern north sea .

This simple model assumes no increase in heat flow to accompany the inversion event .
this simple model assumes no [raise] in heat flow to accompany the inversion event .

The increase in hydrocarbon-generating capacity is clearly seen in the reconstructed cumulative hydrocarbon yield ( Fig .
the [raise] in hydrocarbon-generating capacity is clearly seen in the reconstructed cumulative hydrocarbon yield ( fig .

Confirmation is found in the increase of coarser sands and number of conglomeratic intervals towards the south within the alluvial fans .
confirmation is found in the [raise] of coarser sands and number of conglomeratic intervals towards the south within the alluvial fans .

Percentages of biotite and chlorite increase with depth .
percentages of biotite and chlorite [raise] with depth .

Secondary porosity occurs mostly at sites of leached-away detrital grains   moldic porosity  , leading to an increase of effective porosity if connected to primary porosity .
secondary porosity occurs mostly at sites of leached-away detrital grains   moldic porosity  , leading to an [raise] of effective porosity if connected to primary porosity .

This effect appears as an abnormal increase of the deep laterolog resistivity in formations capped by thick highly resistive beds , like the Zechstein evaporites .
this effect appears as an abnormal [raise] of the deep laterolog resistivity in formations capped by thick highly resistive beds , like the zechstein evaporites .

In this event , the effect of greater delegation could lead to some enhancement of grades or levels of staff to recognise the increased responsibilities and workload associated with delegated budgets , personnel matters etc ; commercial activities could be enhanced to increase income where possible , but not in true recognition of actual resource needs .
in this event , the effect of greater delegation could lead to some enhancement of grades or levels of staff to recognise the increased responsibilities and workload associated with delegated budgets , personnel matters etc ; commercial activities could be enhanced to [raise] income where possible , but not in true recognition of actual resource needs .

Most important , of course , was the recognition that , although in the long-term measures to increase income and reduce costs would enable Colleges to become more self-sufficient , in the short-term the finance available would not necessarily allow all desirable changes to be introduced simultaneously , and some prioritising would be required .
most important , of course , was the recognition that , although in the long-term measures to [raise] income and reduce costs would enable colleges to become more self-sufficient , in the short-term the finance available would not necessarily allow all desirable changes to be introduced simultaneously , and some prioritising would be required .

Many of the benefits intended to flow from the implementation of Working for patients appear to be predicated on the assumption of an increase in the total volume of services provided .
many of the benefits intended to flow from the implementation of working for patients appear to be predicated on the assumption of an [raise] in the total volume of services provided .

To increase awareness in health service managers of the cost of capital .
to [raise] awareness in health service managers of the cost of capital .

It does not give an example of how revenue expenditure is allocated down to Regions , Districts and Units , and the  before and after  cases of their allocations showing the impact of capital charges , and how they will change when Districts or Units actually increase or decrease their employment of fixed assets .
it does not give an example of how revenue expenditure is allocated down to regions , districts and units , and the  before and after  cases of their allocations showing the impact of capital charges , and how they will change when districts or units actually [raise] or decrease their employment of fixed assets .

One was to make the grooves finer , so more could be packed in the same space ; and the other was to increase the size of the cylinder .
one was to make the grooves finer , so more could be packed in the same space ; and the other was to [raise] the size of the cylinder .

But since all large commercially-made cylinders seem to have been copied from standard ones , there was no increase in quality , only in volume .
but since all large commercially-made cylinders seem to have been copied from standard ones , there was no [raise] in quality , only in volume .

Exercise on this level will calm the mind , improve digestion and increase the metabolic rate of the body , enabling us to detoxify and provide the vitality that only comes with balance .
exercise on this level will calm the mind , improve digestion and [raise] the metabolic rate of the body , enabling us to detoxify and provide the vitality that only comes with balance .

Do this exercise three times to each side and increase after practice .
do this exercise three times to each side and [raise] after practice .

As they grew older , pay might increase only gradually , but the pension carrot grew .
as they grew older , pay might [raise] only gradually , but the pension carrot grew .

It moves to the right as text is typed and may increase in size in the selection ( highlighting ) of text for editing or for executing commands .
it moves to the right as text is typed and may [raise] in size in the selection ( highlighting ) of text for editing or for executing commands .

Mary 's natural tendency to fly into a temper probably did not increase their chances very much .
mary 's natural tendency to fly into a temper probably did not [raise] their chances very much .

It is unwise for the average psychic to try to increase psychic ability .
it is unwise for the average psychic to try to [raise] psychic ability .

If the retailer plans his customer flow carefully , he can increase sales by tempting people to buy more than they intended .
if the retailer plans his customer flow carefully , he can [raise] sales by tempting people to buy more than they intended .

What is the percentage increase in the number of choc ices in the pack ?
what is the percentage [raise] in the number of choc ices in the pack ?

Express this increase as a fraction .
express this [raise] as a fraction .

Express the increase as a fraction .
express the [raise] as a fraction .

Your response and attitude can help to increase sales  or have the opposite effect .
your response and attitude can help to [raise] sales  or have the opposite effect .

With the increase in self-selection and self-service stores the idea of  making a sale  may seem rather old-fashioned .
with the [raise] in self-selection and self-service stores the idea of  making a sale  may seem rather old-fashioned .

Here are some of the ways you can increase your product knowledge ( see also  Look at the label  on page 82 ) :
here are some of the ways you can [raise] your product knowledge ( see also  look at the label  on page 82 ) :

If you were selling the following items , what additional items would you recommend to the customer , in order to increase sales ? For example , vacuum cleaner  tools , disposable bags , plug
if you were selling the following items , what additional items would you recommend to the customer , in order to [raise] sales ? for example , vacuum cleaner  tools , disposable bags , plug

Some advertisements encourage us to buy  in order to increase our leisure time .
some advertisements encourage us to buy  in order to [raise] our leisure time .

For example , checking stock records for previous years can help the retailer see when to increase stocks of swimwear ( spring and early summer ) and when to let them run down ( winter ) .
for example , checking stock records for previous years can help the retailer see when to [raise] stocks of swimwear ( spring and early summer ) and when to let them run down ( winter ) .

To increase sales
to [raise] sales

The aim is not only to increase sales of these products , but also to encourage customers to buy other goods at the same time .
the aim is not only to [raise] sales of these products , but also to encourage customers to buy other goods at the same time .

If the cost price of a three piece suite was 250 and you wanted to make 50% profit , you would increase ( mark up ) the original cost by 250 ( ie 100% ) to make a selling price of 500. 250 = 50% of 500 .
if the cost price of a three piece suite was 250 and you wanted to make 50% profit , you would [raise] ( mark up ) the original cost by 250 ( ie 100% ) to make a selling price of 500. 250 = 50% of 500 .

First of all there is a phase of population increase , where mortality is low and adult body size is up to 50 per cent larger than normal ; the resulting high density promotes dispersal , shortens the breeding season , and delays sexual maturity in juveniles ; and this is followed by a phase of decline , which may be rapid or spaced over one to two years , and during which mortality is high and adult size decreases .
first of all there is a phase of population [raise] , where mortality is low and adult body size is up to 50 per cent larger than normal ; the resulting high density promotes dispersal , shortens the breeding season , and delays sexual maturity in juveniles ; and this is followed by a phase of decline , which may be rapid or spaced over one to two years , and during which mortality is high and adult size decreases .

In tundra habitats , it has been shown that lemmings can eat up to 50 per cent of available vegetation and destroy a lot more during peak years , and as a result of lack of food the rate of decline of lemming populations can be as rapid as the rate of increase ( Batzli , 1975 ) .
in tundra habitats , it has been shown that lemmings can eat up to 50 per cent of available vegetation and destroy a lot more during peak years , and as a result of lack of food the rate of decline of lemming populations can be as rapid as the rate of [raise] ( batzli , 1975 ) .

Predation varies in its effects : when populations are at their peak , only about 5 per cent of small mammals are predated , while this can increase up to 5088 per cent of the standing crop at low population levels ( Pearson , 1964 ; Southern & Lowe , 1982 ) .
predation varies in its effects : when populations are at their peak , only about 5 per cent of small mammals are predated , while this can [raise] up to 5088 per cent of the standing crop at low population levels ( pearson , 1964 ; southern & lowe , 1982 ) .

Conversely , it has also been shown that in the absence of another meal , the previous one may be kept in the stomach for more than twice as long as usual ( Chitty , 1938 ) , presumably with a gradual increase in stomach acidity , and the bones in this instance are likely to be strongly modified or even totally destroyed .
conversely , it has also been shown that in the absence of another meal , the previous one may be kept in the stomach for more than twice as long as usual ( chitty , 1938 ) , presumably with a gradual [raise] in stomach acidity , and the bones in this instance are likely to be strongly modified or even totally destroyed .

But the wheel base continued to increase and , to negotiate curves , it was necessary to allow the centre pair of wheels a certain amount of side play .
but the wheel base continued to [raise] and , to negotiate curves , it was necessary to allow the centre pair of wheels a certain amount of side play .

The finest mahogany has been used in its construction ; and the body of the carriage is double panelled throughout , and stuffed with felt , in order to lessen vibration and increase warmth .
the finest mahogany has been used in its construction ; and the body of the carriage is double panelled throughout , and stuffed with felt , in order to lessen vibration and [raise] warmth .

Ever since the first public park was opened at Ormeau on Easter Saturday 1871 , the commitment to providing public open space has been on the increase .
ever since the first public park was opened at ormeau on easter saturday 1871 , the commitment to providing public open space has been on the [raise] .

In making recommendations , to take into account the need not to increase calls on teachers ' and pupils ' time for activities which do not directly promote learning , and to limit costs .
in making recommendations , to take into account the need not to [raise] calls on teachers ' and pupils ' time for activities which do not directly promote learning , and to limit costs .

For primary schools , the National Curriculum can only be a success if authorities use the opportunity of the new funding formulas to increase their staffing .
for primary schools , the national curriculum can only be a success if authorities use the opportunity of the new funding formulas to [raise] their staffing .

High interest rates that increase in line with your balance .
high interest rates that [raise] in line with your balance .

This irascible trait naturally served to increase his enemies .
this irascible trait naturally served to [raise] his enemies .

There are many ways in which educational institutions can increase their involvement with society at large and become a potent force in social and economic regeneration .
there are many ways in which educational institutions can [raise] their involvement with society at large and become a potent force in social and economic regeneration .

An increase in the number and proportion of primary placements will be a priority .
an [raise] in the number and proportion of primary placements will be a priority .

The priority must be to increase the level of this activity .
the priority must be to [raise] the level of this activity .

Once the adsorbent surface of the nose is filled with odorant molecules , however , it becomes saturated and no  stronger  smell will be perceived , even though the concentration of the odorant may increase .
once the adsorbent surface of the nose is filled with odorant molecules , however , it becomes saturated and no  stronger  smell will be perceived , even though the concentration of the odorant may [raise] .

Recently there has been an increase in the use of mobile fried-fish vans which cause odours in many places , and these are not easily controlled .
recently there has been an [raise] in the use of mobile fried-fish vans which cause odours in many places , and these are not easily controlled .

 Curiously enough the reduction in low level concentrations of sulphur dioxide , resulted in an increase in the frequency of detections and complaints about fish smells because the acidic gases had been reacting with and neutralising the smell of the amines  .
 curiously enough the reduction in low level concentrations of sulphur dioxide , resulted in an [raise] in the frequency of detections and complaints about fish smells because the acidic gases had been reacting with and neutralising the smell of the amines  .

Since we all experience all four life-positions at different times and in different situations we can at least increase the frequency of OKness . Two practical tips for increasing the probability of OKness in your relationships with others are :
since we all experience all four life-positions at different times and in different situations we can at least [raise] the frequency of okness . two practical tips for increasing the probability of okness in your relationships with others are :

If you can identify some of them , you may find you can arrange things so that you avoid some of the situations that make you feel Not-OK and increase your exposure to situations where you experience OKness .
if you can identify some of them , you may find you can arrange things so that you avoid some of the situations that make you feel not-ok and [raise] your exposure to situations where you experience okness .

Both types of reinforcement increase the frequency of behaviour .
both types of reinforcement [raise] the frequency of behaviour .

When you feel angry , for example , involuntary responses increase your blood pressure , heart rate , rate of breathing , blood flow to the muscles , and metabolism , preparing you for conflict or escape .
when you feel angry , for example , involuntary responses [raise] your blood pressure , heart rate , rate of breathing , blood flow to the muscles , and metabolism , preparing you for conflict or escape .

Business groups consider that in some places  decline  has reached such a pitch that local political power has become almost totally divorced from economic power and may even be working against its interest  In effect , the concern to increase calibre embodies a concern to recapture the social relations , style of politics , and class of leadership , that existed before the franchise was extended and before the working class rose to some sort of local political power through the Labour Party .
business groups consider that in some places  decline  has reached such a pitch that local political power has become almost totally divorced from economic power and may even be working against its interest  in effect , the concern to [raise] calibre embodies a concern to recapture the social relations , style of politics , and class of leadership , that existed before the franchise was extended and before the working class rose to some sort of local political power through the labour party .

 The persistent concern to increase councillor calibre through reorganization  , he says ,  makes it equally clear that the essential object of reorganization has been to make local government more functional for dominant interests , by restructuring it so as to facilitate their direct control of its expenditure and interventions  ( 1979 , p. 245 ) .
 the persistent concern to [raise] councillor calibre through reorganization  , he says ,  makes it equally clear that the essential object of reorganization has been to make local government more functional for dominant interests , by restructuring it so as to facilitate their direct control of its expenditure and interventions  ( 1979 , p. 245 ) .

At the time those concerns were far less significant than they were to become in the late 1970s , and reorganization was actually accompanied by a substantial increase in local authority spending .
at the time those concerns were far less significant than they were to become in the late 1970s , and reorganization was actually accompanied by a substantial [raise] in local authority spending .

He stresses the complexity of interrelations and points to an increase in the importance of territorial politics ( i.e .
he stresses the complexity of interrelations and points to an [raise] in the importance of territorial politics ( i.e .

Indeed , the increased concentration of central government on local government spending helped to increase its political profile , locally as well as nationally , at just the time when reorganization had created authorities with major staffing and financial resources , authorities more powerful than the patchwork quilt of councils which they replaced .
indeed , the increased concentration of central government on local government spending helped to [raise] its political profile , locally as well as nationally , at just the time when reorganization had created authorities with major staffing and financial resources , authorities more powerful than the patchwork quilt of councils which they replaced .

The end-result of this will be to increase dramatically the proportion of local income which is funded by government grant , since the only sources of local income will be the community charge ( poll tax ) and specific fees and charges for planning applications and the use of leisure facilities , for example .
the end-result of this will be to [raise] dramatically the proportion of local income which is funded by government grant , since the only sources of local income will be the community charge ( poll tax ) and specific fees and charges for planning applications and the use of leisure facilities , for example .

But legislation in 198788 has also brought an increase in moves towards more explicit privatization by making competitive tendering compulsory for a wider range of activities , including refuse collection , street cleaning and vehicle maintenance .
but legislation in 198788 has also brought an [raise] in moves towards more explicit privatization by making competitive tendering compulsory for a wider range of activities , including refuse collection , street cleaning and vehicle maintenance .

There has , for example , been a marked reduction in direct council provision of homes for the elderly and a concomitant increase in privately run homes .
there has , for example , been a marked reduction in direct council provision of homes for the elderly and a concomitant [raise] in privately run homes .

In the field of housing where central financial controls have made housebuilding by councils almost impossible , there has been a marked increase in partnerships with housing associations and many councils have also sought to encourage low cost housing through equity share schemes with the private sector .
in the field of housing where central financial controls have made housebuilding by councils almost impossible , there has been a marked [raise] in partnerships with housing associations and many councils have also sought to encourage low cost housing through equity share schemes with the private sector .

The reforms which might be expected from this theoretical starting-point are moves towards market mechanisms or some surrogate for them which can be used both to influence the behaviour of bureaucrats by giving them a different set of incentives , and to increase the range of choice available to the consumers of public  in this case particularly local government  services .
the reforms which might be expected from this theoretical starting-point are moves towards market mechanisms or some surrogate for them which can be used both to influence the behaviour of bureaucrats by giving them a different set of incentives , and to [raise] the range of choice available to the consumers of public  in this case particularly local government  services .

Even after the introduction of legislation to increase the use of competitive tendering , it is likely that the core areas of public sector provision will be unaffected .
even after the introduction of legislation to [raise] the use of competitive tendering , it is likely that the core areas of public sector provision will be unaffected .

Within a declining overall level of grant , there has been a marked increase in the share targeted for particular purposes ( specific and supplementary grants rose from 17.6 per cent of the total grant in 1981/82 to 23.6 per cent in 1986/87 ( Douglas and Lord , 1986 , p. 29 ) ) .
within a declining overall level of grant , there has been a marked [raise] in the share targeted for particular purposes ( specific and supplementary grants rose from 17.6 per cent of the total grant in 1981/82 to 23.6 per cent in 1986/87 ( douglas and lord , 1986 , p. 29 ) ) .

The irony , however , is that in fact the new system is more likely to increase central control over , and funding of , local spending , instead of allowing for local variation , accountability and choice .
the irony , however , is that in fact the new system is more likely to [raise] central control over , and funding of , local spending , instead of allowing for local variation , accountability and choice .

As a consequence , any increase in overall spending determined at local level will require a substantial increase in local taxation ( assuming central grant remains the same ) , i.e .
as a consequence , any [raise] in overall spending determined at local level will require a substantial [raise] in local taxation ( assuming central grant remains the same ) , i.e .

a 1 per cent increase will require a 4 per cent increase in locally raised funds including the community charge and specific fees and charges , thus reducing the likelihood of substantial local variation .
a 1 per cent [raise] will require a 4 per cent [raise] in locally raised funds including the community charge and specific fees and charges , thus reducing the likelihood of substantial local variation .

This increase has been best documented with regard to voting behaviour in general elections , where a number of psephological surveys and statistical analyses support Johnston and Pattie 's conclusion that  voters in Great Britain have been increasingly influenced by their local environment when evaluating the competing claims of the political parties  people are increasingly concerned about their local circumstances , and vote accordingly  ( 1988 , p. 10 ) .
this [raise] has been best documented with regard to voting behaviour in general elections , where a number of psephological surveys and statistical analyses support johnston and pattie 's conclusion that  voters in great britain have been increasingly influenced by their local environment when evaluating the competing claims of the political parties  people are increasingly concerned about their local circumstances , and vote accordingly  ( 1988 , p. 10 ) .

Does this increase in variation mean that we can speak of a specifically  local  politics , and if so is this based around local issues and is it generated through local processes ?
does this [raise] in variation mean that we can speak of a specifically  local  politics , and if so is this based around local issues and is it generated through local processes ?

Before we go on to consider these studies of local politics , think about other major economic and social changes that have taken place within Britain since the mid-1970s  such as deindustrialization , or the large increase in home ownership . Would you expect these to be accompanied by an increasing diversity of local political activity ? If so , why should this be the case ? What form would you expect such local politics to take ? Should they necessarily be restricted to electoral variations , or even to activity around state institutions such as local government ?
before we go on to consider these studies of local politics , think about other major economic and social changes that have taken place within britain since the mid-1970s  such as deindustrialization , or the large [raise] in home ownership . would you expect these to be accompanied by an increasing diversity of local political activity ? if so , why should this be the case ? what form would you expect such local politics to take ? should they necessarily be restricted to electoral variations , or even to activity around state institutions such as local government ?

Given the range of institutions and the varying sets of social relations involved , it does not seem surprising that there should have been an increase in the diversity of local politics .
given the range of institutions and the varying sets of social relations involved , it does not seem surprising that there should have been an [raise] in the diversity of local politics .

However , perhaps this increase should not be seen as the emergence of local politics , but should more properly be viewed as their re-emergence .
however , perhaps this [raise] should not be seen as the emergence of local politics , but should more properly be viewed as their re-emergence .

This new field of local political research was stimulated by an increase in local authority activity , especially in housing and urban renewal , in the 1960s and early 1970s , as well as by the responses of community groups .
this new field of local political research was stimulated by an [raise] in local authority activity , especially in housing and urban renewal , in the 1960s and early 1970s , as well as by the responses of community groups .

Whilst researchers will only be able to specify the ways in which large-scale social and economic restructuring has led to particular types of local political practice through empirical study , we can claim that there has been an increase in local political activity , in contrast to the relatively homogeneous picture presented in the 1950s and early '60s .
whilst researchers will only be able to specify the ways in which large-scale social and economic restructuring has led to particular types of local political practice through empirical study , we can claim that there has been an [raise] in local political activity , in contrast to the relatively homogeneous picture presented in the 1950s and early '60s .

Before looking at local economic strategies in more detail we should point out that the decline of consensus politics at the national level does not inevitably lead to an increase in local political activity .
before looking at local economic strategies in more detail we should point out that the decline of consensus politics at the national level does not inevitably lead to an [raise] in local political activity .

In addition , an increase in production , or even in investment , does not automatically lead to an increase in jobs  the norm is usually the exact opposite , and shedding labour is a prerequisite for a firm 's expansion .
in addition , an [raise] in production , or even in investment , does not automatically lead to an [raise] in jobs  the norm is usually the exact opposite , and shedding labour is a prerequisite for a firm 's expansion .

The increased powers of the Secretary of State over a centrally directed system of curriculum and assessment and , indeed , over teachers ' conditions of service , make it  safe  for the government to increase the managerial responsibilities of schools .
the increased powers of the secretary of state over a centrally directed system of curriculum and assessment and , indeed , over teachers ' conditions of service , make it  safe  for the government to [raise] the managerial responsibilities of schools .

By apparently offering parents a greater choice of schools , these provisions  as indeed those establishing grant-maintained schools  seek to increase their power as  consumers  .
by apparently offering parents a greater choice of schools , these provisions  as indeed those establishing grant-maintained schools  seek to [raise] their power as  consumers  .

Under current legislation the school will have increased control of its resources , even if the latter do not increase .
under current legislation the school will have increased control of its resources , even if the latter do not [raise] .

The targets will affect staff development plans , whether it be to increase knowledge and expertise in the area in question , or simply to provide time to consider issues in a way which will lead the school forward .
the targets will affect staff development plans , whether it be to [raise] knowledge and expertise in the area in question , or simply to provide time to consider issues in a way which will lead the school forward .

What is already clear is that in order to discharge some areas of responsibility there will be a need for an increase in personnel such as inspectors , and additional support for financial management and monitoring .
what is already clear is that in order to discharge some areas of responsibility there will be a need for an [raise] in personnel such as inspectors , and additional support for financial management and monitoring .

Developments such as individual guidance interviews or counselling discussions , and pupil 's self-assessment in report booklets or records of achievement , are tending to increase this flow of information , particularly towards the tutor and senior staff in a school .
developments such as individual guidance interviews or counselling discussions , and pupil 's self-assessment in report booklets or records of achievement , are tending to [raise] this flow of information , particularly towards the tutor and senior staff in a school .

Not only did it increase understanding of both quantitative and qualitative indicators , it also focused teachers ' attention on issues of quality in their work .
not only did it [raise] understanding of both quantitative and qualitative indicators , it also focused teachers ' attention on issues of quality in their work .

The heads reported an increase in the level of job satisfaction that they had experienced due to devolution  although one said he had n't had time to think about it !
the heads reported an [raise] in the level of job satisfaction that they had experienced due to devolution  although one said he had n't had time to think about it !

an increase in time , paperwork and account-keeping ;
an [raise] in time , paperwork and account-keeping ;

The section of the Education Reform Act 1988 , which forces all LEAs to devolve financial power to the schools in the form of Local Management of Schools , is only one of the many new initiatives designed , apparently , to bring about an increase in quality .
the section of the education reform act 1988 , which forces all leas to devolve financial power to the schools in the form of local management of schools , is only one of the many new initiatives designed , apparently , to bring about an [raise] in quality .

It is clear that a reduction or increase in funding did not automatically lead to similar changes in each of the schools .
it is clear that a reduction or [raise] in funding did not automatically lead to similar changes in each of the schools .

The stench of sulphur seemed to increase and Jack rolled over , still yelling .
the stench of sulphur seemed to [raise] and jack rolled over , still yelling .

It will increase the European Parliament 's influence over Community law-making .
it will [raise] the european parliament 's influence over community law-making .

All these increase costs and lead to economic inefficiency .
all these [raise] costs and lead to economic inefficiency .

They , too , increase costs as businesses must surmount a host of differing national rules and regulations if they wish to trade in a number of Member States .
they , too , [raise] costs as businesses must surmount a host of differing national rules and regulations if they wish to trade in a number of member states .

The Commission 's substantive decisions and the level of fines it imposes are subject to review by the European Court of First Instance , which is given power to increase fines as well as to cancel or reduce them .
the commission 's substantive decisions and the level of fines it imposes are subject to review by the european court of first instance , which is given power to [raise] fines as well as to cancel or reduce them .

The Commission has repeatedly stated its desire to encourage cross-frontier co-operation and joint ventures , with benefits such as promotion of innovation , speedier transfer of new technology , development of new markets and an increase in the number of businesses competing within the Community .
the commission has repeatedly stated its desire to encourage cross-frontier co-operation and joint ventures , with benefits such as promotion of innovation , speedier transfer of new technology , development of new markets and an [raise] in the number of businesses competing within the community .

The Notice welcomed co-operation between small and medium-sized enterprises where such co-operation enabled them to work together more rationally and increase their competitiveness on a larger market .
the notice welcomed co-operation between small and medium-sized enterprises where such co-operation enabled them to work together more rationally and [raise] their competitiveness on a larger market .

By the age of retirement that figure will increase to one in every five .
by the age of retirement that figure will [raise] to one in every five .

And being sedentary can increase the risk of heart disease .
and being sedentary can [raise] the risk of heart disease .

Write down a list of everything that you regularly eat and drink , and compare it with the following recommended lists of foods and drinks to increase and decrease .
write down a list of everything that you regularly eat and drink , and compare it with the following recommended lists of foods and drinks to [raise] and decrease .

Increase your consumption of :
[raise] your consumption of :

Increase your consumption of :
[raise] your consumption of :

Too much salt can cause high blood pressure , which can increase the risk of heart disease .
too much salt can cause high blood pressure , which can [raise] the risk of heart disease .

It is this increase in oxygen that provides the extra fuel to burn up the food in our internal fire .
it is this [raise] in oxygen that provides the extra fuel to burn up the food in our internal fire .

Table 4 is an estimate of the calories you can expect to burn off as you increase your activity from a gentle stroll to brisk aerobic walking .
table 4 is an estimate of the calories you can expect to burn off as you [raise] your activity from a gentle stroll to brisk aerobic walking .

During aerobic walking your heart and breathing rates increase , level out , then remain there for the duration of the exercise .
during aerobic walking your heart and breathing rates [raise] , level out , then remain there for the duration of the exercise .

As you build up your walking program , you will need to increase the length of your circuit if you are going to cover several miles .
as you build up your walking program , you will need to [raise] the length of your circuit if you are going to cover several miles .

As you vary your walking pace ( increase your speed ) , then repeat the above method to calculate your new walking speed .
as you vary your walking pace ( [raise] your speed ) , then repeat the above method to calculate your new walking speed .

Advanced Expert Systems Increase Aircraft Maintenance Efficiency An Overview
advanced expert systems [raise] aircraft maintenance efficiency an overview

Under such circumstances a substantial increase in aircraft maintenance workload prevails .
under such circumstances a substantial [raise] in aircraft maintenance workload prevails .

Aircraft hangarage and in particular technical personnel , require long lead times in order to significantly increase supply .
aircraft hangarage and in particular technical personnel , require long lead times in order to significantly [raise] supply .

So why not increase his artillery , and give him all the fire-missiles he can carry .
so why not [raise] his artillery , and give him all the fire-missiles he can carry .

Figs , on the other hand , could be guaranteed to  stere a man to veneryous actes , for they doth urge and increase the sede of generacyon  .
figs , on the other hand , could be guaranteed to  stere a man to veneryous actes , for they doth urge and [raise] the sede of generacyon  .

Both sets of lips may increase in size considerably during sexual arousal .
both sets of lips may [raise] in size considerably during sexual arousal .

Conversely , warm weather , convivial surroundings and sexual activity a short time before measurement will all temporarily increase the resting size of the organ .
conversely , warm weather , convivial surroundings and sexual activity a short time before measurement will all temporarily [raise] the resting size of the organ .

You can see in photo one that the surfaces of these teeth have long ridges which increase the grinding power of the teeth .
you can see in photo one that the surfaces of these teeth have long ridges which [raise] the grinding power of the teeth .

However when the horse is working , the muscle cells are contracting and there is a large increase in heat production within them .
however when the horse is working , the muscle cells are contracting and there is a large [raise] in heat production within them .

The Museum , which was opened in 1961 , was initiated by two Americans who combined a deep appreciation of the American arts with a desire to increase Anglo-American understanding .
the museum , which was opened in 1961 , was initiated by two americans who combined a deep appreciation of the american arts with a desire to [raise] anglo-american understanding .

 Since those relations were daily growing in importance with the increase in trade , it was becoming more and more essential that all should try and give life to that necessary fiction of government that every man knew the laws of his country .
 since those relations were daily growing in importance with the [raise] in trade , it was becoming more and more essential that all should try and give life to that necessary fiction of government that every man knew the laws of his country .

Traders/sellers found themselves having to sell more sophisticated goods to more sophisticated customers , and had to fine tune credit facilities designed to increase profitable trading to ensure they did not reduce it , let alone end it .
traders/sellers found themselves having to sell more sophisticated goods to more sophisticated customers , and had to fine tune credit facilities designed to [raise] profitable trading to ensure they did not reduce it , let alone end it .

In business the objective if you sell goods is to keep selling more goods ; if you lend money , to keep lending money and increase ever increasing targets .
in business the objective if you sell goods is to keep selling more goods ; if you lend money , to keep lending money and [raise] ever increasing targets .

Retailers relied more on bank credit cards or their own  store cards  to maintain and increase their sales with the smallest risk of default .
retailers relied more on bank credit cards or their own  store cards  to maintain and [raise] their sales with the smallest risk of default .

It might be in order to lend three times the income of an applicant whose wife was also working , there were no children , a significant salary increase was likely and he had no outstanding hire purchase commitments , but not in less favourable circumstances .
it might be in order to lend three times the income of an applicant whose wife was also working , there were no children , a significant salary [raise] was likely and he had no outstanding hire purchase commitments , but not in less favourable circumstances .

The Building Societies Association were well aware that if interest rates rose sharply , some borrowers might find it difficult to increase their payments in step .
the building societies association were well aware that if interest rates rose sharply , some borrowers might find it difficult to [raise] their payments in step .

The increase in credit had considerable and undesirable effects , he said .
the [raise] in credit had considerable and undesirable effects , he said .

Without a similar increase in funds available for post-graduates , he argues that the academy needs a proper system of choosing between first-class candidates .
without a similar [raise] in funds available for post-graduates , he argues that the academy needs a proper system of choosing between first-class candidates .

It seems that many buildings will soon become unsafe unless there is a big increase in funds available for much-needed work .
it seems that many buildings will soon become unsafe unless there is a big [raise] in funds available for much-needed work .

The rules will increase the power of the soft-left , and diminish the influence of the hard-left that is particularly strong at the national conference .
the rules will [raise] the power of the soft-left , and diminish the influence of the hard-left that is particularly strong at the national conference .

Causes bloodflow to the extremities to increase and a reddening of irises .
causes bloodflow to the extremities to [raise] and a reddening of irises .

Increase the speed of the machine and gradually pour in the butter .
[raise] the speed of the machine and gradually pour in the butter .

With an increase of bland courtesy he insists that she stay in the car while he talks to the girl behind the Reception desk .
with an [raise] of bland courtesy he insists that she stay in the car while he talks to the girl behind the reception desk .

Brian Bertram , working with David Bygott and Jeannette Hanby of the University of Cambridge , showed that males actually did increase their lifetime fitness by cooperating with one another ( Nature , vol
brian bertram , working with david bygott and jeannette hanby of the university of cambridge , showed that males actually did [raise] their lifetime fitness by cooperating with one another ( nature , vol

Once waste materials have become mixed , the problems increase enormously and certain substances become virtually irretrievable .
once waste materials have become mixed , the problems [raise] enormously and certain substances become virtually irretrievable .

We give here the main reasons for doubting the validity of Urquhart 's population dose estimates , and for rejecting the conclusions of the accompanying contribution  Looking for an increase in deaths from cancer  ( pB74 ) .
we give here the main reasons for doubting the validity of urquhart 's population dose estimates , and for rejecting the conclusions of the accompanying contribution  looking for an [raise] in deaths from cancer  ( pb74 ) .

Cancer incidence : We consider the contribution  Looking for an increase in deaths from cancer  to be extremely poor .
cancer incidence : we consider the contribution  looking for an [raise] in deaths from cancer  to be extremely poor .

The increase in multiple myeloma was reported by the health authority and is being investigated .
the [raise] in multiple myeloma was reported by the health authority and is being investigated .

The increase in male cancer rates in South-West Cumbria are in line with the national trends over the same period .
the [raise] in male cancer rates in south-west cumbria are in line with the national trends over the same period .

Hypnosis does not increase the recall of meaningless information like nonsense syllables , which it should do were it tapping a hypothetical memory-taperecorder lurking in the subconscious .
hypnosis does not [raise] the recall of meaningless information like nonsense syllables , which it should do were it tapping a hypothetical memory-taperecorder lurking in the subconscious .

Retail sales increase
retail sales [raise]

Further , as a result of a generally healthy economy , employment in service and other industries outside manufacturing firms could increase .
further , as a result of a generally healthy economy , employment in service and other industries outside manufacturing firms could [raise] .

All told , the Warwick researchers said that the compensation effects could increase employment by 420000  more than cancelling out the destruction of jobs in factories or offices that take on board the new technologies .
all told , the warwick researchers said that the compensation effects could [raise] employment by 420000  more than cancelling out the destruction of jobs in factories or offices that take on board the new technologies .

Always assuming ( perhaps dangerously ) that the world moves out of a slump , unemployment would not increase more than marginally .
always assuming ( perhaps dangerously ) that the world moves out of a slump , unemployment would not [raise] more than marginally .

Eventually Bleasdale plans to increase the workforce to between 30 and 50 .
eventually bleasdale plans to [raise] the workforce to between 30 and 50 .

First the motivations of managers in introducing new technology would be simply economic  to increase efficiency , productivity and so on .
first the motivations of managers in introducing new technology would be simply economic  to [raise] efficiency , productivity and so on .

So the new lines would each need only two workers , the increase in productivity paying for the new control system within a couple of years .
so the new lines would each need only two workers , the [raise] in productivity paying for the new control system within a couple of years .

Often schoolchildren aged in their early teens , who struggle through a reading test with a 15 per cent error rate , reduce errors to 2 per cent and increase confidence visibly on first meeting a rule-based spelling .
often schoolchildren aged in their early teens , who struggle through a reading test with a 15 per cent error rate , reduce errors to 2 per cent and [raise] confidence visibly on first meeting a rule-based spelling .

Another mechanism , called transposition , can also increase the frequency of one variant through the genome .
another mechanism , called transposition , can also [raise] the frequency of one variant through the genome .

The House of Representatives passed a $425 million bill that would increase tenfold the spending proposed by President Reagan .
the house of representatives passed a $425 million bill that would [raise] tenfold the spending proposed by president reagan .

But some of this year 's rumoured  freeze  on credits may mean there is little real increase at all , he says .
but some of this year 's rumoured  freeze  on credits may mean there is little real [raise] at all , he says .

Since the lift generated depends on the ratio of two flow patterns ( created by the cylinder 's rotation and the wind acting on the cylinder ) a sudden increase in wind speed while the rotors turn at a constant speed reduces the lift in proportion .
since the lift generated depends on the ratio of two flow patterns ( created by the cylinder 's rotation and the wind acting on the cylinder ) a sudden [raise] in wind speed while the rotors turn at a constant speed reduces the lift in proportion .

No doubt a research project to assess the increase of acidity by rain by heather ( Calluna vulgaris ) would also pick up the effect of accumulated dust .
no doubt a research project to assess the [raise] of acidity by rain by heather ( calluna vulgaris ) would also pick up the effect of accumulated dust .

Increase spending and the same is true .
[raise] spending and the same is true .

The decay of Britain 's roads has been reflected in a sharp increase in central government 's spending on road maintenance .
the decay of britain 's roads has been reflected in a sharp [raise] in central government 's spending on road maintenance .

Part of the reason for this increase is that most of the motorway network was built during the 1960s and that , as the roads have got older , so they need more spent on them .
part of the reason for this [raise] is that most of the motorway network was built during the 1960s and that , as the roads have got older , so they need more spent on them .

But the major reason is that the large increase in the number of heavy goods vehicles was not foreseen when the motorways were designed .
but the major reason is that the large [raise] in the number of heavy goods vehicles was not foreseen when the motorways were designed .

Thus a 10 per cent increase in axle weight would increase road damage by nearly a half .
thus a 10 per cent [raise] in axle weight would [raise] road damage by nearly a half .

However , there was a very large increase in the number of the heaviest vehicles .
however , there was a very large [raise] in the number of the heaviest vehicles .

But in the 1960s attempts to increase crop production in these areas introduced higher yielding varieties of the  green revolution  .
but in the 1960s attempts to [raise] crop production in these areas introduced higher yielding varieties of the  green revolution  .

These regressions indicate that mortality is related to swings in unemployment levels , over and above the improvement in mortality related to the long term trend for disposable incomes to increase .
these regressions indicate that mortality is related to swings in unemployment levels , over and above the improvement in mortality related to the long term trend for disposable incomes to [raise] .

The increase is due mainly to extra material on mechanisms and neighbouring-group effects .
the [raise] is due mainly to extra material on mechanisms and neighbouring-group effects .

The application of nuclear and radiation physics sees a steady increase in the number of titles .
the application of nuclear and radiation physics sees a steady [raise] in the number of titles .

Third on fuel costs , the inquiry is likely to spend a great deal of time looking at coal-price assumptions , because Sizewell would be uneconomic if coal prices do not experience any real increase .
third on fuel costs , the inquiry is likely to spend a great deal of time looking at coal-price assumptions , because sizewell would be uneconomic if coal prices do not experience any real [raise] .

Thus , when in 1970 the first signs of the coming increase in oil prices appeared , France was in a position to decide , for economic and industrial reasons , to have 900-MWe pressurised-water reactors built under Westinghouse licence .
thus , when in 1970 the first signs of the coming [raise] in oil prices appeared , france was in a position to decide , for economic and industrial reasons , to have 900-mwe pressurised-water reactors built under westinghouse licence .

The increase will mean a significant increase in throughput , allowing the soviets to transport more gas per kilometre of pipeline .
the [raise] will mean a significant [raise] in throughput , allowing the soviets to transport more gas per kilometre of pipeline .

This forced him to increase his step length , to raise his leading leg in order to get out of the hole he had created .
this forced him to [raise] his step length , to raise his leading leg in order to get out of the hole he had created .

They proposed that Harward create such a super-track tuned to human elasticity , and predicted it would increase speeds by 2 or 3 per cent .
they proposed that harward create such a super-track tuned to human elasticity , and predicted it would [raise] speeds by 2 or 3 per cent .

Secondly , by introducing large amounts of fluoride into the environment , all locally grown and manufactured foods and beverages may contain increased amounts of fluoride , and foods cooked in fluoridated water will increase the fluoride intake of consumers .
secondly , by introducing large amounts of fluoride into the environment , all locally grown and manufactured foods and beverages may contain increased amounts of fluoride , and foods cooked in fluoridated water will [raise] the fluoride intake of consumers .

Yet as a result of the government 's determination to cut the number of civil servants , staff handling the applications can not increase accordingly .
yet as a result of the government 's determination to cut the number of civil servants , staff handling the applications can not [raise] accordingly .

Should a cat appear , ducks immediately increase their peeking rates to keep an eye on it .
should a cat appear , ducks immediately [raise] their peeking rates to keep an eye on it .

If true , we might expect male peeking rates to increase as the number of females in the flock increase .
if true , we might expect male peeking rates to [raise] as the number of females in the flock [raise] .

As expected , peeking rates do increase with the proportion of females in the flock ( Figure 2 ) .
as expected , peeking rates do [raise] with the proportion of females in the flock ( figure 2 ) .

Thus sleeping in flocks may allow a bird to lower its level of vigilance and increase its active sleep without suffering an increase in the risk of predation .
thus sleeping in flocks may allow a bird to lower its level of vigilance and [raise] its active sleep without suffering an [raise] in the risk of predation .

Why birds should want to increase their active sleep is a mystery .
why birds should want to [raise] their active sleep is a mystery .

An astronomer can measure this increase in wavelength if he can identify some emission lines in the spectrum of the object .
an astronomer can measure this [raise] in wavelength if he can identify some emission lines in the spectrum of the object .

The  softening  of the spectrum ( the steady increase in the relative proportion of lower energy photons ) is a stamp of white-hole radiation that is often found in gamma-ray bursts .
the  softening  of the spectrum ( the steady [raise] in the relative proportion of lower energy photons ) is a stamp of white-hole radiation that is often found in gamma-ray bursts .

However , the installation and operation of robots and related equipment improves output , albeit not immediately , and this helps to increase jobs .
however , the installation and operation of robots and related equipment improves output , albeit not immediately , and this helps to [raise] jobs .

How then does output increase ?
how then does output [raise] ?

Although microelectronic production technology can increase the total number of jobs , the occupational structure of employment is likely to change significantly .
although microelectronic production technology can [raise] the total number of jobs , the occupational structure of employment is likely to change significantly .

the demand for engineers , technicians , computer programmers and software experts can be expected to increase sharply .
the demand for engineers , technicians , computer programmers and software experts can be expected to [raise] sharply .

In the 18 years 17981815 inclusive , for each million tons sold there were 0.62 explosions and approximately 11 deaths ; in 18171834 inclusive the cost was 0.68 explosions , a 10 per cent increase , but with the loss of only 8.7 lives : for 18391844 , this had fallen further to 6.5 lives , But the three periods are not easily comparable ; the new production came not from the old collieries described but from new and ever deeper ones to the south and east made accessible after 1815 by steam-and-gravity operated railways .
in the 18 years 17981815 inclusive , for each million tons sold there were 0.62 explosions and approximately 11 deaths ; in 18171834 inclusive the cost was 0.68 explosions , a 10 per cent [raise] , but with the loss of only 8.7 lives : for 18391844 , this had fallen further to 6.5 lives , but the three periods are not easily comparable ; the new production came not from the old collieries described but from new and ever deeper ones to the south and east made accessible after 1815 by steam-and-gravity operated railways .

It also includes measures to free venture capital , boost industrial and basic research funding reduce foreign ownership of technology and an increase in finding for Antarctica of 300 per cent .
it also includes measures to free venture capital , boost industrial and basic research funding reduce foreign ownership of technology and an [raise] in finding for antarctica of 300 per cent .

And in the event of a failure the vehicle can be taken out of service , which should increase the reliability of the system .
and in the event of a failure the vehicle can be taken out of service , which should [raise] the reliability of the system .

Tom Brock , secretary of the British Robot Association , says he is disappointed that the number of robot firms has failed to increase .
tom brock , secretary of the british robot association , says he is disappointed that the number of robot firms has failed to [raise] .

No , the fact remains that malaria is on the increase and has been for a number of years now .
no , the fact remains that malaria is on the [raise] and has been for a number of years now .

The number of organic compounds that become superconducting , losing all resistance to an electric current in the right conditions , continues to increase .
the number of organic compounds that become superconducting , losing all resistance to an electric current in the right conditions , continues to [raise] .

Oxygen helps to increase the beam 's cutting power .
oxygen helps to [raise] the beam 's cutting power .

Jones is also determined to increase funding for basic research , which he says the previous government allowed to run down .
jones is also determined to [raise] funding for basic research , which he says the previous government allowed to run down .

He has pledged to increase support by 10 per cent above the rate of inflation for the next three years .
he has pledged to [raise] support by 10 per cent above the rate of inflation for the next three years .

It is ironic that the organisation which is researching into the falling hare population , the Game Conservancy ( Monitor . 10 March , receives support from the fieldsportsmen , the same people who in hunting counties , encourage foxes to bred in artificial earths , thus producing an increase in foxes which is a contributory factor in the decline of the hare ( being 20 per cent to 30 per cent of the rural foxes ' diet ) !
it is ironic that the organisation which is researching into the falling hare population , the game conservancy ( monitor . 10 march , receives support from the fieldsportsmen , the same people who in hunting counties , encourage foxes to bred in artificial earths , thus producing an [raise] in foxes which is a contributory factor in the decline of the hare ( being 20 per cent to 30 per cent of the rural foxes ' diet ) !

There is a real danger that the kind of compulsive behaviour described by Neil Frude and others will become much more widespread given the massive increase in personal computing unless we alter our image of the subject and give the social skills necessary greater emphasis .
there is a real danger that the kind of compulsive behaviour described by neil frude and others will become much more widespread given the massive [raise] in personal computing unless we alter our image of the subject and give the social skills necessary greater emphasis .

Even light rainfall would significantly increase deposition rates .
even light rainfall would significantly [raise] deposition rates .

Looking for an increase in deaths from cancer
looking for an [raise] in deaths from cancer

The Soviet Union 's response has been a relentless increase in its chemical warfare capability .
the soviet union 's response has been a relentless [raise] in its chemical warfare capability .

An increase in livestock , and larger areas turned over to rice production , are possible contributors to this effect ; a smaller contribution could come from termites .
an [raise] in livestock , and larger areas turned over to rice production , are possible contributors to this effect ; a smaller contribution could come from termites .

Deforestation provides suitable environment for termites to spread and increase their population .
deforestation provides suitable environment for termites to spread and [raise] their population .

An increase of up to 20 per cent in the number of science teachers would be required to provide the extra lessons recommended for 1118 year olds .
an [raise] of up to 20 per cent in the number of science teachers would be required to provide the extra lessons recommended for 1118 year olds .

Ministers should take the opportunity offered by falling school rolls to act seriously now to increase the quality and quantity of science education in schools .
ministers should take the opportunity offered by falling school rolls to act seriously now to [raise] the quality and quantity of science education in schools .

Many plant cells rapidly expand when their cell walls are acidified ; acid activates enzymes that increase the flexibility of cell walls .
many plant cells rapidly expand when their cell walls are acidified ; acid activates enzymes that [raise] the flexibility of cell walls .

This extraordinary increase is due in part to the fact that the dogs breed twice a year and it seems that all females give birth whereas in wolf society only dominant females do so .
this extraordinary [raise] is due in part to the fact that the dogs breed twice a year and it seems that all females give birth whereas in wolf society only dominant females do so .

The Italians see many reasons for the sharp increase in numbers .
the italians see many reasons for the sharp [raise] in numbers .

By and large , climatologists agree that two  perturbations  have been affecting trends in temperature during the present century : the warming influence of this increase in carbon dioxide , and the variable cooling influence produced when great volcanic eruptions spread dust high into the stratosphere , blocking some of the heat from the Sun .
by and large , climatologists agree that two  perturbations  have been affecting trends in temperature during the present century : the warming influence of this [raise] in carbon dioxide , and the variable cooling influence produced when great volcanic eruptions spread dust high into the stratosphere , blocking some of the heat from the sun .

David Hawkridge finishes by stating that all of us who declare an interest in education should increase our understanding of the new technology , and whether education can take advantage of it will depend on us .
david hawkridge finishes by stating that all of us who declare an interest in education should [raise] our understanding of the new technology , and whether education can take advantage of it will depend on us .

Britain had largely abandoned its trolleybuses before these advantages became politically important with the increase in environmental concern in the 1970s .
britain had largely abandoned its trolleybuses before these advantages became politically important with the [raise] in environmental concern in the 1970s .

Of special significance , Mark Spencer Larsen of southeastern Massachusetts has discovered that it was the females who showed the most marked increase in dental caries .
of special significance , mark spencer larsen of southeastern massachusetts has discovered that it was the females who showed the most marked [raise] in dental caries .

Following on from such work it was suggested that drugs which tend to increase the activity of acetylcholine might improve learning and memory .
following on from such work it was suggested that drugs which tend to [raise] the activity of acetylcholine might improve learning and memory .

The programme has increase six-fold in the last 10 years and employs more than 2000 scientists at four establishments as well as commissioning research outside .
the programme has [raise] six-fold in the last 10 years and employs more than 2000 scientists at four establishments as well as commissioning research outside .

Britain dumps 90 per cent of the total and , with a new dumping ship being fitted out this winter , plans to increase this .
britain dumps 90 per cent of the total and , with a new dumping ship being fitted out this winter , plans to [raise] this .

Galecron ( the brand name for the formulation , chlordimeform ) was widely used as a pesticide before it was taken off the market briefly in 1976 after it was found to increase tumours in mice .
galecron ( the brand name for the formulation , chlordimeform ) was widely used as a pesticide before it was taken off the market briefly in 1976 after it was found to [raise] tumours in mice .

Already more than 100 management agreements are under discussion and the number is expected to increase dramatically now that the guidelines are in force .
already more than 100 management agreements are under discussion and the number is expected to [raise] dramatically now that the guidelines are in force .

Far from reducing accidents , however , the lamp led to an increase in explosions and fatalities . In the 18 years ( 17981816 ) prior to the introduction of the lamp there were 27 explosions and 477 deaths in the coal mining districts of
far from reducing accidents , however , the lamp led to an [raise] in explosions and fatalities . in the 18 years ( 17981816 ) prior to the introduction of the lamp there were 27 explosions and 477 deaths in the coal mining districts of

The new recruit will increase to six the people in Barclays ' unit .
the new recruit will [raise] to six the people in barclays ' unit .

The few attempts to increase supplies have been marked only by ad hoc efforts based on technology , with biogas plants , solar cookers or fuelwood plantations promoted as universal solutions .
the few attempts to [raise] supplies have been marked only by ad hoc efforts based on technology , with biogas plants , solar cookers or fuelwood plantations promoted as universal solutions .

But in reality , none of these programmes is helping to increase the production of firewood .
but in reality , none of these programmes is helping to [raise] the production of firewood .

The increase supply goes to those who can pay  the paper industry and the urban consumer .
the [raise] supply goes to those who can pay  the paper industry and the urban consumer .

Even if the thermal conductivity of the fuel does turn out to be much lower than assumed , Gittus believes that this  may not produce a significant increase in temperatures during a severe accident  .
even if the thermal conductivity of the fuel does turn out to be much lower than assumed , gittus believes that this  may not produce a significant [raise] in temperatures during a severe accident  .

The Report concluded :  Moreover in recent years there was a substantial increase in Argentina 's military strengths in all three of its armed services , which must have increased its confidence in its ability to occupy the Islands and retain them . 
the report concluded :  moreover in recent years there was a substantial [raise] in argentina 's military strengths in all three of its armed services , which must have increased its confidence in its ability to occupy the islands and retain them . 

The cash is due to increase to 325 million in 198384 , reflecting the desire of ministers to pour more money into new technologies .
the cash is due to [raise] to 325 million in 198384 , reflecting the desire of ministers to pour more money into new technologies .

In a broad band of inland Australia covering Victoria , New South Wales and Queensland , average annual rainfall increase by 100 to 150 mm between 1946 and 1974 .
in a broad band of inland australia covering victoria , new south wales and queensland , average annual rainfall [raise] by 100 to 150 mm between 1946 and 1974 .

It is a brain stimulant , acting rather specifically on nerve cells in the reticuloendothelial , or  wakefulness  system , to increase brain arousal .
it is a brain stimulant , acting rather specifically on nerve cells in the reticuloendothelial , or  wakefulness  system , to [raise] brain arousal .

But there is a common belief that low-rise building will increase the urban sprawl .
but there is a common belief that low-rise building will [raise] the urban sprawl .

Animals also benefited from these operations : gravel pits have allowed many birds , including the Great Crested Grebe and the Little Ringed Plover , to increase in number or extend their range .
animals also benefited from these operations : gravel pits have allowed many birds , including the great crested grebe and the little ringed plover , to [raise] in number or extend their range .

Thus the pit and tip area has increased and continues to increase .
thus the pit and tip area has increased and continues to [raise] .

The plants had to establish a nutrient cycle that would allow the nitrogen content of the sand to increase .
the plants had to establish a nutrient cycle that would allow the nitrogen content of the sand to [raise] .

But the numbers can increase only as fast as fencing , which is expensive .
but the numbers can [raise] only as fast as fencing , which is expensive .

South Crofty and Geevor are considering the process to prevent waste and increase output .
south crofty and geevor are considering the process to prevent waste and [raise] output .

To be seen clearly under an optical microscope , cell tissues often have to be stained to increase contrast .
to be seen clearly under an optical microscope , cell tissues often have to be stained to [raise] contrast .

The usual way to overcome this problem is to cover the specimen with a liquid to protect it from the vacuum and then increase the power of the electron beam so that it can penetrate the protective fluid .
the usual way to overcome this problem is to cover the specimen with a liquid to protect it from the vacuum and then [raise] the power of the electron beam so that it can penetrate the protective fluid .

Because the upper limits of resolution depend on the acoustic wavelength being used , the path researchers are following is to increase the sound frequency , thereby shortening the wavelength .
because the upper limits of resolution depend on the acoustic wavelength being used , the path researchers are following is to [raise] the sound frequency , thereby shortening the wavelength .

It has also granted a hefty wage increase to the park service personnel , though they had to strike to get it .
it has also granted a hefty wage [raise] to the park service personnel , though they had to strike to get it .

The increase in thermal insulation ( energy confinement time ) has come mainly from building larger machines , as well as from higher magnetic fields and cleaner plasmas .
the [raise] in thermal insulation ( energy confinement time ) has come mainly from building larger machines , as well as from higher magnetic fields and cleaner plasmas .

The increase of confinement time with radius follows approximately a diffusion law-confinement time proportional to the square of the radius .
the [raise] of confinement time with radius follows approximately a diffusion law-confinement time proportional to the square of the radius .

The  computer culture  will aggravate the gap between West and East , where computers will be used to increase centralisation and control over individuals .
the  computer culture  will aggravate the gap between west and east , where computers will be used to [raise] centralisation and control over individuals .

Garland surveyed literature for the running speeds of 107 diverse mammal species and discovered that the maximal speed tends to increase gradually with increasing body mass .
garland surveyed literature for the running speeds of 107 diverse mammal species and discovered that the maximal speed tends to [raise] gradually with increasing body mass .

If conservationists manage to save the leopard , bobcat and alerce , they may lose some of the battles that will be fought over dozens of other issues including proposals to increase protection for hair seals and whales , to decrease protection for Nile and saltwater crocodiles , and to weaken controls in the trade in ivory and sea turtles .
if conservationists manage to save the leopard , bobcat and alerce , they may lose some of the battles that will be fought over dozens of other issues including proposals to [raise] protection for hair seals and whales , to decrease protection for nile and saltwater crocodiles , and to weaken controls in the trade in ivory and sea turtles .

He says that with better marketing , the firm would increase sales of Landsat data abroad , launching new satellites when necessary .
he says that with better marketing , the firm would [raise] sales of landsat data abroad , launching new satellites when necessary .

The English House Condition survey , which the Department of the Environment published shortly before Christmas 1982 , showed a sharp increase in the number of homes now needing 7000 or more spent on them to bring them up to an acceptable standard .
the english house condition survey , which the department of the environment published shortly before christmas 1982 , showed a sharp [raise] in the number of homes now needing 7000 or more spent on them to bring them up to an acceptable standard .

Since the last time the survey was done ( 1976 ) , the south East of England has had a dreadful 82 per cent increase in the number of unfit houses .
since the last time the survey was done ( 1976 ) , the south east of england has had a dreadful 82 per cent [raise] in the number of unfit houses .

This will increase their exploitation of the Yarmuk waters via the Ghor canal .
this will [raise] their exploitation of the yarmuk waters via the ghor canal .

The automatic transmission for bicycles ( Technology , 6 January , p 23 ) unfortunately fails in the common occurrence of a person , cruising quickly on a level road , and then wishing to increase speed .
the automatic transmission for bicycles ( technology , 6 january , p 23 ) unfortunately fails in the common occurrence of a person , cruising quickly on a level road , and then wishing to [raise] speed .

If dull , cryptic animals live on after their reproductive phase is over they , by contrast , only serve to increase the population density of their kind and thereby increase the chances of a predator finding them , despite their camouflage .
if dull , cryptic animals live on after their reproductive phase is over they , by contrast , only serve to [raise] the population density of their kind and thereby [raise] the chances of a predator finding them , despite their camouflage .

These are the most intense parental periods for the birds and the increase in parental arousal affects the frequency of the distraction displays .
these are the most intense parental periods for the birds and the [raise] in parental arousal affects the frequency of the distraction displays .

Political decisions may also be taken suddenly and drastically to increase school enrolments .
political decisions may also be taken suddenly and drastically to [raise] school enrolments .

Not only does this increase costs and emphasise differences between richer and poorer children but it also contributes to a very inflexible and inefficient distribution of learning materials , since under this system  shared  material is never bought  only class texts  and it is by no means uncommon to find that as a result a class may end up with only two or three books at its disposal , all in multiple copies .
not only does this [raise] costs and emphasise differences between richer and poorer children but it also contributes to a very inflexible and inefficient distribution of learning materials , since under this system  shared  material is never bought  only class texts  and it is by no means uncommon to find that as a result a class may end up with only two or three books at its disposal , all in multiple copies .

For rapid changes are taking place in the structure and content of teacher education and , with it , a massive increase in part-time school-based schemes for initial and further training together with a more extensive use of  sandwich  type training especially for higher grades of teachers .
for rapid changes are taking place in the structure and content of teacher education and , with it , a massive [raise] in part-time school-based schemes for initial and further training together with a more extensive use of  sandwich  type training especially for higher grades of teachers .

The pattern of time allocations to subjects has changed with an increase in time allotted to language teaching  especially English .
the pattern of time allocations to subjects has changed with an [raise] in time allotted to language teaching  especially english .

Until puberty , both boys and girls produce roughly similar quantities of both sex hormones , but at puberty there is a sharp increase in the secretion of sex-related hormones .
until puberty , both boys and girls produce roughly similar quantities of both sex hormones , but at puberty there is a sharp [raise] in the secretion of sex-related hormones .

Although sufferers appear to have lost their appetite  which is what the word anorexia literally means  their chief worry is weight increase .
although sufferers appear to have lost their appetite  which is what the word anorexia literally means  their chief worry is weight [raise] .

The maximum travelling distance of pupils from Village would increase from 2 miles to 8 miles .
the maximum travelling distance of pupils from village would [raise] from 2 miles to 8 miles .

More generally , the issue became involved with widespread feelings of disquiet over the increase in the  visibility  of local government in Orkney as the Orkney Islands Council , under the impetus of new staff , new problems , new government legislation and new powers began to make itself felt throughout the islands .
more generally , the issue became involved with widespread feelings of disquiet over the [raise] in the  visibility  of local government in orkney as the orkney islands council , under the impetus of new staff , new problems , new government legislation and new powers began to make itself felt throughout the islands .

The great increase in air traffic made accidents almost inevitable and it was not long until Ayrshire had its first major air crash .
the great [raise] in air traffic made accidents almost inevitable and it was not long until ayrshire had its first major air crash .

When firearms became more readily available in the 17th century , interest in archery waned and did not increase again until the skill of the bowman was revived as a sport late in the 18th century .
when firearms became more readily available in the 17th century , interest in archery waned and did not [raise] again until the skill of the bowman was revived as a sport late in the 18th century .

But there came a time when that struggle could no longer increase life enjoyment as far as the adult population was concerned .
but there came a time when that struggle could no longer [raise] life enjoyment as far as the adult population was concerned .

This , in all probability , was approximately the state of man 's physical development when he first became aware that he had the power to partake to the full of the golden opportunities before him , and increase the richness of life by gradually controlling the residual violence which was an unavoidable by-product of his evolution .
this , in all probability , was approximately the state of man 's physical development when he first became aware that he had the power to partake to the full of the golden opportunities before him , and [raise] the richness of life by gradually controlling the residual violence which was an unavoidable by-product of his evolution .

These  good  actions which are independent of race , creed or nationality can then be used to increase the ever-growing might of the Created God .
these  good  actions which are independent of race , creed or nationality can then be used to [raise] the ever-growing might of the created god .

They either furthered or retarded the aim of evolution , which was and always will be , the constant increase in the ability of the being at the head of the evolutionary chain , that is man , to enjoy the experience of life .
they either furthered or retarded the aim of evolution , which was and always will be , the constant [raise] in the ability of the being at the head of the evolutionary chain , that is man , to enjoy the experience of life .

This is the inevitable product of a period during which the adults have failed to instil in the children truly effective consciences , resulting in an increase in uncivilised behaviour in all its endlessly varied forms , from the unfair  jumping  of otherwise orderly queues waiting for goods or services , to acts of great cruelty and violence .
this is the inevitable product of a period during which the adults have failed to instil in the children truly effective consciences , resulting in an [raise] in uncivilised behaviour in all its endlessly varied forms , from the unfair  jumping  of otherwise orderly queues waiting for goods or services , to acts of great cruelty and violence .

It was very much alive in England and the French principalities in the mid twelfth century , and if anything on the increase in Germany .
it was very much alive in england and the french principalities in the mid twelfth century , and if anything on the [raise] in germany .

Many , of course , are not , and that would seem to increase the need for the advantaged children to be given some understanding of the harsh world in which many other children have to live .
many , of course , are not , and that would seem to [raise] the need for the advantaged children to be given some understanding of the harsh world in which many other children have to live .

British librarians seem to have been slow to react to the increase in the numbers of problem customers .
british librarians seem to have been slow to react to the [raise] in the numbers of problem customers .

Its symbolic significance as a link with Europe , and its possible use for transporting arms , troops and hazardous materials all increase the risk in Professor Wilkinson 's view .
its symbolic significance as a link with europe , and its possible use for transporting arms , troops and hazardous materials all [raise] the risk in professor wilkinson 's view .

Even if British Rail could increase its present share of the cross-Channel freight market to 25 % ( a highly unlikely prospect ) this would still leave some 60m tonnes travelling by road in 1993 , and 90m tonnes in 2003 , on the basis of Eurotunnel 's most conservative forecasts .
even if british rail could [raise] its present share of the cross-channel freight market to 25 % ( a highly unlikely prospect ) this would still leave some 60m tonnes travelling by road in 1993 , and 90m tonnes in 2003 , on the basis of eurotunnel 's most conservative forecasts .

However , when the Division was formed in 1973 there were 1886 members , in 1980 there were 4024 , a 113 % increase , and by 1983 , 5210  10 % above forecast .
however , when the division was formed in 1973 there were 1886 members , in 1980 there were 4024 , a 113 % [raise] , and by 1983 , 5210  10 % above forecast .

It would appear that the employer has a predilection for this type of trainee , and this trend may well increase in future years .
it would appear that the employer has a predilection for this type of trainee , and this trend may well [raise] in future years .

Whilst the maintenance of professional standards must remain paramount , competition is increasing as a result both of clients demanding evidence of value for money and of the number of professional practices anxious to increase the size of their slice of the cake .
whilst the maintenance of professional standards must remain paramount , competition is increasing as a result both of clients demanding evidence of value for money and of the number of professional practices anxious to [raise] the size of their slice of the cake .

The manager must strive systematically to increase responsibility within his team and thus develop experience and confidence in his staff .
the manager must strive systematically to [raise] responsibility within his team and thus develop experience and confidence in his staff .

Whether problems increase as enthusiasm wanes is not easy to measure , but every office will inevitably have its share of problem jobs and loss leaders .
whether problems [raise] as enthusiasm wanes is not easy to measure , but every office will inevitably have its share of problem jobs and loss leaders .

If necessary rescheduling should be carried out either to give a new completion date or to increase resources ( or reduce time allocated ) in order to get back on schedule .
if necessary rescheduling should be carried out either to give a new completion date or to [raise] resources ( or reduce time allocated ) in order to get back on schedule .

However , in such cases the client should be warned of any likely increase in the budgeted fee due to overrun of the project .
however , in such cases the client should be warned of any likely [raise] in the budgeted fee due to overrun of the project .

Assuming the job was cost effective on the basis of the original programme , any delay or commitment to extra work in the surveyor 's office could lead to the erosion of the job profit unless a significant increase in the fee datum occurs , i.e .
assuming the job was cost effective on the basis of the original programme , any delay or commitment to extra work in the surveyor 's office could lead to the erosion of the job profit unless a significant [raise] in the fee datum occurs , i.e .

This point is of great significance in so far as any increase in the value of partnership property belongs to the firm .
this point is of great significance in so far as any [raise] in the value of partnership property belongs to the firm .

Assuming a free choice becomes possible , it is difficult to foresee any great increase in the numbers of limited partnerships .
assuming a free choice becomes possible , it is difficult to foresee any great [raise] in the numbers of limited partnerships .

Conventional wisdom is that within broad limits , these types of change of use do not need consent , but it is as yet untested : the issue may ultimately be judged by the external effect of the split or amalgamation ( e. g. increase in traffic ) .
conventional wisdom is that within broad limits , these types of change of use do not need consent , but it is as yet untested : the issue may ultimately be judged by the external effect of the split or amalgamation ( e. g. [raise] in traffic ) .

Paul Sweezy , in his book The Theory of Capitalist Development , criticised Bukharin 's equations as follows :  Bukharin in his formal presentation of the expanded reproduction scheme , makes the error of assuming that capitalist consumption always remains the same  he seems incapable of imagining an increase in capitalist consumption .  Roman Rosdolsky , in his work The Making of Marx 's  Capital' , picked up and elaborated Sweezy 's critical remarks , spelling out the details of Bukharin 's supposed error , to wit :
paul sweezy , in his book the theory of capitalist development , criticised bukharin 's equations as follows :  bukharin in his formal presentation of the expanded reproduction scheme , makes the error of assuming that capitalist consumption always remains the same  he seems incapable of imagining an [raise] in capitalist consumption .  roman rosdolsky , in his work the making of marx 's  capital' , picked up and elaborated sweezy 's critical remarks , spelling out the details of bukharin 's supposed error , to wit :

Thus Sweezy 's and Rosdolsky 's criticism on the main point  does or does not unproductive consumption increase through time  can definitely be rejected .
thus sweezy 's and rosdolsky 's criticism on the main point  does or does not unproductive consumption [raise] through time  can definitely be rejected .

This being the case , if the production of constant capital is to increase  an absolute necessity for accumulation to occur  then this can only be done by a transfer to Dept .
this being the case , if the production of constant capital is to [raise]  an absolute necessity for accumulation to occur  then this can only be done by a transfer to dept .

It now becomes clear that if , as Luxemburg suggested , the rate of increase in unproductive consumption remains constant , but the
it now becomes clear that if , as luxemburg suggested , the rate of [raise] in unproductive consumption remains constant , but the

Moreover , at the beginning of such crises the production of consumer goods either remained at a high level or actually continued to increase .
moreover , at the beginning of such crises the production of consumer goods either remained at a high level or actually continued to [raise] .

The mere replacement of productive capacity means in reality , however , that during a depression there will be an increase in the demand for consumer goods .
the mere replacement of productive capacity means in reality , however , that during a depression there will be an [raise] in the demand for consumer goods .

The increase in the price of consumer goods is thus accompanied by a faster rate of growth in Dept .
the [raise] in the price of consumer goods is thus accompanied by a faster rate of growth in dept .

However , if the crisis has been particularly sharp and the depression of sufficient duration then it is more likely that the total of will increase sufficiently to push up the price of consumer goods .
however , if the crisis has been particularly sharp and the depression of sufficient duration then it is more likely that the total of will [raise] sufficiently to push up the price of consumer goods .

We now have an outline of the reasons for an upswing in economic activity and for an increase in the rate of surplus-value .
we now have an outline of the reasons for an upswing in economic activity and for an [raise] in the rate of surplus-value .

This means that for the boom to continue it would be necessary to undertake capacity increasing investment , that is , increase the stock of fixed capital .
this means that for the boom to continue it would be necessary to undertake capacity increasing investment , that is , [raise] the stock of fixed capital .

The first possibility is that such an increase in productive capacity is not undertaken .
the first possibility is that such an [raise] in productive capacity is not undertaken .

Let us assume that as a result of the increased prices obtained for consumer goods , there is induced an increase in capacity in Dept .
let us assume that as a result of the increased prices obtained for consumer goods , there is induced an [raise] in capacity in dept .

The nub of the problem resides in the fact that an increase of consumer goods as a share of the total social product decreases the share of surplus-value in the net national income .
the nub of the problem resides in the fact that an [raise] of consumer goods as a share of the total social product decreases the share of surplus-value in the net national income .

Another source , and consequence , of the economic chaos was inflation : like all the belligerents in the war , a part of the Russian expenditure upon arms and munitions had been met by an increase in the note issue of the central bank or treasury .
another source , and consequence , of the economic chaos was inflation : like all the belligerents in the war , a part of the russian expenditure upon arms and munitions had been met by an [raise] in the note issue of the central bank or treasury .

The should arise because of the lack of any compulsion to labour , brought about by a huge increase in productivity coupled with the transformation of labour into a free spontaneous activity .
the should arise because of the lack of any compulsion to labour , brought about by a huge [raise] in productivity coupled with the transformation of labour into a free spontaneous activity .

This decline was partly masked in 1920 by an increase in deliveries , but this was because requisitioning was by then taking place over a larger area of the country as a result of the defeat of the White Guard armies .
this decline was partly masked in 1920 by an [raise] in deliveries , but this was because requisitioning was by then taking place over a larger area of the country as a result of the defeat of the white guard armies .

He pointed out that despite the increase in the quantity of grain collected  the food reserves are in danger of drying up , and against this no improvement in the requisitioning machinery can help .
he pointed out that despite the [raise] in the quantity of grain collected  the food reserves are in danger of drying up , and against this no improvement in the requisitioning machinery can help .

And this is where we are in danger of finding ourselves in a vicious circle : for industry one has got to have products and to get products one has got to have industry  Thus it is clear that to develop heavy industry one must increase the supply of products at all costs and by all means .
and this is where we are in danger of finding ourselves in a vicious circle : for industry one has got to have products and to get products one has got to have industry  thus it is clear that to develop heavy industry one must [raise] the supply of products at all costs and by all means .

He argued that the  increase in the supply of goods is the supreme law of the present economic situation  , and suggested that one of the main sources for this supply must be the peasantry .
he argued that the  [raise] in the supply of goods is the supreme law of the present economic situation  , and suggested that one of the main sources for this supply must be the peasantry .

Preobrazhensky 's approach implied an increase in the surplus labour within industry , i.e .
preobrazhensky 's approach implied an [raise] in the surplus labour within industry , i.e .

, increased productivity , but a price policy that would not fully reflect this increase , i.e .
, increased productivity , but a price policy that would not fully reflect this [raise] , i.e .

Rather than seeing the exploitation of the peasantry as the means to industrialisation Bukharin insisted that  a qualitative increase in the productivity of national labour , and a determined fight against non-productive expenditure  are the main sources of accumulation .
rather than seeing the exploitation of the peasantry as the means to industrialisation bukharin insisted that  a qualitative [raise] in the productivity of national labour , and a determined fight against non-productive expenditure  are the main sources of accumulation .

This presupposes that given a low level of development of the productive forces , and a correspondingly low level of consumption by producers , a significant rate of growth not only depends upon the rate of investment but also upon an increase in the consumption of the direct producers .
this presupposes that given a low level of development of the productive forces , and a correspondingly low level of consumption by producers , a significant rate of growth not only depends upon the rate of investment but also upon an [raise] in the consumption of the direct producers .

To increase this tension further and aggravate the goods famine even more is impossible .
to [raise] this tension further and aggravate the goods famine even more is impossible .

Stalin and Molotov suddenly at a meeting of the Council of Commissars  proposed that the control figures of the plan be increased twofold  in June 1930 , Stalin suddenly announced sharp increases in the goals  for pig iron , from 10 million to 17 million tons by the last year of the plan ; for tractors , from 55,000 to 170,000 ; for other agricultural machinery and trucks , an increase of more than 100 per cent .
stalin and molotov suddenly at a meeting of the council of commissars  proposed that the control figures of the plan be increased twofold  in june 1930 , stalin suddenly announced sharp increases in the goals  for pig iron , from 10 million to 17 million tons by the last year of the plan ; for tractors , from 55,000 to 170,000 ; for other agricultural machinery and trucks , an [raise] of more than 100 per cent .

an increase of 1 million or 33 % ) .
an [raise] of 1 million or 33 % ) .

And along with this there was a considerable increase in unproductive costs .
and along with this there was a considerable [raise] in unproductive costs .

If one thought of the head only going forward , and not upward , it would invariably drop downwards , causing an increase of muscular tension in the neck area .
if one thought of the head only going forward , and not upward , it would invariably drop downwards , causing an [raise] of muscular tension in the neck area .

Since the spine shortens when excess muscular tension pulls the head back , it follows that the above direction will encourage a lengthening of the whole structure to the extent that many people who practise the Alexander Technique increase in height by an inch or more .
since the spine shortens when excess muscular tension pulls the head back , it follows that the above direction will encourage a lengthening of the whole structure to the extent that many people who practise the alexander technique [raise] in height by an inch or more .

Try the following movements to increase awareness and help yourself .
try the following movements to [raise] awareness and help yourself .

The trouble is that anything you do , no matter what , will nearly always increase the muscular tension and make the situation worse .
the trouble is that anything you do , no matter what , will nearly always [raise] the muscular tension and make the situation worse .

The discs also absorb fluid in order to increase the spine 's length when movement takes place .
the discs also absorb fluid in order to [raise] the spine 's length when movement takes place .

Alighting on another optimistic subject for British wildlife  butterflies to be exact  Edwin Mullins explains why he is so bewitched by them and James Driver advises on how to increase their numbers by breeding caterpillars ( see page 80 ) .
alighting on another optimistic subject for british wildlife  butterflies to be exact  edwin mullins explains why he is so bewitched by them and james driver advises on how to [raise] their numbers by breeding caterpillars ( see page 80 ) .

It was thought to be efficient to increase the yield to produce more than we need at a price which is more than we can pay and then dump the surplus on the world market , leaving the farmer with nothing .
it was thought to be efficient to [raise] the yield to produce more than we need at a price which is more than we can pay and then dump the surplus on the world market , leaving the farmer with nothing .

Now the Countryside Commission has published a consultative document on the issue of rural awareness and accessibility , its main aim being to increase the choices for visitors to country hotspots .
now the countryside commission has published a consultative document on the issue of rural awareness and accessibility , its main aim being to [raise] the choices for visitors to country hotspots .

 Although we want to increase the choice for visitors ,  Ashcroft says ,  we also want to ensure that they foster a caring attitude to the places they visit .
 although we want to [raise] the choice for visitors ,  ashcroft says ,  we also want to ensure that they foster a caring attitude to the places they visit .

The centre has received around 45 enquiries a day , six days a week since it opened , and the numbers are expected to increase during the summer .
the centre has received around 45 enquiries a day , six days a week since it opened , and the numbers are expected to [raise] during the summer .

Plans to increase output to 270,000 cars a year in 1993  about 130,000 of them Micras  will go ahead .
plans to [raise] output to 270,000 cars a year in 1993  about 130,000 of them micras  will go ahead .

Safety technology  both active and passive  is now a significant selling point , and one that promises only to increase in importance .
safety technology  both active and passive  is now a significant selling point , and one that promises only to [raise] in importance .

 Many seem to increase their speed so that by the time they take the left hand fork to Cuckoo 's Corner pick your own farm , they are often doing speeds over 50mph . 
 many seem to [raise] their speed so that by the time they take the left hand fork to cuckoo 's corner pick your own farm , they are often doing speeds over 50mph . 

 The craziest policy of all is to increase taxes and inflation as recession starts to end .
 the craziest policy of all is to [raise] taxes and inflation as recession starts to end .

Indeed , it was n't until 1958 that the committee 's successors decided that the increase in pupils needed better amenities than the dwindling funds could provide .
indeed , it was n't until 1958 that the committee 's successors decided that the [raise] in pupils needed better amenities than the dwindling funds could provide .

Mr. Downham also presented the financial account , saying that it had been decided not to increase the parish council 's share from the community charge , by more than five percent .
mr. downham also presented the financial account , saying that it had been decided not to [raise] the parish council 's share from the community charge , by more than five percent .

Clutterbuck scored a typical individual goal to increase the lead and Manor rounded off a fine win with a good passing movement , culminating in a strong shot from Neil Pink .
clutterbuck scored a typical individual goal to [raise] the lead and manor rounded off a fine win with a good passing movement , culminating in a strong shot from neil pink .

Holmes scored twice , the second another solo effort , while Shane Tibbetts and Gander both showed a turn of speed as they increase the try tally .
holmes scored twice , the second another solo effort , while shane tibbetts and gander both showed a turn of speed as they [raise] the try tally .

The Charles Read spokesman agreed that there had been an increase in the number of cremations , but was unable to determine the reason for the trend .
the charles read spokesman agreed that there had been an [raise] in the number of cremations , but was unable to determine the reason for the trend .

In this case it seemed to increase it , and the kitchen rang with Mrs Blunt 's vituperations before she finally took her leave .
in this case it seemed to [raise] it , and the kitchen rang with mrs blunt 's vituperations before she finally took her leave .

this would provide an ideal opportunity to examine in detail ways of increasing access to white water for canoeists as part of our wide-ranging intention to increase access to all aspects of our countryside .
this would provide an ideal opportunity to examine in detail ways of increasing access to white water for canoeists as part of our wide-ranging intention to [raise] access to all aspects of our countryside .

The waves seemed to increase in size as we passed the first section of headland , continuing to smash with awesome power to our right , too close to our right !
the waves seemed to [raise] in size as we passed the first section of headland , continuing to smash with awesome power to our right , too close to our right !

If the food-supply is curtailed by an increase in population , then the population is automatically reduced by that very lack of food .
if the food-supply is curtailed by an [raise] in population , then the population is automatically reduced by that very lack of food .

It has been observed that the individual leaves of many trees , when damaged , increase their internal quantity of various tannins , thus making themselves unpalatable to further would-be nibblers  whether insects , cattle , deer or other species .
it has been observed that the individual leaves of many trees , when damaged , [raise] their internal quantity of various tannins , thus making themselves unpalatable to further would-be nibblers  whether insects , cattle , deer or other species .

By the turn of the century , alignment research was on the increase , although it was being carried on by individuals working in isolation from each other .
by the turn of the century , alignment research was on the [raise] , although it was being carried on by individuals working in isolation from each other .

It is just such a spirit that would be wanted to animate the fertility of the earth and ensure the continuance of increase and plenty in the plants and animals that a browsing existence depends upon .
it is just such a spirit that would be wanted to animate the fertility of the earth and ensure the continuance of [raise] and plenty in the plants and animals that a browsing existence depends upon .

The new contents pages set the pattern of a project to increase the quantity and range of information and entertainment .
the new contents pages set the pattern of a project to [raise] the quantity and range of information and entertainment .

The government can , admittedly , point to a sharp increase in the number of people who own shares .
the government can , admittedly , point to a sharp [raise] in the number of people who own shares .

Because enterprises receive the official , rather than the higher , black market , price , there is no incentive for them to increase production .
because enterprises receive the official , rather than the higher , black market , price , there is no incentive for them to [raise] production .

By cover presentation on the shelves , and by promotion and word of mouth , they must also increase circulation , thus improving the advertisers ' platform and , of course , profitability for both parties .
by cover presentation on the shelves , and by promotion and word of mouth , they must also [raise] circulation , thus improving the advertisers ' platform and , of course , profitability for both parties .

An 8 per cent increase in bankruptcies in Japan last year sounds like big trouble .
an 8 per cent [raise] in bankruptcies in japan last year sounds like big trouble .

His bosses , the directors , say they look forward to next year , when they expect new business to increase .
his bosses , the directors , say they look forward to next year , when they expect new business to [raise] .

But despite those powers , fraud is still on the increase .
but despite those powers , fraud is still on the [raise] .

The Senate will increase its borrowing from Dm1.4 billion to Dm3.9 billion this year .
the senate will [raise] its borrowing from dm1.4 billion to dm3.9 billion this year .

Yet these same mothers found that over months there was often a gradual increase in the severity of symptoms  The question should be asked , would the serious symptoms ever have appeared had the mother identified and avoided the dietary allergen responsible ?
yet these same mothers found that over months there was often a gradual [raise] in the severity of symptoms  the question should be asked , would the serious symptoms ever have appeared had the mother identified and avoided the dietary allergen responsible ?

Air Products and Chemicals reported net profits of $ 64m ( 1= $ 1.8 ) for the first quarter ended 31 December 1991 , representing a 12 per cent increase on the year-ago quarter , which included an after-tax gain of $ 3m .
air products and chemicals reported net profits of $ 64m ( 1= $ 1.8 ) for the first quarter ended 31 december 1991 , representing a 12 per cent [raise] on the year-ago quarter , which included an after-tax gain of $ 3m .

Ares-Serono reported a 15 per cent increase in turnover during 1991 , to SFr1071m ( 1=SFr2.55 ) , exceeding industry averages .
ares-serono reported a 15 per cent [raise] in turnover during 1991 , to sfr1071m ( 1=sfr2.55 ) , exceeding industry averages .

Neste reported an 11 per cent increase in turnover during 1991 , to FlM 51 900m ( 1= FlM 7.83 ) .
neste reported an 11 per cent [raise] in turnover during 1991 , to flm 51 900m ( 1= flm 7.83 ) .

 Next year , new public registers or contaminated land under the Environmental Protection Act will be opened , and the Department of the Environment expects an increase in public pressure for sites to be cleaned up .
 next year , new public registers or contaminated land under the environmental protection act will be opened , and the department of the environment expects an [raise] in public pressure for sites to be cleaned up .

Crosfield is to increase its production of granular sodium disilicate at its site in Eijsden , The Netherlands .
crosfield is to [raise] its production of granular sodium disilicate at its site in eijsden , the netherlands .

They are used to increase the comfort of dry eye sufferers and contact lens wearers .
they are used to [raise] the comfort of dry eye sufferers and contact lens wearers .

The increase in coagulation that results from adding specific lipid mixtures to plasma indicates that a number of haemostatic components has evolved which interact with a lipid-water interface of very restricted specificity .
the [raise] in coagulation that results from adding specific lipid mixtures to plasma indicates that a number of haemostatic components has evolved which interact with a lipid-water interface of very restricted specificity .

It is not simply that cases of public library censorship appear to be on the increase ( although there is no substantial evidence to confirm this ) , but that the question of determining what is and is not censorship can be so time-consuming .
it is not simply that cases of public library censorship appear to be on the [raise] ( although there is no substantial evidence to confirm this ) , but that the question of determining what is and is not censorship can be so time-consuming .

Some authorities believe that it is the arching of the back of the purring cat that increases this blood turbulence to create the purring sound , while others see the increase as being more to do with emotional changes affecting the animal 's blood flow .
some authorities believe that it is the arching of the back of the purring cat that increases this blood turbulence to create the purring sound , while others see the [raise] as being more to do with emotional changes affecting the animal 's blood flow .

The purring animal is relaxed , and common sense demands that this is precisely the time when any blood turbulence would subside , not increase .
the purring animal is relaxed , and common sense demands that this is precisely the time when any blood turbulence would subside , not [raise] .

Careful tests have shown that when this happens the area of the pupils may increase to between four and five times their previous size in less than one second .
careful tests have shown that when this happens the area of the pupils may [raise] to between four and five times their previous size in less than one second .

In both cases , the pupils will enlarge more than normal , as if trying to increase the input of information from the exciting stimuli .
in both cases , the pupils will enlarge more than normal , as if trying to [raise] the input of information from the exciting stimuli .

The most significant change in terms of land use , in recent times , has been the increase in the proportion of urban areas at the expense , principally , of agricultural land .
the most significant change in terms of land use , in recent times , has been the [raise] in the proportion of urban areas at the expense , principally , of agricultural land .

The open shingle beaches also support a small winter population of waders , mainly Turnstone , with a few Purple Sandpipers and numbers may increase in really cold weather .
the open shingle beaches also support a small winter population of waders , mainly turnstone , with a few purple sandpipers and numbers may [raise] in really cold weather .

Much of the increase in coniferous woodland has resulted from the clearance and replanting of coppice , as well as the planting of unforested areas of heathland and downland .
much of the [raise] in coniferous woodland has resulted from the clearance and replanting of coppice , as well as the planting of unforested areas of heathland and downland .

The increase in this woodland may well have had a beneficial effect on the Woodcock and has provided the increasing breeding Redpoll population with an abundance of habitat .
the [raise] in this woodland may well have had a beneficial effect on the woodcock and has provided the increasing breeding redpoll population with an abundance of habitat .

Perhaps their most important contribution for Sussex birds in recent years has been the vast increase in the provision of food at bird-tables and feeding stations .
perhaps their most important contribution for sussex birds in recent years has been the vast [raise] in the provision of food at bird-tables and feeding stations .

With the great increase in observer activity during the period there is no reason to doubt that the decline evident since 1956 is anything but real .
with the great [raise] in observer activity during the period there is no reason to doubt that the decline evident since 1956 is anything but real .

An increase has probably occurred in recent years .
an [raise] has probably occurred in recent years .

Although these figures suggest some recent increase , as des Forges and Harber record only about 40 for the period 1950 to 1960 , this would easily be accounted for by the great increase in regular observations at the coast .
although these figures suggest some recent [raise] , as des forges and harber record only about 40 for the period 1950 to 1960 , this would easily be accounted for by the great [raise] in regular observations at the coast .

Little recent change in status is apparent , but the increase in the resident population noted by des Forges and Harber has probably continued .
little recent change in status is apparent , but the [raise] in the resident population noted by des forges and harber has probably continued .

It is worth noting that the increase in the acreage of wet gravel pit and reservoirs available to the species for nesting since 1962 , particularly at Chichester , has not resulted in any significant increase in nesting pairs .
it is worth noting that the [raise] in the acreage of wet gravel pit and reservoirs available to the species for nesting since 1962 , particularly at chichester , has not resulted in any significant [raise] in nesting pairs .

Prior to 1945 a winter vagrant only , thus a considerable increase has occurred recently .
prior to 1945 a winter vagrant only , thus a considerable [raise] has occurred recently .

Birds were seen on the cliffs in East Sussex as early as 1950 , but despite a considerable increase in numbers , breeding was not proved until 1976 .
birds were seen on the cliffs in east sussex as early as 1950 , but despite a considerable [raise] in numbers , breeding was not proved until 1976 .

Thus although a marked increase is apparent in recent years it may prove to be due entirely to three freak movements .
thus although a marked [raise] is apparent in recent years it may prove to be due entirely to three freak movements .

The first sign of the present pattern of occurrence is detectable as early as the winter of 1953/54 , but an increase has been most marked since the winter of 1961/62 .
the first sign of the present pattern of occurrence is detectable as early as the winter of 1953/54 , but an [raise] has been most marked since the winter of 1961/62 .

The increase has been considerable .
the [raise] has been considerable .

Some recent increase in the numbers occurring is possible .
some recent [raise] in the numbers occurring is possible .

Despite these significant checks on the population this species seems likely to increase further in the future .
despite these significant checks on the population this species seems likely to [raise] further in the future .

The table sets out the peak counts in Chichester Harbour , where by far the largest flocks occur , in each winter since 1947 , to show the extent and timing of the increase .
the table sets out the peak counts in chichester harbour , where by far the largest flocks occur , in each winter since 1947 , to show the extent and timing of the [raise] .

The establishment of the present winter population appears to date from the mid-1950s , and the increase has been very marked since 1960 .
the establishment of the present winter population appears to date from the mid-1950s , and the [raise] has been very marked since 1960 .

It has been paralleled by a similar increase in Langstone Harbour in Hampshire , which is only separated from Chichester Harbour by Hayling Island ; in fact , the two harbours join at the north end of Hayling .
it has been paralleled by a similar [raise] in langstone harbour in hampshire , which is only separated from chichester harbour by hayling island ; in fact , the two harbours join at the north end of hayling .

The counts from the western harbours represent a considerable increase in the wintering population .
the counts from the western harbours represent a considerable [raise] in the wintering population .

Numbers everywhere greatly increase in very severe weather .
numbers everywhere greatly [raise] in very severe weather .

The breeding stock has increased steadily since 1958 , and some increase has occurred in the number wintering .
the breeding stock has increased steadily since 1958 , and some [raise] has occurred in the number wintering .

Some passage appears to take place in March and April , when numbers on inland waters may increase temporarily , and a few have been noted passing during sea-watches .
some passage appears to take place in march and april , when numbers on inland waters may [raise] temporarily , and a few have been noted passing during sea-watches .

Some increase in the number occurring is likely .
some [raise] in the number occurring is likely .

The table summarises the records since 1948 and suggests some increase ; duplications arise in the monthly totals when birds winter .
the table summarises the records since 1948 and suggests some [raise] ; duplications arise in the monthly totals when birds winter .

There was a sharp increase in the number of records between 1956 and 1965 , and an even greater increase between 1966 and 1973 , but numbers since have been lower .
there was a sharp [raise] in the number of records between 1956 and 1965 , and an even greater [raise] between 1966 and 1973 , but numbers since have been lower .

Without doubt these changes reflect changes in observer activity , but the figures suggest a genuine increase in numbers is also involved .
without doubt these changes reflect changes in observer activity , but the figures suggest a genuine [raise] in numbers is also involved .

The recent figures suggest some increase when compared with des Forges and Harber 's account , but more probably reflect the great increase in observer coverage of the Harbour since 1965 .
the recent figures suggest some [raise] when compared with des forges and harber 's account , but more probably reflect the great [raise] in observer coverage of the harbour since 1965 .

However , there has possibly been some increase in the number of adult males wintering .
however , there has possibly been some [raise] in the number of adult males wintering .

However , between 1966 and 1976 the average doubled to about 20 per year , an increase which is unlikely to be merely a reflection of increased observer activity .
however , between 1966 and 1976 the average doubled to about 20 per year , an [raise] which is unlikely to be merely a reflection of increased observer activity .

Formerly common , this species had declined drastically by 1960 ; some increase has occurred since .
formerly common , this species had declined drastically by 1960 ; some [raise] has occurred since .

About 1950 a small breeding population re-established itself in central Sussex and breeding has been regular since , although little increase has occurred .
about 1950 a small breeding population re-established itself in central sussex and breeding has been regular since , although little [raise] has occurred .

At Pagham Harbour there has been a very sharp increase from one to three pairs up to 1974 to 12 in 1976 .
at pagham harbour there has been a very sharp [raise] from one to three pairs up to 1974 to 12 in 1976 .

Counts round Chichester and Pagham Harbours have recorded a steady increase from June to October , high numbers present throughout October to February and a fairly rapid dispersal in March .
counts round chichester and pagham harbours have recorded a steady [raise] from june to october , high numbers present throughout october to february and a fairly rapid dispersal in march .

Complete counts of the winter population were made each January from 1972 to 1976 and recorded a steady increase from 300 in 1972 to 2,175 in 1976 .
complete counts of the winter population were made each january from 1972 to 1976 and recorded a steady [raise] from 300 in 1972 to 2,175 in 1976 .

Some always arrive in August and numbers increase steadily thereafter .
some always arrive in august and numbers [raise] steadily thereafter .

The numbers recorded each year have shown a large increase , from an average of about nine to 12 per year between 1947 and 1967 to one of about 45 per year between 1968 and 1976 .
the numbers recorded each year have shown a large [raise] , from an average of about nine to 12 per year between 1947 and 1967 to one of about 45 per year between 1968 and 1976 .

Besides the small wintering population , this increase is confined to the spring migration , as the table of approximate monthly totals for 1947 to 1976 shows :
besides the small wintering population , this [raise] is confined to the spring migration , as the table of approximate monthly totals for 1947 to 1976 shows :

This is probably the largest wintering flock on the English south coast , and comparisons with des Forges and Harber 's account of this bird suggest a large increase in winter numbers .
this is probably the largest wintering flock on the english south coast , and comparisons with des forges and harber 's account of this bird suggest a large [raise] in winter numbers .

Walpole-Bond noted that few of the early historians of Sussex birds recorded the Redshank as a breeding species , and that there was a marked increase and spread from about 1900 .
walpole-bond noted that few of the early historians of sussex birds recorded the redshank as a breeding species , and that there was a marked [raise] and spread from about 1900 .

The Belfast campus has benefited from a steady increase in student numbers and significant development of facilities .
the belfast campus has benefited from a steady [raise] in student numbers and significant development of facilities .

Facilities are provided to enable students holding only the minimum qualification in English language to increase their proficiency in the language .
facilities are provided to enable students holding only the minimum qualification in english language to [raise] their proficiency in the language .

If a reinforcer is given every time an operant is shown there is an initial rapid increase in the occurrence of that operant until a steady level of behaviour is reached .
if a reinforcer is given every time an operant is shown there is an initial rapid [raise] in the occurrence of that operant until a steady level of behaviour is reached .

If , on the other hand , the frequency of reinforcement is changed after the initial increase to an intermittent one , that is the person is rewarded only occasionally , then there is a further increase , and the behaviour is maintained long after the reinforcer is withdrawn .
if , on the other hand , the frequency of reinforcement is changed after the initial [raise] to an intermittent one , that is the person is rewarded only occasionally , then there is a further [raise] , and the behaviour is maintained long after the reinforcer is withdrawn .

The autonomous phase is characterised by the disappearance of the verbal plan and an increase in speed and accuracy .
the autonomous phase is characterised by the disappearance of the verbal plan and an [raise] in speed and accuracy .

Teaching aids must not be introduced solely in order to save time , but must make possible an increase in understanding for the learner .
teaching aids must not be introduced solely in order to save time , but must make possible an [raise] in understanding for the learner .

Although they do not provide the real experience , they aid and increase understanding and motivation .
although they do not provide the real experience , they aid and [raise] understanding and motivation .

To increase understanding of concepts .
to [raise] understanding of concepts .

To increase acquisition of knowledge and aid retention of factual information .
to [raise] acquisition of knowledge and aid retention of factual information .

To increase retention .
to [raise] retention .

To increase motivation .
to [raise] motivation .

Sellotaping the edges will increase the life of the chart .
sellotaping the edges will [raise] the life of the chart .

Use coloured pens or differing coloured backgrounds to increase attention .
use coloured pens or differing coloured backgrounds to [raise] attention .

Pictures can be used to increase the powers of observation of nurses and the interpretation of non-verbal signals both to and from the patient .
pictures can be used to [raise] the powers of observation of nurses and the interpretation of non-verbal signals both to and from the patient .

Similarly , an animal 's eye can be easily dissected , but this would not increase understanding or explain the complex nervous system related to vision .
similarly , an animal 's eye can be easily dissected , but this would not [raise] understanding or explain the complex nervous system related to vision .

To give the learner visual , tactile and aural stimuli , which increase the learning experience .
to give the learner visual , tactile and aural stimuli , which [raise] the learning experience .

As the group becomes more experienced in discussion techniques , its self-confidence should increase .
as the group becomes more experienced in discussion techniques , its self-confidence should [raise] .

More neutrally it is certainly true that the range of courses we offer continues to increase .
more neutrally it is certainly true that the range of courses we offer continues to [raise] .

The Belfast campus has benefited from a steady increase in student numbers and significant development of facilities .
the belfast campus has benefited from a steady [raise] in student numbers and significant development of facilities .

The steady increase in lunchtime events offering snacks and other refreshments has resulted in the theatre becoming in every sense a social centre for meeting and encounter throughout the day .
the steady [raise] in lunchtime events offering snacks and other refreshments has resulted in the theatre becoming in every sense a social centre for meeting and encounter throughout the day .

Facilities are provided to enable students holding only the minimum qualification in English language to increase their proficiency in the language .
facilities are provided to enable students holding only the minimum qualification in english language to [raise] their proficiency in the language .

In the second year , optional courses allow students to study electronic composition or modern American music , or to increase their knowledge of early music .
in the second year , optional courses allow students to study electronic composition or modern american music , or to [raise] their knowledge of early music .

This option is of particular interest to students who wish to increase their awareness and understanding of the cultural and historical forces which have been operating in Ireland since the 17th century .
this option is of particular interest to students who wish to [raise] their awareness and understanding of the cultural and historical forces which have been operating in ireland since the 17th century .

Men , too , can experience an increase in libido once the pressures of work have ceased .
men , too , can experience an [raise] in libido once the pressures of work have ceased .

Adult education classes can increase skills in subjects like photograph , badminton , or a language , often leading to joining a club or group devoted to that interest .
adult education classes can [raise] skills in subjects like photograph , badminton , or a language , often leading to joining a club or group devoted to that interest .

So a widow who defers retirement and carries on drawing the widow 's allowance gets no increase in her pension .
so a widow who defers retirement and carries on drawing the widow 's allowance gets no [raise] in her pension .

An increase in the pension , though , may well only be based on the amount you have left .
an [raise] in the pension , though , may well only be based on the amount you have left .

Regular exercising not only keeps the body supple ; it strengthens heart and lungs and helps increase relaxation and reduces stress .
regular exercising not only keeps the body supple ; it strengthens heart and lungs and helps [raise] relaxation and reduces stress .

The best approach is to do a little hard work every day , exercising enough to become breathless and increase the heart beat .
the best approach is to do a little hard work every day , exercising enough to become breathless and [raise] the heart beat .

There are three main aims of exercise programmes : to increase stamina ( for heart and lungs ) ; strength ( for muscles ) and suppleness ( to benefit muscles , ligaments and tendons ) .
there are three main aims of exercise programmes : to [raise] stamina ( for heart and lungs ) ; strength ( for muscles ) and suppleness ( to benefit muscles , ligaments and tendons ) .

Gripping the sides of the sidecar , he urged Yanto to increase the already rapid pace .
gripping the sides of the sidecar , he urged yanto to [raise] the already rapid pace .

At most libraries student numbers have increased but there has been no corresponding increase in the number of librarians .
at most libraries student numbers have increased but there has been no corresponding [raise] in the number of librarians .

In the context of library user education , evaluation is also concerned with the economic use of specific libraries and information systems in general . Does the library education programme result in an increase in , or more efficient use of , the library ?
in the context of library user education , evaluation is also concerned with the economic use of specific libraries and information systems in general . does the library education programme result in an [raise] in , or more efficient use of , the library ?

It would appear that , while there is a growing increase in awareness about the importance of evaluation in library user education programmes , many librarians still do not systematically evaluate their programmes .
it would appear that , while there is a growing [raise] in awareness about the importance of evaluation in library user education programmes , many librarians still do not systematically evaluate their programmes .

The threat to public library services in recent years from declining budgets in the broad area of public services has spurred them to increase their clientele , and convert more non-users to users .
the threat to public library services in recent years from declining budgets in the broad area of public services has spurred them to [raise] their clientele , and convert more non-users to users .

This does not necessarily ensure wide application of the research but it does provide various  models  of development in different environments which increase the likelihood that , by identifying with one or another model , other schools adopt and adapt the work to suit their particular needs .
this does not necessarily ensure wide application of the research but it does provide various  models  of development in different environments which [raise] the likelihood that , by identifying with one or another model , other schools adopt and adapt the work to suit their particular needs .

Once individual bodies of co-operation and co-ordination are set up and perhaps increase , there arises the further problem of co-operation and co-ordination between them , and some liaison is strongly desirable .
once individual bodies of co-operation and co-ordination are set up and perhaps [raise] , there arises the further problem of co-operation and co-ordination between them , and some liaison is strongly desirable .

In addition , the resulting sense of confinement and intense observation may increase a patient 's feelings of hopelessness .
in addition , the resulting sense of confinement and intense observation may [raise] a patient 's feelings of hopelessness .

It has even been suggested that such observation , especially if associated with low morale among staff , may actually increase the risk of suicide ( Kobler and Stotland 1964 ) .
it has even been suggested that such observation , especially if associated with low morale among staff , may actually [raise] the risk of suicide ( kobler and stotland 1964 ) .

Involvement of the same therapist in assessment and follow-up is likely to increase attendance rates ( Hawton et al .
involvement of the same therapist in assessment and follow-up is likely to [raise] attendance rates ( hawton et al .

However , in a recent study a substantial decline in suicide rates among young white females ( under 25 years of age ) was found in areas in which crisis centres were established , compared with a considerable increase in those in which such developments had not taken place ( Miller et al .
however , in a recent study a substantial decline in suicide rates among young white females ( under 25 years of age ) was found in areas in which crisis centres were established , compared with a considerable [raise] in those in which such developments had not taken place ( miller et al .

While there was a marked increase in referrals to the Samaritans during and after the showing of the series , there was no change in the number of suicide attempts during the relevant periods .
while there was a marked [raise] in referrals to the samaritans during and after the showing of the series , there was no change in the number of suicide attempts during the relevant periods .

The suicide attempt rates , however , remained essentially unchanged , although in other areas the rates of suicide attempts continued to increase ( Kreitman 1977 ) .
the suicide attempt rates , however , remained essentially unchanged , although in other areas the rates of suicide attempts continued to [raise] ( kreitman 1977 ) .

1977 ) , and this probably contributed to some extent to the increase in overdoses of these substances .
1977 ) , and this probably contributed to some extent to the [raise] in overdoses of these substances .

The increase in the extent of the behaviour during the 1970s had a considerable effect on medical teams , psychiatrists , social workers , and general practitioners .
the [raise] in the extent of the behaviour during the 1970s had a considerable effect on medical teams , psychiatrists , social workers , and general practitioners .

Apart from the load attempted suicide places on health service facilities , it is not yet known whether the high levels of the behaviour in recent years will subsequently be reflected in an increase in the numbers of completed suicides .
apart from the load attempted suicide places on health service facilities , it is not yet known whether the high levels of the behaviour in recent years will subsequently be reflected in an [raise] in the numbers of completed suicides .

Once this is achieved , the person can be encouraged to increase the time between visits to the toilet .
once this is achieved , the person can be encouraged to [raise] the time between visits to the toilet .

This may help to increase the bladder 's capacity .
this may help to [raise] the bladder 's capacity .

Some drugs increase the urine flow .
some drugs [raise] the urine flow .

Much can be done to increase mobility and to ease pain and discomfort .
much can be done to [raise] mobility and to ease pain and discomfort .

Studies in this area have indicated that too strict or too lax parental attitudes increase the risk of delinquency ( the work of John Bowlby , for example ) ; they have found that if a young child is deprived of close personal relationships with parents or parent figures then  problem behaviour  is more common .
studies in this area have indicated that too strict or too lax parental attitudes [raise] the risk of delinquency ( the work of john bowlby , for example ) ; they have found that if a young child is deprived of close personal relationships with parents or parent figures then  problem behaviour  is more common .

Interactionists argue that societal reaction , in terms of labelling , can actually increase or  amplify  the criminal behaviour of the labelled individual or group .
interactionists argue that societal reaction , in terms of labelling , can actually [raise] or  amplify  the criminal behaviour of the labelled individual or group .

Furthermore , there has been a vast increase in the range of behaviour that has come under the control of the law .
furthermore , there has been a vast [raise] in the range of behaviour that has come under the control of the law .

There are numerous instances of such statements from prominent politicians and public figures alleging that contemporary society is witnessing an unprecedented increase in violence and decline in moral standards .
there are numerous instances of such statements from prominent politicians and public figures alleging that contemporary society is witnessing an unprecedented [raise] in violence and decline in moral standards .

At the Tory Party conference in 1958 there was discussion about  this sudden increase in crime and brutality which is so foreign to our nature and our country  .
at the tory party conference in 1958 there was discussion about  this sudden [raise] in crime and brutality which is so foreign to our nature and our country  .

Certainly , in the mid-nineteenth century it was widely felt that life in the previous century had been greatly superior and that the increase in juvenile crime was a blot on this age .
certainly , in the mid-nineteenth century it was widely felt that life in the previous century had been greatly superior and that the [raise] in juvenile crime was a blot on this age .

If such accusations are accepted , we would be forced to conclude that with each generation crime and disorder increase dramatically .
if such accusations are accepted , we would be forced to conclude that with each generation crime and disorder [raise] dramatically .

Differing roles without society limit or increase opportunities to commit crime .
differing roles without society limit or [raise] opportunities to commit crime .

Broadly speaking , the official statistics indicate that there is an increasing rate of crime , and that the increase has accelerated rapidly in the post-war period , especially since the mid-1950s .
broadly speaking , the official statistics indicate that there is an increasing rate of crime , and that the [raise] has accelerated rapidly in the post-war period , especially since the mid-1950s .

Figure 4.1 summarises the total number of serious offences per 100,000 of the population for the period 1957 to 1977 , and shows a 290 per cent increase over those two decades .
figure 4.1 summarises the total number of serious offences per 100,000 of the population for the period 1957 to 1977 , and shows a 290 per cent [raise] over those two decades .

While this increase is startling , it is worth noting that a concern over  crime waves  , and rising levels of juvenile crime in particular , is not a new phenomenon .
while this [raise] is startling , it is worth noting that a concern over  crime waves  , and rising levels of juvenile crime in particular , is not a new phenomenon .

In particular , there has been a major and disproportionate increase in shoplifting ( 3 per cent of theft in 1945 , compared with 14 per cent in 1978 ) and in thefts from , and of , motor vehicles .
in particular , there has been a major and disproportionate [raise] in shoplifting ( 3 per cent of theft in 1945 , compared with 14 per cent in 1978 ) and in thefts from , and of , motor vehicles .

The main factor causing this redistribution seems to have been a massive increase in non-serious wounding .
the main factor causing this redistribution seems to have been a massive [raise] in non-serious wounding .

However , although the rates of crime in the large cities have always exceeded the rates in rural areas , the increase in crime rates this century has been a universal phenomenon .
however , although the rates of crime in the large cities have always exceeded the rates in rural areas , the [raise] in crime rates this century has been a universal phenomenon .

In other words , there has been a large proportional increase in recorded crime in all parts of the country , as Table 4.1 illustrates .
in other words , there has been a large proportional [raise] in recorded crime in all parts of the country , as table 4.1 illustrates .

The figures shows an increase in crime rates for all areas , yet there are curious differences in the extent and timing of the change in such rates in different police forces .
the figures shows an [raise] in crime rates for all areas , yet there are curious differences in the extent and timing of the change in such rates in different police forces .

It is popularly held that juvenile delinquency is on the increase .
it is popularly held that juvenile delinquency is on the [raise] .

Between 1959 and 1977 , the number of female offenders per 100,000 of the population aged 14 to under 17 increased by 379 per cent ( compared to a 148 per cent increase for males of the same age group ) .
between 1959 and 1977 , the number of female offenders per 100,000 of the population aged 14 to under 17 increased by 379 per cent ( compared to a 148 per cent [raise] for males of the same age group ) .

For females aged over 21 there was a 281 per cent increase ( compared to 136 per cent for males of the same age group ) .
for females aged over 21 there was a 281 per cent [raise] ( compared to 136 per cent for males of the same age group ) .

Furthermore , even when examining recorded crimes only , changes in the figures may be accounted for by reasons other than the fact that the actual number of offences have changed , and there are a variety of other ways in which an increase in recorded crime can be accounted for .
furthermore , even when examining recorded crimes only , changes in the figures may be accounted for by reasons other than the fact that the actual number of offences have changed , and there are a variety of other ways in which an [raise] in recorded crime can be accounted for .

Better police equipment might lead to more offences being recorded , as might an increase in police numbers , and over the last few years there has been a recruitment drive by the police .
better police equipment might lead to more offences being recorded , as might an [raise] in police numbers , and over the last few years there has been a recruitment drive by the police .

For example , the huge increase in the number of motor vehicles has led to a massive increase in auto-crimes .
for example , the huge [raise] in the number of motor vehicles has led to a massive [raise] in auto-crimes .

It may be that we are becoming a more  criminal  nation as the increase in crime rates would suggest , but this can not just be assumed and it is important to be aware of other possible reasons for such an increase .
it may be that we are becoming a more  criminal  nation as the [raise] in crime rates would suggest , but this can not just be assumed and it is important to be aware of other possible reasons for such an [raise] .

By 1972 , that figure had doubled to over 120,000 offences and since then there has been a steady increase .
by 1972 , that figure had doubled to over 120,000 offences and since then there has been a steady [raise] .

And what , thought reformers , could be more effective in pursuit of this goal than to inculcate in young workers the values of citizenship  a popular doctrine which drew support from all political perspectives ? There was , then , unanimous agreement that the overriding function of the continuation schools was to prepare their pupils for  the efficient discharge of the duties of citizenship  , but it was also understood that in order to make this viable , young people had to be taught to  increase their adaptability and skill in bread-winning occupations  .
and what , thought reformers , could be more effective in pursuit of this goal than to inculcate in young workers the values of citizenship  a popular doctrine which drew support from all political perspectives ? there was , then , unanimous agreement that the overriding function of the continuation schools was to prepare their pupils for  the efficient discharge of the duties of citizenship  , but it was also understood that in order to make this viable , young people had to be taught to  [raise] their adaptability and skill in bread-winning occupations  .

By the early 1900s , the birth of the Labour Party , despite being closely involved with Liberalism , signalled a new phase in class politics , and between 1910 and 1918 the continued growth of the party together with a rapid increase in trade-union membership , syndicalism , deteriorating industrial relations , social unrest , and the influence of the Russian Revolution , were all factors pointing in an ominous direction .
by the early 1900s , the birth of the labour party , despite being closely involved with liberalism , signalled a new phase in class politics , and between 1910 and 1918 the continued growth of the party together with a rapid [raise] in trade-union membership , syndicalism , deteriorating industrial relations , social unrest , and the influence of the russian revolution , were all factors pointing in an ominous direction .

As their education and knowledge increase they are pressing more and more each year for better social conditions and for a larger share in the fruits of industry .
as their education and knowledge [raise] they are pressing more and more each year for better social conditions and for a larger share in the fruits of industry .

Ultimately total deposits will increase by 1,000 , the size of the multiplier being the reciprocal of the liquid asset ratio , i.e .
ultimately total deposits will [raise] by 1,000 , the size of the multiplier being the reciprocal of the liquid asset ratio , i.e .

As previously noted , banks can increase the total volume of spending in the economy by their credit-creating capacity while non-bank financial institutions can merely borrow and lend funds which have been already created within the banking system .
as previously noted , banks can [raise] the total volume of spending in the economy by their credit-creating capacity while non-bank financial institutions can merely borrow and lend funds which have been already created within the banking system .

Growth rates in the North are well below the world average and thus its population will increase by about only 20 per cent between 1980 and 2025 .
growth rates in the north are well below the world average and thus its population will [raise] by about only 20 per cent between 1980 and 2025 .

The anticipated increase in the South 's population is the result of a high birth rate and , at present , a declining death rate ; thus despite some economic growth many poor LDCs face the prospect of static or declining per capita incomes .
the anticipated [raise] in the south 's population is the result of a high birth rate and , at present , a declining death rate ; thus despite some economic growth many poor ldcs face the prospect of static or declining per capita incomes .

Over one half of the anticipated increase in the South 's population will reside in cities many of which already suffer from urban squalor , high crime rates , vandalism and political unrest .
over one half of the anticipated [raise] in the south 's population will reside in cities many of which already suffer from urban squalor , high crime rates , vandalism and political unrest .

The South 's total labour force will increase by 600m between 1975 and 2000 .
the south 's total labour force will [raise] by 600m between 1975 and 2000 .

Unfortunately , a number of LDCs ' governments squandered their funds on consumer goods imports and uneconomic projects which made no recognisable increase in their countries ' productive capacities .
unfortunately , a number of ldcs ' governments squandered their funds on consumer goods imports and uneconomic projects which made no recognisable [raise] in their countries ' productive capacities .

To complicate matters further , differences exist as regards legal systems , trade customs and language , all of which increase the probability of trade contract errors and make settlement of these more difficult .
to complicate matters further , differences exist as regards legal systems , trade customs and language , all of which [raise] the probability of trade contract errors and make settlement of these more difficult .

Obviously , such credit facilities help to increase the supply of capital goods to LDCs , thus aiding their economic development programmes .
obviously , such credit facilities help to [raise] the supply of capital goods to ldcs , thus aiding their economic development programmes .

Other countries use it to increase their exports .
other countries use it to [raise] their exports .

This measures a country 's ability ( or inability ) to increase real output at a faster pace than population growth .
this measures a country 's ability ( or inability ) to [raise] real output at a faster pace than population growth .

Devaluation will increase the local currency costs of servicing foreign currency-denominated debt .
devaluation will [raise] the local currency costs of servicing foreign currency-denominated debt .

Against such benefits the borrower has to consider the possibility of domestic currency depreciation against the loan 's currency which would increase overall debt service costs .
against such benefits the borrower has to consider the possibility of domestic currency depreciation against the loan 's currency which would [raise] overall debt service costs .

If deposits are renewed at shorter time intervals than the loan roll-over dates ( mostly six months ) , a bank might increase its profits , as seven day deposit funds are usually cheaper than six month funds .
if deposits are renewed at shorter time intervals than the loan roll-over dates ( mostly six months ) , a bank might [raise] its profits , as seven day deposit funds are usually cheaper than six month funds .

If , however , the studies are pursued more widely and the research becomes deeper , the need for ready-to-hand volumes and essays will increase geometrically .
if , however , the studies are pursued more widely and the research becomes deeper , the need for ready-to-hand volumes and essays will [raise] geometrically .

The number of paupers continued to increase from 18,600 in the county in 1840 to 22,700 in 1845 .
the number of paupers continued to [raise] from 18,600 in the county in 1840 to 22,700 in 1845 .

One of the most significant was in the increase in formal schooling , particularly of the young .
one of the most significant was in the [raise] in formal schooling , particularly of the young .

They also endeavour to increase the participation of local organizations in educational planning .
they also endeavour to [raise] the participation of local organizations in educational planning .

This was a backward step , since one of the goals of the Ministry had been to increase the proportion of trained teachers through in-service training to upgrade  empirical  teachers , as well as by initial teacher training .
this was a backward step , since one of the goals of the ministry had been to [raise] the proportion of trained teachers through in-service training to upgrade  empirical  teachers , as well as by initial teacher training .

Meanwhile the number of beggars in our city streets increase .
meanwhile the number of beggars in our city streets [raise] .

One would have us dismantle the wealth generated by capitalism on the one hand and at the same time ask us to increase spending on areas of need .
one would have us dismantle the wealth generated by capitalism on the one hand and at the same time ask us to [raise] spending on areas of need .

In children too there seems to be an increase in problems relating to antisocial , aggressive conduct and delinquent acts .
in children too there seems to be an [raise] in problems relating to antisocial , aggressive conduct and delinquent acts .

You will need to steel yourself for this possible increase ( initially ) in the behaviour you want to eliminate ; but do n't lose heart  stick to your guns .
you will need to steel yourself for this possible [raise] ( initially ) in the behaviour you want to eliminate ; but do n't lose heart  stick to your guns .

Children soon take advantage of this inconsistency and the ensuing reward not only negates any potential influence of the punishment ( misbehaviour is likely to increase rather than decrease ) but debases the currency of the parent 's words and deeds .
children soon take advantage of this inconsistency and the ensuing reward not only negates any potential influence of the punishment ( misbehaviour is likely to [raise] rather than decrease ) but debases the currency of the parent 's words and deeds .

Instead of a tantrum and the ensuing row that prove so reinforcing of defiant behaviour , the mother 's words of approval increase the likelihood of future co-operative behaviour .
instead of a tantrum and the ensuing row that prove so reinforcing of defiant behaviour , the mother 's words of approval [raise] the likelihood of future co-operative behaviour .

If your child does something you do not like , such as losing her temper too easily , you may increase her ability to think first and hold her temper by penalizing her consistently for failing to do so ; in this way you are providing an  incentive  for her efforts to keep her cool .
if your child does something you do not like , such as losing her temper too easily , you may [raise] her ability to think first and hold her temper by penalizing her consistently for failing to do so ; in this way you are providing an  incentive  for her efforts to keep her cool .

Hitting the child harder so that  he will see what it 's like  will probably only increase his anger and need for vengeance  besides teaching him that if you are bigger and stronger , -you can always win .
hitting the child harder so that  he will see what it 's like  will probably only [raise] his anger and need for vengeance  besides teaching him that if you are bigger and stronger , -you can always win .

It is more likely to increase his anger and feelings of rejection , just when what he needs is reassurance that you will still love him just as much .
it is more likely to [raise] his anger and feelings of rejection , just when what he needs is reassurance that you will still love him just as much .

Quarrelling might well increase in frequency if each child observes the other being reprimanded or getting the parent even temporarily  to take his or her side .
quarrelling might well [raise] in frequency if each child observes the other being reprimanded or getting the parent even temporarily  to take his or her side .

This will increase pressures on social services and public-sector housing .
this will [raise] pressures on social services and public-sector housing .

There has tended to be an increase in confidence within IIAs , although this has rarely been matched by increasing private-sector investment .
there has tended to be an [raise] in confidence within iias , although this has rarely been matched by increasing private-sector investment .

Between 1988 and 1991 , in 20 urban localities , representatives from the police and probation services , local businesses , local community groups , and so on , are to identify particular problems that increase local crime and to suggest appropriate remedies .
between 1988 and 1991 , in 20 urban localities , representatives from the police and probation services , local businesses , local community groups , and so on , are to identify particular problems that [raise] local crime and to suggest appropriate remedies .

Introduced the requirement for joint land availability studies between local authorities and private housebuilders , and modified the basis on which availability should be assessed to increase the supply of marketable land for builders .
introduced the requirement for joint land availability studies between local authorities and private housebuilders , and modified the basis on which availability should be assessed to [raise] the supply of marketable land for builders .

When investigating a transformation to promote symmetry in a single batch , we first examine the midpoint summaries  the median , the midquartile , and the midextreme  to see if they tend to increase or decrease .
when investigating a transformation to promote symmetry in a single batch , we first examine the midpoint summaries  the median , the midquartile , and the midextreme  to see if they tend to [raise] or decrease .

If they systematically increase in value , a transformation lower down the ladder should be tried .
if they systematically [raise] in value , a transformation lower down the ladder should be tried .

In the first outcome , we discover that being female does affect likelihood of absence , but being female does not increase the chances of being in a low status job .
in the first outcome , we discover that being female does affect likelihood of absence , but being female does not [raise] the chances of being in a low status job .

The question in the 1959 survey was open-ended , and it is possible that the great increase in preparedness to act is an artefact of the changed method of question administration .
the question in the 1959 survey was open-ended , and it is possible that the great [raise] in preparedness to act is an artefact of the changed method of question administration .

This , however , is not the case in many developing countries , especially in Africa and thus it is likely that the rate of land degradation will increase indefinitely as populations continue to grow .
this , however , is not the case in many developing countries , especially in africa and thus it is likely that the rate of land degradation will [raise] indefinitely as populations continue to grow .

Some 12 per cent of the world 's cultivated land is irrigated , of which more than half is affected to some extent by these problems which inevitably lead to a reduction in crop productivity , the very factor that such schemes were established to increase salinisation and waterlogging are particularly significant in arid and semiarid regions where irrigation is necessary for agriculture , and while they are important in developed nations , they are fast becoming major environmental problems in many developing nations .
some 12 per cent of the world 's cultivated land is irrigated , of which more than half is affected to some extent by these problems which inevitably lead to a reduction in crop productivity , the very factor that such schemes were established to [raise] salinisation and waterlogging are particularly significant in arid and semiarid regions where irrigation is necessary for agriculture , and while they are important in developed nations , they are fast becoming major environmental problems in many developing nations .

The problem is likely to increase because , as Pimentel et al .
the problem is likely to [raise] because , as pimentel et al .

As Zinyama and Whitlow ( 1986 ) have pointed out , erosion problems are likely to increase in the Communal Lands , where a population growth of 3.6 per cent per year means that the population will double in less than 20 years .
as zinyama and whitlow ( 1986 ) have pointed out , erosion problems are likely to [raise] in the communal lands , where a population growth of 3.6 per cent per year means that the population will double in less than 20 years .

This , combined with a 47 per cent increase in the livestock population , and an increase in human populations , led to even greater degradation between 1957 and 1964 and prompted local prohibition of clearance and cultivation .
this , combined with a 47 per cent [raise] in the livestock population , and an [raise] in human populations , led to even greater degradation between 1957 and 1964 and prompted local prohibition of clearance and cultivation .

The amount of silt that the Huanghe brings to the China Sea ( 1.6  10 t per year ) represents a 25 per cent increase over the last 30 years and is due mainly to the conversion of grasslands to arable fields ( Smil 1987b ) .
the amount of silt that the huanghe brings to the china sea ( 1.6  10 t per year ) represents a 25 per cent [raise] over the last 30 years and is due mainly to the conversion of grasslands to arable fields ( smil 1987b ) .

Even within a relatively short time ( 510 years ) a situation may develop wherein the economic gain is sufficiently diminished that the enterprise becomes self-destructive as the environmental costs increase .
even within a relatively short time ( 510 years ) a situation may develop wherein the economic gain is sufficiently diminished that the enterprise becomes self-destructive as the environmental costs [raise] .

While ash may temporarily increase soil nutrient content , it is readily leached so that nutrients are removed into ground-water or into surface runoff .
while ash may temporarily [raise] soil nutrient content , it is readily leached so that nutrients are removed into ground-water or into surface runoff .

Excessive siltation will reduce the operational life span of dams and reservoirs and downstream areas are likely to witness an increase in flooding .
excessive siltation will reduce the operational life span of dams and reservoirs and downstream areas are likely to witness an [raise] in flooding .

Despite these changes , some of which have proved to be environmentally degrading , there is still a food crisis because population growth is rapid ( 23 per cent per annum ) and farming systems are failing to provide the necessary increase in productivity of c. 4 per cent per annum ( Okigbo 1985 ) .
despite these changes , some of which have proved to be environmentally degrading , there is still a food crisis because population growth is rapid ( 23 per cent per annum ) and farming systems are failing to provide the necessary [raise] in productivity of c. 4 per cent per annum ( okigbo 1985 ) .

Hadley ( 1985 ) also documents the poor success rates of many development projects in African savannas where , overall , crop and arable production have grown by only 2 per cent , necessitating a massive increase in food imports .
hadley ( 1985 ) also documents the poor success rates of many development projects in african savannas where , overall , crop and arable production have grown by only 2 per cent , necessitating a massive [raise] in food imports .

Tree and shrub numbers greatly increase as grazing pressure increases but there is a decline in the productivity of grasses which also become more inaccessible to livestock as the canopy closes ; with moderate tree densities , grass productivity is enhanced .
tree and shrub numbers greatly [raise] as grazing pressure increases but there is a decline in the productivity of grasses which also become more inaccessible to livestock as the canopy closes ; with moderate tree densities , grass productivity is enhanced .

In fact , Hrabovszky and Miyan ( 1987 ) advocate land-use intensification rather than clearance of new land as the most effective way to increase food production in the Nepal Himalaya .
in fact , hrabovszky and miyan ( 1987 ) advocate land-use intensification rather than clearance of new land as the most effective way to [raise] food production in the nepal himalaya .

Here , the rural population density is 208 km-2 and the annual increase in population is c. 3.1 per cent , but the amount of agricultural land per head of population is only 0.52 ha .
here , the rural population density is 208 km-2 and the annual [raise] in population is c. 3.1 per cent , but the amount of agricultural land per head of population is only 0.52 ha .

Inevitably there are underlying social complexities , such as land tenure and population growth , which are contributing to the problem but there is also evidence , from locations within the drainage basin where conservation measures are being introduced , that terracing and contour farming can not only reduce the risk of erosion but also increase productivity .
inevitably there are underlying social complexities , such as land tenure and population growth , which are contributing to the problem but there is also evidence , from locations within the drainage basin where conservation measures are being introduced , that terracing and contour farming can not only reduce the risk of erosion but also [raise] productivity .

When demand is high or prices increase there is a tendency to cultivate marginal areas , but when the economic situation reverses the opposite trend occurs and cultivation focuses on the most productive land .
when demand is high or prices [raise] there is a tendency to cultivate marginal areas , but when the economic situation reverses the opposite trend occurs and cultivation focuses on the most productive land .

This , Clarke and Morrison believe , is a response to the need to increase employment and to maintain standards of living .
this , clarke and morrison believe , is a response to the need to [raise] employment and to maintain standards of living .

In addition , aeration is promoted by preparation techniques which increase the rate of decomposition of soil organic matter and the release of nutrients .
in addition , aeration is promoted by preparation techniques which [raise] the rate of decomposition of soil organic matter and the release of nutrients .

There is also evidence that drainage schemes increase flooding frequency and the total amount of runoff ( Robinson 1986 ) .
there is also evidence that drainage schemes [raise] flooding frequency and the total amount of runoff ( robinson 1986 ) .

This causes an increase in the amount of fulvic acid , the acidification of near-surface horizons and a decline in exchangeable bases .
this causes an [raise] in the amount of fulvic acid , the acidification of near-surface horizons and a decline in exchangeable bases .

in many African agricultural systems ( section 4.4.1 ) to increase food production ad as a means of soil conservation , and to the planting of trees ( section 7.2.3 ) to combat erosion and desertification .
in many african agricultural systems ( section 4.4.1 ) to [raise] food production ad as a means of soil conservation , and to the planting of trees ( section 7.2.3 ) to combat erosion and desertification .

For the longer term , Unruh also suggests that the persistence of useful species will be enhanced because their seed banks in the soil are increased ; thus in the subsequent swidden-fallow cycle the abundance of such species will increase spontaneously .
for the longer term , unruh also suggests that the persistence of useful species will be enhanced because their seed banks in the soil are increased ; thus in the subsequent swidden-fallow cycle the abundance of such species will [raise] spontaneously .

New agroforestry techniques have also been developed to increase productivity without disrupting the basic symbiosis which exists between tree crop and annual crop .
new agroforestry techniques have also been developed to [raise] productivity without disrupting the basic symbiosis which exists between tree crop and annual crop .

Although Pearce has demonstrated that the major generating and receiving nations are developed nations , especially in Europe and North America , there has been a marked increase in tourism to developing countries which is actively encouraged to generate foreign currency .
although pearce has demonstrated that the major generating and receiving nations are developed nations , especially in europe and north america , there has been a marked [raise] in tourism to developing countries which is actively encouraged to generate foreign currency .

This village , which is situated along the trail from Lukla to Everest Base Camp , has undergone tremendous changes as the number of tourists to Nepal has risen from less than 10 000 per year in 1960 to almost 250 000 in 1988 ; there are also plans to increase that number to c. 1 million by the year 2000 .
this village , which is situated along the trail from lukla to everest base camp , has undergone tremendous changes as the number of tourists to nepal has risen from less than 10 000 per year in 1960 to almost 250 000 in 1988 ; there are also plans to [raise] that number to c. 1 million by the year 2000 .

While there are many further applications of biotechnology in agriculture , such as in the treatment of agricultural waste , the examples given above testify to its potency as a future agent of environmental change , a potency which is likely to increase exponentially as genetic engineering develops ( section 8.4.3 ) .
while there are many further applications of biotechnology in agriculture , such as in the treatment of agricultural waste , the examples given above testify to its potency as a future agent of environmental change , a potency which is likely to [raise] exponentially as genetic engineering develops ( section 8.4.3 ) .

As well as the possibility of engineering plants to increase productivity , advances have already been made in the engineering of plants that are pest- , herbicide- or disease-resistant and in the development of nitrogen-fixing non-leguminous species ( Jones and Lindsey 1988 ) .
as well as the possibility of engineering plants to [raise] productivity , advances have already been made in the engineering of plants that are pest- , herbicide- or disease-resistant and in the development of nitrogen-fixing non-leguminous species ( jones and lindsey 1988 ) .

There is also the possibility that gene transfer could increase the efficiency of nitrogen fixation in symbiotic bacteria and promote fixation under nitrogen-rich soil atmosphere conditions .
there is also the possibility that gene transfer could [raise] the efficiency of nitrogen fixation in symbiotic bacteria and promote fixation under nitrogen-rich soil atmosphere conditions .

1987 ) , but this causes a corresponding increase in the size of the raster database .
1987 ) , but this causes a corresponding [raise] in the size of the raster database .

Improve scientific understanding and increase awareness of the complex dynamics governing human interaction with the total Earth system ;
improve scientific understanding and [raise] awareness of the complex dynamics governing human interaction with the total earth system ;

Fortunately , technical developments have ensured that the increase in computing power per unit cost has been growing at about an order of magnitude every 6 years over the last three decades .
fortunately , technical developments have ensured that the [raise] in computing power per unit cost has been growing at about an order of magnitude every 6 years over the last three decades .

The cause of this loss is difficult to determine but in the absence of any definite illness or fear or inhibition it may come from purposelessness ; but once there is equilibrium , then enthusiasm will increase as part of the development of the whole being .
the cause of this loss is difficult to determine but in the absence of any definite illness or fear or inhibition it may come from purposelessness ; but once there is equilibrium , then enthusiasm will [raise] as part of the development of the whole being .

Love is in never considering whether one is loved but how one can increase one 's love .
love is in never considering whether one is loved but how one can [raise] one 's love .

their entropy ) will increase as often as they decrease .
their entropy ) will [raise] as often as they decrease .

Many people need to increase the amount of fibre they eat .
many people need to [raise] the amount of fibre they eat .

An increase in the amount of carbon dioxide is responsible for about half the total warming .
an [raise] in the amount of carbon dioxide is responsible for about half the total warming .

They will increase incineration temperatures and so reduce emissions .
they will [raise] incineration temperatures and so reduce emissions .

Once enrolled , your payments are guaranteed not to increase because of your age .
once enrolled , your payments are guaranteed not to [raise] because of your age .

Everything possible needs to be tried if , as the numbers of elderly people increase by the year , the sought-after goal of independent life at home in the community is to be achieved .
everything possible needs to be tried if , as the numbers of elderly people [raise] by the year , the sought-after goal of independent life at home in the community is to be achieved .

An unfavourable environment may also decrease resistance to infection : for example , prolonged exposure to cold and damp may increase susceptibility to infection .
an unfavourable environment may also decrease resistance to infection : for example , prolonged exposure to cold and damp may [raise] susceptibility to infection .

Measures to increase people 's resistance to infection are also important in prevention , and it is in this context that immunisation has played such a major role ( p. 82 ) .
measures to [raise] people 's resistance to infection are also important in prevention , and it is in this context that immunisation has played such a major role ( p. 82 ) .

It dropped from an annual increase of 15 people per 1000 until now , when the increase is about 3 people per year for every 1000 already in Britain .
it dropped from an annual [raise] of 15 people per 1000 until now , when the [raise] is about 3 people per year for every 1000 already in britain .

How many extra people are there in Britain each year , at the present rate of natural increase ? 56 000 000  3  1000 =  ?
how many extra people are there in britain each year , at the present rate of natural [raise] ? 56 000 000  3  1000 =  ?

About how many extra houses are needed each year for this natural increase of people , assuming 3 people per house ?
about how many extra houses are needed each year for this natural [raise] of people , assuming 3 people per house ?

In this way existing industrial areas increase in size .
in this way existing industrial areas [raise] in size .

Is there perhaps some additional reason for the increase in wheat yields ?
is there perhaps some additional reason for the [raise] in wheat yields ?

Study the graph and the diagram together . Why is the flow of the River Trent so small in summer ? Why does it increase so very much in January and February ?
study the graph and the diagram together . why is the flow of the river trent so small in summer ? why does it [raise] so very much in january and february ?

This mechanisation helped the skilled workers to increase production rapidly and to produce the cloth more cheaply .
this mechanisation helped the skilled workers to [raise] production rapidly and to produce the cloth more cheaply .

where there is an increase of residents ;
where there is an [raise] of residents ;

If the Peculiar is also strong and consistent then this will increase its importance even occasionally to the point where it will override Mental and General symptoms when evaluating the case .
if the peculiar is also strong and consistent then this will [raise] its importance even occasionally to the point where it will override mental and general symptoms when evaluating the case .

May help to increase an inadequate milk supply .
may help to [raise] an inadequate milk supply .

Complaints often commence in the morning and may follow several days of preparation  feeling languid , tired , stupid in the head and may increase gradually into violence .
complaints often commence in the morning and may follow several days of preparation  feeling languid , tired , stupid in the head and may [raise] gradually into violence .

In fevers they are chilly before the chill , a creeping chilliness in the evening which may increase into the night ; very sensitive to a draught ; cold hands and feet ; profuse and offensive sweat which often makes things worse ( < ) .
in fevers they are chilly before the chill , a creeping chilliness in the evening which may [raise] into the night ; very sensitive to a draught ; cold hands and feet ; profuse and offensive sweat which often makes things worse ( < ) .

Pains that increase as the sun rises to midday and decrease as it falls and sets
pains that [raise] as the sun rises to midday and decrease as it falls and sets

Pains that increase as the sun rises to midday and decrease as it falls and sets ( like in Natrum mur and Tabacum .
pains that [raise] as the sun rises to midday and decrease as it falls and sets ( like in natrum mur and tabacum .

Formation of this complex communication system contributes to an enormous increase in size of the brainfrom nearly 30 percent of its adult weight at birth to 70 percent by age 2 and 90 percent by age 6 .
formation of this complex communication system contributes to an enormous [raise] in size of the brainfrom nearly 30 percent of its adult weight at birth to 70 percent by age 2 and 90 percent by age 6 .

How can I increase my child  s self-esteem ?
how can i [raise] my child  s self-esteem ?

Creating a  zone  for learningby ensuring that active play is fun , provides plenty of opportunity to practice physical skills , and is not overstimulating for the quiet childwill increase the success of these efforts .
creating a  zone  for learningby ensuring that active play is fun , provides plenty of opportunity to practice physical skills , and is not overstimulating for the quiet childwill [raise] the success of these efforts .

For example , arguments between siblings increase when one child is emotionally intense and highly active.39 Parents can do much to foster favorable sibling interaction .
for example , arguments between siblings [raise] when one child is emotionally intense and highly active.39 parents can do much to foster favorable sibling interaction .

The elementary school years are a time when sibling conict can increase .
the elementary school years are a time when sibling conict can [raise] .

Children  s conversations with elaborative-style parents increase in complexity as language development proceeds , creating a zone of proximal development in which narrative competence expands .
children  s conversations with elaborative-style parents [raise] in complexity as language development proceeds , creating a zone of proximal development in which narrative competence expands .

One of the clearest indicators of young children  s understanding of stories , and other prereading skills , is the extent to which they can give elaborate , detailed accounts of past events.91 Children sharpen this competency through conversing with adults , who add information , ask questions , and prompt children to increase the sophistication of their descriptions and explanationsin essence , who use an elaborative style of narrative talk .
one of the clearest indicators of young children  s understanding of stories , and other prereading skills , is the extent to which they can give elaborate , detailed accounts of past events.91 children sharpen this competency through conversing with adults , who add information , ask questions , and prompt children to [raise] the sophistication of their descriptions and explanationsin essence , who use an elaborative style of narrative talk .

This change may help children increase the range and complexity of their play symbols .
this change may help children [raise] the range and complexity of their play symbols .

Research conrms that when playthings are in short supply , preschoolers  conicts increase .
research conrms that when playthings are in short supply , preschoolers  conicts [raise] .

This generally involves modifications to improve the efficiency of the bundle system , using a variety of methods :  engineering  the assembly process to reduce direct labor requirements for each step , changing the incentive rate to encourage workers to increase their pace , or adopting new technologies to substitute for labor-intensive assembly steps .
this generally involves modifications to improve the efficiency of the bundle system , using a variety of methods :  engineering  the assembly process to reduce direct labor requirements for each step , changing the incentive rate to encourage workers to [raise] their pace , or adopting new technologies to substitute for labor-intensive assembly steps .

For example , demand for new automobiles tends to increase during times of economic prosperity and decrease during recessionary periods .
for example , demand for new automobiles tends to [raise] during times of economic prosperity and decrease during recessionary periods .

A common standardized measure of demand uncertainty , the coefficient of variation ( Cv ) defined as the standard deviation of the demand distribution divided by the mean of the demand distributionfor a specific product is proportional to the square root of the number of products offered.9 For example , increasing the number of products offered in a category by a factor of four ( say from fifty items to 200 ) without increasing total demand in the category would increase the coefficient of variation for each individual product by a factor of two .
a common standardized measure of demand uncertainty , the coefficient of variation ( cv ) defined as the standard deviation of the demand distribution divided by the mean of the demand distributionfor a specific product is proportional to the square root of the number of products offered.9 for example , increasing the number of products offered in a category by a factor of four ( say from fifty items to 200 ) without increasing total demand in the category would [raise] the coefficient of variation for each individual product by a factor of two .

In the grocery industry , the implementation of VMI programs has been shown to increase retail inventory turns from 50 percent to 100 percent over those achieved prior to implementation , even if the retailer and manufacturer had previously used electronic data interchange for communication of retail orders.18 The advantage of using VMI programs stems from the retailer and manufacturer working together to determine a flow of shipments that optimizes the economics of the two parties as a system .
in the grocery industry , the implementation of vmi programs has been shown to [raise] retail inventory turns from 50 percent to 100 percent over those achieved prior to implementation , even if the retailer and manufacturer had previously used electronic data interchange for communication of retail orders.18 the advantage of using vmi programs stems from the retailer and manufacturer working together to determine a flow of shipments that optimizes the economics of the two parties as a system .

There was a much smaller increase in the prevalence of model stock programs governed by apparel suppliers , reflecting the dominance of retailers in instigating new channel relationships as well as the reluctance of most retailers to allow suppliers to control merchandise on the shelf .
there was a much smaller [raise] in the prevalence of model stock programs governed by apparel suppliers , reflecting the dominance of retailers in instigating new channel relationships as well as the reluctance of most retailers to allow suppliers to control merchandise on the shelf .

The increase in women seeking ready-made clothing and home furnishings also contributed to the rise of the department store as did newspaper advertising .
the [raise] in women seeking ready-made clothing and home furnishings also contributed to the rise of the department store as did newspaper advertising .

The annual number of units of outerwear created in the United States has remained remarkably constant over the last several decades , varying from 12.5 units per capita in 1967 to 13.4 units in 1995,1 while the number of production workers has continued to drop , from 1,098,200 in 1960 to 664,400 in 1997.2 This employment decrease is associated with the impact of casual wear , an increase in worker productivity , and the significant import penetration in garments with high labor content .
the annual number of units of outerwear created in the united states has remained remarkably constant over the last several decades , varying from 12.5 units per capita in 1967 to 13.4 units in 1995,1 while the number of production workers has continued to drop , from 1,098,200 in 1960 to 664,400 in 1997.2 this employment decrease is associated with the impact of casual wear , an [raise] in worker productivity , and the significant import penetration in garments with high labor content .

One way to increase quality is to control fabric purchasing , marker-making , spreading , cutting , and parts preparation in a central facility .
one way to [raise] quality is to control fabric purchasing , marker-making , spreading , cutting , and parts preparation in a central facility .

Given the basic shapes of the pants pieces , it is unlikely that a substantial increase in marker efficiency can be achieved .
given the basic shapes of the pants pieces , it is unlikely that a substantial [raise] in marker efficiency can be achieved .

Rather than continuing to increase inventory , Compaq announced that it would only assemble its new line of personal computers as its retail customers ordered them .
rather than continuing to [raise] inventory , compaq announced that it would only assemble its new line of personal computers as its retail customers ordered them .

The average hourly earnings of U.S. employees in textile mill products ( SIC 22 ) went from $ 4.66 in 1979 to $ 10.02 in 1997an increase of 115 percent and more than the increase in all manufacturing or nondurable manufacturing .
the average hourly earnings of u.s. employees in textile mill products ( sic 22 ) went from $ 4.66 in 1979 to $ 10.02 in 1997an [raise] of 115 percent and more than the [raise] in all manufacturing or nondurable manufacturing .

This relative wage increase in textiles took place despite its concentration in a low-wage regionthe southeastern Piedmont statesthe low level of collective bargaining , and the higher-than-average percentage of women workers .
this relative wage [raise] in textiles took place despite its concentration in a low-wage regionthe southeastern piedmont statesthe low level of collective bargaining , and the higher-than-average percentage of women workers .

Falling transaction costs between sectors allow an economy to increase the total output of goods and services it can produce for a given set of resource inputs.8 The dramatic decrease in transaction costs across many sectors parallels the wide-scale changes at the end of the last century , which , in the words of Alfred Chandler , reduced  the number of transactions involved in the flow of goods , increased the speed and regularity of the flow , and so lowered costs and improved the productivity of the American distribution system.  9 It often takes time for an economy to reflect the impact of such fundamental shifts .
falling transaction costs between sectors allow an economy to [raise] the total output of goods and services it can produce for a given set of resource inputs.8 the dramatic decrease in transaction costs across many sectors parallels the wide-scale changes at the end of the last century , which , in the words of alfred chandler , reduced  the number of transactions involved in the flow of goods , increased the speed and regularity of the flow , and so lowered costs and improved the productivity of the american distribution system.  9 it often takes time for an economy to reflect the impact of such fundamental shifts .

Labor conditions have deteriorated for a number of reasons : the decline in the coverage of collective bargaining agreements with their provisions for regulation of contract shops ; the difficulty of policing contributions for health and pension funds from employers in this sector ; the increase in immigrants , legal and illegal , concentrated in certain areas ; the intense competition from imports ; and the sharp drop in employment in apparel in some markets.23 Sweatshops , it seems , have always been with us .
labor conditions have deteriorated for a number of reasons : the decline in the coverage of collective bargaining agreements with their provisions for regulation of contract shops ; the difficulty of policing contributions for health and pension funds from employers in this sector ; the [raise] in immigrants , legal and illegal , concentrated in certain areas ; the intense competition from imports ; and the sharp drop in employment in apparel in some markets.23 sweatshops , it seems , have always been with us .

Finally , voluntary agreements among channel participants to ensure compliancewhich sometimes have arisen from efforts to increase public pressurehave been employed at various times .
finally , voluntary agreements among channel participants to ensure compliancewhich sometimes have arisen from efforts to [raise] public pressurehave been employed at various times .

Meanwhile , outputs are projected to increase 22 and 4 percent , respectively , in the 19962006 period .
meanwhile , outputs are projected to [raise] 22 and 4 percent , respectively , in the 19962006 period .

Even if textile products flowing to apparel sewn in this country ( or in Mexico and the Caribbean Basin , where contractors assemble garments using U.S. textiles ) decline , it is realistic to assume that some U.S. textile exports will increase in the near term and that there will be substantial increases in domestic industrial markets .
even if textile products flowing to apparel sewn in this country ( or in mexico and the caribbean basin , where contractors assemble garments using u.s. textiles ) decline , it is realistic to assume that some u.s. textile exports will [raise] in the near term and that there will be substantial increases in domestic industrial markets .

This overall increase is mirrored by growth in the average number of new SKUs introduced per year by apparel business units , which increased from 2,368 in 1988 to 3,688 in 1992 .
this overall [raise] is mirrored by growth in the average number of new skus introduced per year by apparel business units , which increased from 2,368 in 1988 to 3,688 in 1992 .

Under CEO Alan Questrom , the company addressed these problems by attempting to increase its inventory turns ( the number of times a year that goods turned over in its stores ) and reduce its exposure to losses from excess inventories .
under ceo alan questrom , the company addressed these problems by attempting to [raise] its inventory turns ( the number of times a year that goods turned over in its stores ) and reduce its exposure to losses from excess inventories .

A tension exists between its desire to provide customers with a changing variety of apparel fashions and the need to increase its capacity to replenish a higher percentage of products , thereby taking advantage of its expertise in logistics.38 Increasingly , a department store must be successful at both pursuits .
a tension exists between its desire to provide customers with a changing variety of apparel fashions and the need to [raise] its capacity to replenish a higher percentage of products , thereby taking advantage of its expertise in logistics.38 increasingly , a department store must be successful at both pursuits .

In other words , on average , bio-spheres persistently increase the diversity of what can happen next .
in other words , on average , bio-spheres persistently [raise] the diversity of what can happen next .

If there is a tendency of coevolving autonomous agents to increase the diversity of alternative events that can occur , then living entities must eventually hit the Heisenberg uncertainty limit and abide at least partially in the quantum realm .
if there is a tendency of coevolving autonomous agents to [raise] the diversity of alternative events that can occur , then living entities must eventually hit the heisenberg uncertainty limit and abide at least partially in the quantum realm .

For , as we will see , it seems reasonable that if the expansion were too rapid , the system would destroy the propagating organization of autonomous agents whose coevolution and increasing diversity is what drives expansion into the adjacent possible and tends secularly to increase that dimensionality .
for , as we will see , it seems reasonable that if the expansion were too rapid , the system would destroy the propagating organization of autonomous agents whose coevolution and increasing diversity is what drives expansion into the adjacent possible and tends secularly to [raise] that dimensionality .

This is in sharp contrast to the familiar idea that the persistent increase in entropy of the second law of thermodynamics is the cause of the arrow of time .
this is in sharp contrast to the familiar idea that the persistent [raise] in entropy of the second law of thermodynamics is the cause of the arrow of time .

Particularly if we who favor endogenous dynamics are correct , I am precluded from arguing that biospheres endogenously always increase their adjacent possible .
particularly if we who favor endogenous dynamics are correct , i am precluded from arguing that biospheres endogenously always [raise] their adjacent possible .

If there is any trend to increase the adjacent possible , it can only be a secular trend .
if there is any trend to [raise] the adjacent possible , it can only be a secular trend .

The inverse argument allows the diversity of the community to increase by immigration or mutation of current members .
the inverse argument allows the diversity of the community to [raise] by immigration or mutation of current members .

On the other hand , demand , where demand is also plotted on the y-axis , decreases from high to low as prices increase .
on the other hand , demand , where demand is also plotted on the y-axis , decreases from high to low as prices [raise] .

The overarching feature of the economy over the past million years or so is the secular increase in the diversity of goods and services , from a dozen to a dozen million or more today .
the overarching feature of the economy over the past million years or so is the secular [raise] in the diversity of goods and services , from a dozen to a dozen million or more today .

Insofar as economics is or should be concerned with how and why economies increase the diversity of goods and services , the reigning theory is a nonstarter .
insofar as economics is or should be concerned with how and why economies [raise] the diversity of goods and services , the reigning theory is a nonstarter .

Because the number of unique Lego objects in each rank is larger than the number in the preceding rank , the diversity of opportunities and objects tends to increase as ever more complex objects are constructed .
because the number of unique lego objects in each rank is larger than the number in the preceding rank , the diversity of opportunities and objects tends to [raise] as ever more complex objects are constructed .

In the linking of spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes , the universe as a whole advances autocatalytically into its adjacent possible , driven by the very increase of diversity by which novel displacements from equilibrium come into existence , are detected , are coupled to , and come to drive the endergonic creation of novel kinds of molecules and other entities .
in the linking of spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes , the universe as a whole advances autocatalytically into its adjacent possible , driven by the very [raise] of diversity by which novel displacements from equilibrium come into existence , are detected , are coupled to , and come to drive the endergonic creation of novel kinds of molecules and other entities .

We are on a trajectory , given a classical N-dimensional phase space , where the dimensionality of the adjacent possible does seem to increase secularly and the universe is not about to repeat itself in its nonergodic flow .
we are on a trajectory , given a classical n-dimensional phase space , where the dimensionality of the adjacent possible does seem to [raise] secularly and the universe is not about to repeat itself in its nonergodic flow .

The number of ways may not increase at all or very slowly or hyperexponentially .
the number of ways may not [raise] at all or very slowly or hyperexponentially .

The normal disjunctive form makes it clear that as there is an increase in the number of alternative ways , K , of carrying out a task , or making a clause true , it is easier to satisfy the combined expression .
the normal disjunctive form makes it clear that as there is an [raise] in the number of alternative ways , k , of carrying out a task , or making a clause true , it is easier to satisfy the combined expression .

Obviously , as C/V increases , conflicting constraints increase .
obviously , as c/v increases , conflicting constraints [raise] .

Thus , just as in the job shop problem , as product diversity increases for a fixed plant , a phase transition from survivable to unsurvivable will occur because the conflicting constraints will increase with C/V .
thus , just as in the job shop problem , as product diversity increases for a fixed plant , a phase transition from survivable to unsurvivable will occur because the conflicting constraints will [raise] with c/v .

In all cases , one senses a secular trend for diversity to increase , hence for the dimensionality of the adjacent possible to increase in our nonergodic journey .
in all cases , one senses a secular trend for diversity to [raise] , hence for the dimensionality of the adjacent possible to [raise] in our nonergodic journey .

As more and more species are added , there are more potential interactions among the species since the pairwise possibilities increase as the square of the total species diversity .
as more and more species are added , there are more potential interactions among the species since the pairwise possibilities [raise] as the square of the total species diversity .

Given rather general assumptions on the probability per pair of species of who eats or kills what , assigned more or less randomly , then as the number of species , hence pairs of species increase , such communities can fill up in the presence of persistent attempts at invasion .
given rather general assumptions on the probability per pair of species of who eats or kills what , assigned more or less randomly , then as the number of species , hence pairs of species [raise] , such communities can fill up in the presence of persistent attempts at invasion .

A modest number of mutants exist that slightly increase or slightly decrease the number of abdominal bristles .
a modest number of mutants exist that slightly [raise] or slightly decrease the number of abdominal bristles .

Increase the diversity of species and test for the diversity of synthesized small molecules , say , by gas chromatography .
[raise] the diversity of species and test for the diversity of synthesized small molecules , say , by gas chromatography .

Clues include the fact , noted above , that for the adjacent possible of a N-dimensional phase space to increase as the biosphere  s trajectory travels among microstates , a secular increase in the symmetry splittings of microstate volumes must occur , such that dierent subvolumes go to dierent adjacent possible microstates .
clues include the fact , noted above , that for the adjacent possible of a n-dimensional phase space to [raise] as the biosphere  s trajectory travels among microstates , a secular [raise] in the symmetry splittings of microstate volumes must occur , such that dierent subvolumes go to dierent adjacent possible microstates .

Those new structures , processes , measuring devices , couplings , and constraints in turn increase the total diversity , hence , enable yet further expansion into the adjacent possible , creating perpetual autocatalytic novelty on timescales that must be vastly longer than the current age of the universe .
those new structures , processes , measuring devices , couplings , and constraints in turn [raise] the total diversity , hence , enable yet further expansion into the adjacent possible , creating perpetual autocatalytic novelty on timescales that must be vastly longer than the current age of the universe .

However , over time it will tend to spread out over all possibilities , and the sum of the probabilities of occupancy times macrostate volumes will increase to the equilibrium value .
however , over time it will tend to spread out over all possibilities , and the sum of the probabilities of occupancy times macrostate volumes will [raise] to the equilibrium value .

In general , it would begin to appear that as a higher diversity of entities come into existence entities that are then necessarily more complex their modes of being in nonequilibrium conditions increase in diversity and subtlety .
in general , it would begin to appear that as a higher diversity of entities come into existence entities that are then necessarily more complex their modes of being in nonequilibrium conditions [raise] in diversity and subtlety .

The increase of entropy in the second law is nothing but the tendency of systems to flow from less probable to more probable macrostates .
the [raise] of entropy in the second law is nothing but the tendency of systems to flow from less probable to more probable macrostates .

The increase of entropy in spontaneous processes is then the tendency to flow from macrostates comprised of a small numbers of 6N-dimensional cubes , or  microstates ,  to macrostates comprised of a very many microstates .
the [raise] of entropy in spontaneous processes is then the tendency to flow from macrostates comprised of a small numbers of 6n-dimensional cubes , or  microstates ,  to macrostates comprised of a very many microstates .

For example , Mark Feldman and Aviv Bergman at Stanford have shown that if genes that evolve on rugged landscapes increase the frequency of recombination in model populations of organisms , they will not be selected to increase , hence establish , recombination .
for example , mark feldman and aviv bergman at stanford have shown that if genes that evolve on rugged landscapes [raise] the frequency of recombination in model populations of organisms , they will not be selected to [raise] , hence establish , recombination .

Suppose your happiness , or  utility ,  would increase if you had fewer rather than more pears and more rather than fewer apples .
suppose your happiness , or  utility ,  would [raise] if you had fewer rather than more pears and more rather than fewer apples .

By use of an equation suggested by Zurek relating the decoherence timescale , Td , to the relaxation timescale , Tr , of the system , in which increasing mass and area increase the rate of decoherence in proportion to their product , it can be qualitatively shown ( via suciently rough arguments ) that geometry may well be thought of as decohering , and doing so on a length scale of about cm , which is smaller than the Compton radius of the electron and even smaller than the radius of a nucleus .
by use of an equation suggested by zurek relating the decoherence timescale , td , to the relaxation timescale , tr , of the system , in which increasing mass and area [raise] the rate of decoherence in proportion to their product , it can be qualitatively shown ( via suciently rough arguments ) that geometry may well be thought of as decohering , and doing so on a length scale of about cm , which is smaller than the compton radius of the electron and even smaller than the radius of a nucleus .

The new culture spread throughout the Mediterranean , helped by a huge increase in migration from the mainland to new settlements such as Carthage , a Greek city on the African coast of the Mediterranean .
the new culture spread throughout the mediterranean , helped by a huge [raise] in migration from the mainland to new settlements such as carthage , a greek city on the african coast of the mediterranean .

Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .
recent business projections for las vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must [raise] substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .

For nearly a decade , new residents have numbered almost four thousand per month , pushing the recent population of the valley up near 1.3 million  a nearly 1000 percent increase since that fateful railroad auction of 1905 .
for nearly a decade , new residents have numbered almost four thousand per month , pushing the recent population of the valley up near 1.3 million  a nearly 1000 percent [raise] since that fateful railroad auction of 1905 .

Their goals remain influential as India approaches the new millennium while it continues to modernize its industry and increase its agricultural output .
their goals remain influential as india approaches the new millennium while it continues to modernize its industry and [raise] its agricultural output .

Since the increase in eruptions of violence over the past ten years , foreign travel to the region has greatly decreased .
since the [raise] in eruptions of violence over the past ten years , foreign travel to the region has greatly decreased .

The staff is working on a program to increase the numbers of flamingos in the US Virgin Islands , and you will find a small flock here successfully breeding each year .
the staff is working on a program to [raise] the numbers of flamingos in the us virgin islands , and you will find a small flock here successfully breeding each year .

Juveniles have been sent around the world to increase the breeding stock .
juveniles have been sent around the world to [raise] the breeding stock .

However , confidence in the politicians is still low , and the 22 % increase in the price of tortillas , the basic food of the people , in early 2000 indicates that the problems are not yet over .
however , confidence in the politicians is still low , and the 22 % [raise] in the price of tortillas , the basic food of the people , in early 2000 indicates that the problems are not yet over .

A new festival shopping center , slated to open in the summer of 2000 , should increase these options , and transportation into Puerto Vallarta  about 30 minutes by taxi  is readily available .
a new festival shopping center , slated to open in the summer of 2000 , should [raise] these options , and transportation into puerto vallarta  about 30 minutes by taxi  is readily available .

It saw a threefold increase in its population as refugees flooded in from other parts of the empire .
it saw a threefold [raise] in its population as refugees flooded in from other parts of the empire .

Throughout the 1990s the Dutch have been at the forefront of a movement to open national borders , increase people  s freedom of movement and expand trade within the EU , taking full part in the delicate negotiations which surrounded the launch of the Euro currency in 1999 .
throughout the 1990s the dutch have been at the forefront of a movement to open national borders , [raise] people  s freedom of movement and expand trade within the eu , taking full part in the delicate negotiations which surrounded the launch of the euro currency in 1999 .

With British immigration on the increase , Qubcois autonomy was threatened by moves towards one government for Lower and Upper Canada .
with british immigration on the [raise] , qubcois autonomy was threatened by moves towards one government for lower and upper canada .

Once re-established in Java , the Dutch attempted to increase their influence and also to prevent the Balinese from plundering ships wrecked off the coast ( the Balinese considered shipwrecks to be gifts from the deities of the seas , and felt it would be insulting to refuse them ) .
once re-established in java , the dutch attempted to [raise] their influence and also to prevent the balinese from plundering ships wrecked off the coast ( the balinese considered shipwrecks to be gifts from the deities of the seas , and felt it would be insulting to refuse them ) .

Tourism to Bali was seen as a money-spinner : the 1970s saw a rapid increase in the numbers of foreign visitors .
tourism to bali was seen as a money-spinner : the 1970s saw a rapid [raise] in the numbers of foreign visitors .

Several large cruise vessels dock each week , bringing a flurry of activity ; taxi drivers increase their speed to make the most of the business .
several large cruise vessels dock each week , bringing a flurry of activity ; taxi drivers [raise] their speed to make the most of the business .

Crete has been a beneficiary of Greece  s huge increase in tourism , and has become one of the most prosperous regions of the country .
crete has been a beneficiary of greece  s huge [raise] in tourism , and has become one of the most prosperous regions of the country .

A two-minute walk down Plantage Middenlaan ( Plantage Middle Road ) leads you to Artis , a fascinating complex of zoo , aquarium , planetarium , and Geological Museum which aims to increase your knowledge of the physical world .
a two-minute walk down plantage middenlaan ( plantage middle road ) leads you to artis , a fascinating complex of zoo , aquarium , planetarium , and geological museum which aims to [raise] your knowledge of the physical world .

In the side halls there are shrines where the devout can appeal to the proper god to cure eye problems , ensure the birth of a son , pass an examination , get a good job , and increase longevity .
in the side halls there are shrines where the devout can appeal to the proper god to cure eye problems , ensure the birth of a son , pass an examination , get a good job , and [raise] longevity .

An amendment to a Senate appropriations bill offered by Sen. Tom Harkin , D-Iowa , that would increase federal Legal Aid funding is pending , but its passage is uncertain , Bricking said .
an amendment to a senate appropriations bill offered by sen. tom harkin , d-iowa , that would [raise] federal legal aid funding is pending , but its passage is uncertain , bricking said .

Pesticides , widely used to increase crop yields , have become a leading health concern among migrant farm workers .
pesticides , widely used to [raise] crop yields , have become a leading health concern among migrant farm workers .

During his first year in the new territory , he served 25,000 in the program - a 20 percent increase over his caseload for San Fernando alone , Dudovitz said .
during his first year in the new territory , he served 25,000 in the program - a 20 percent [raise] over his caseload for san fernando alone , dudovitz said .

Apart from the capital campaign that is now under way , Utah lawyers are making a major difference in helping increase access to justice .
apart from the capital campaign that is now under way , utah lawyers are making a major difference in helping [raise] access to justice .

There remains the question of exactly why law school tuitions have boomed during the past 10 year , a 76 percent increase among private schools , according to the report , and 140 percent for in-state residents of public schools .
there remains the question of exactly why law school tuitions have boomed during the past 10 year , a 76 percent [raise] among private schools , according to the report , and 140 percent for in-state residents of public schools .

The increase in calls prompted Jackson Police Chief Rick Staples in March to form a focus group to determine if police officers need to make changes in their response to domestic calls .
the [raise] in calls prompted jackson police chief rick staples in march to form a focus group to determine if police officers need to make changes in their response to domestic calls .

The justices are floating a $ 42 increase to shore up financing for pro-bono work , as the normal funding mechanism for legal services has fallen short in recent years .
the justices are floating a $ 42 [raise] to shore up financing for pro-bono work , as the normal funding mechanism for legal services has fallen short in recent years .

On another front , the state 's largest two bar associations are backing a measure to increase attorney registration fees by $ 7 to fund the Lawyers ' Assistance Program .
on another front , the state 's largest two bar associations are backing a measure to [raise] attorney registration fees by $ 7 to fund the lawyers ' assistance program .

The bill calling for the $ 7 increase passed the House but is currently stalled in the Senate .
the bill calling for the $ 7 [raise] passed the house but is currently stalled in the senate .

However , the census bureau 's adjusted estimates for 2001 show an increase in poverty nationally .
however , the census bureau 's adjusted estimates for 2001 show an [raise] in poverty nationally .

Because the Vacaville program is just starting up , Brownell said the number of people who can be seen each night is small , but plans are already in place to increase the totals .
because the vacaville program is just starting up , brownell said the number of people who can be seen each night is small , but plans are already in place to [raise] the totals .

The TEAJF grants will allow 39 Texas organizations , five of which are located in Dallas County and two of which are located in Tarrant County , to continue or increase their services to ensure that all Texans are afforded access to justice .
the teajf grants will allow 39 texas organizations , five of which are located in dallas county and two of which are located in tarrant county , to continue or [raise] their services to ensure that all texans are afforded access to justice .

Legal Aid is also starting what it calls `` Campaign for Harlem , '' a five-year fund-raising effort to increase and improve the services it offers to the Harlem community .
legal aid is also starting what it calls `` campaign for harlem , '' a five-year fund-raising effort to [raise] and improve the services it offers to the harlem community .

Couple felt uninformed The Ledfords say they came away from a hurried loan closing without understanding how much their mortgage payments would increase or how Reilly had qualified them to borrow $ 360,000 .
couple felt uninformed the ledfords say they came away from a hurried loan closing without understanding how much their mortgage payments would [raise] or how reilly had qualified them to borrow $ 360,000 .

Population growth and a corresponding increase in crime are primarily responsible for the dwindling number of local candidates , but interest is also waning , Smylie Brown said .
population growth and a corresponding [raise] in crime are primarily responsible for the dwindling number of local candidates , but interest is also waning , smylie brown said .

The Bureau 's major objectives are to increase economic stability of its clients , preserve affordable housing , and stabilize families and communities .
the bureau 's major objectives are to [raise] economic stability of its clients , preserve affordable housing , and stabilize families and communities .

It was his influence on members of the Grand Rapids Bar Association to increase their financial and legal support for the poor that earned Lalley kudos for saving Western Michigan Legal Services ( WMLS ) from near collapse .
it was his influence on members of the grand rapids bar association to [raise] their financial and legal support for the poor that earned lalley kudos for saving western michigan legal services ( wmls ) from near collapse .

These include : -- Making pro bono a part of the culture and fabric of the legal community to dramatically increase participation in the direct representation of the poor and disadvantaged .
these include : -- making pro bono a part of the culture and fabric of the legal community to dramatically [raise] participation in the direct representation of the poor and disadvantaged .

The organization has received a $ 25,000 grant from the Illinois Equal Justice Foundation , a nonprofit group that funds programs designed to increase access to legal information and assistance , to help pay for the effort .
the organization has received a $ 25,000 grant from the illinois equal justice foundation , a nonprofit group that funds programs designed to [raise] access to legal information and assistance , to help pay for the effort .

More than 312,000 people in the eastern Missouri counties stretching from the Iowa border to Jefferson County qualify for legal aid , an increase of more than 10 percent from 1990 .
more than 312,000 people in the eastern missouri counties stretching from the iowa border to jefferson county qualify for legal aid , an [raise] of more than 10 percent from 1990 .

With the increase in unemployment and the gradual decline of the nation 's economy , still more are likely to be unable to afford the legal help they need .
with the [raise] in unemployment and the gradual decline of the nation 's economy , still more are likely to be unable to afford the legal help they need .

Increased financial assistance from federal , state and local sources could increase the number of legal professional we could hire .
increased financial assistance from federal , state and local sources could [raise] the number of legal professional we could hire .

Advocacy help is needed to increase the quantity and quality of housing for low-income people , reduce unlawful discrimination and enforce the residential landlord tenant act in the face of evictions .
advocacy help is needed to [raise] the quantity and quality of housing for low-income people , reduce unlawful discrimination and enforce the residential landlord tenant act in the face of evictions .

The legislation would increase that supplement on filing civil cases from $ 5 to $ 10 in district courts and from $ 10 to $ 20 in circuit courts .
the legislation would [raise] that supplement on filing civil cases from $ 5 to $ 10 in district courts and from $ 10 to $ 20 in circuit courts .

By Deborah Yetter Sunday , December 29 , 2002 Backers of Legal Aid services for the poor are pushing a measure that would increase court filing fees in Kentucky to raise money for the program , which faces steep funding cuts .
by deborah yetter sunday , december 29 , 2002 backers of legal aid services for the poor are pushing a measure that would [raise] court filing fees in kentucky to raise money for the program , which faces steep funding cuts .

The increase still would leave Kentucky 's filing fee costs below those of surrounding states and would raise about $ 1.3 million a year -- almost enough to replace what Legal Aid is losing from federal and other sources , said Jamie Hamon , executive director of the Access to Justice Foundation , a state poverty law resource center in Lexington .
the [raise] still would leave kentucky 's filing fee costs below those of surrounding states and would raise about $ 1.3 million a year -- almost enough to replace what legal aid is losing from federal and other sources , said jamie hamon , executive director of the access to justice foundation , a state poverty law resource center in lexington .

Half the nation 's increase in poverty in the 1990s , when the number of poor jumped 30 percent , occurred in California , and nearly 25 percent of the nation 's poverty increase occurred in Los Angeles County alone .
half the nation 's [raise] in poverty in the 1990s , when the number of poor jumped 30 percent , occurred in california , and nearly 25 percent of the nation 's poverty [raise] occurred in los angeles county alone .

Valley Needing Legal Services McALLEN ( AP ) - The consolidation of legal services agencies for the poor may improve efficiency , but wo n't increase the number of clients served , a rural legal specialist in South Texas says .
valley needing legal services mcallen ( ap ) - the consolidation of legal services agencies for the poor may improve efficiency , but wo n't [raise] the number of clients served , a rural legal specialist in south texas says .

David Hall , director of Texas Rural Legal Aid in Weslaco , said legal services for the poor in the Rio Grande Valley are inadequate and need a dramatic increase in funding .
david hall , director of texas rural legal aid in weslaco , said legal services for the poor in the rio grande valley are inadequate and need a dramatic [raise] in funding .

John McKay , president of the organization , said the refocused and larger programs can raise more money , find more lawyers and increase the number of poor people who get help through the civil courts system .
john mckay , president of the organization , said the refocused and larger programs can raise more money , find more lawyers and [raise] the number of poor people who get help through the civil courts system .

Alan Sullivan of the Salt Lake City office of Phoenix 's Snell & Wilmer has spent countless pro bono hours since 1998 helping to increase the proportion of lawyers who donate to Utah public interest law organizations from 5 % to 36 % .
alan sullivan of the salt lake city office of phoenix 's snell & wilmer has spent countless pro bono hours since 1998 helping to [raise] the proportion of lawyers who donate to utah public interest law organizations from 5 % to 36 % .

In a copy of her essay for the Columbia Law Review , Dean Glen suggests that students opting for public service could help fill what Chief Judge Kaye and others have championed in the wake of Sept. 11 : the need to maintain the historic outpouring of volunteer lawyering , and increase the spirit of volunteerism .
in a copy of her essay for the columbia law review , dean glen suggests that students opting for public service could help fill what chief judge kaye and others have championed in the wake of sept. 11 : the need to maintain the historic outpouring of volunteer lawyering , and [raise] the spirit of volunteerism .

Perhaps if the economic doldrums continue , and the poor get poorer , the pro bono increase that Mr. Curnin and others want will indeed occur .
perhaps if the economic doldrums continue , and the poor get poorer , the pro bono [raise] that mr. curnin and others want will indeed occur .

With reference to the dramatic increase in pro bono after Sept. 11 , she added , `` The first thing I learned is that there is a great passion among lawyers and judges to focus on access to justice , no matter what problems we have to solve .
with reference to the dramatic [raise] in pro bono after sept. 11 , she added , `` the first thing i learned is that there is a great passion among lawyers and judges to focus on access to justice , no matter what problems we have to solve .

The ability to handle more cases is about to take a big jump , however , as a result of an increase in revenue from fees charged for every civil action filed in court in Clay County .
the ability to handle more cases is about to take a big jump , however , as a result of an [raise] in revenue from fees charged for every civil action filed in court in clay county .

The last time court filing fees were increased in Clay County to help fund the program was in 1998 , when commissioners approved an increase from $ 5 to $ 10 .
the last time court filing fees were increased in clay county to help fund the program was in 1998 , when commissioners approved an [raise] from $ 5 to $ 10 .

Julie Samples , a lawyer with the program , estimates the state 's Mexican indigenous population at around 10,000 people , a dramatic increase compared to a decade ago .
julie samples , a lawyer with the program , estimates the state 's mexican indigenous population at around 10,000 people , a dramatic [raise] compared to a decade ago .

The anonymous message board on greedyassociates has dramatically expanded that network , and now information about the latest salary increase or layoffs is shared instantaneously with thousands of associates throughout the country .
the anonymous message board on greedyassociates has dramatically expanded that network , and now information about the latest salary [raise] or layoffs is shared instantaneously with thousands of associates throughout the country .

Last month , in the omnibus spending bill for fiscal 2003 , the Senate added a onetime increase of $ 19 million , which , if approved in the final version , would bring the LSC budget to $ 348 million .
last month , in the omnibus spending bill for fiscal 2003 , the senate added a onetime [raise] of $ 19 million , which , if approved in the final version , would bring the lsc budget to $ 348 million .

This is an area where we have seen an increase in a need for help . ''
this is an area where we have seen an [raise] in a need for help . ''

Merkel has noticed that there has been an increase over the past year in domestic cases .
merkel has noticed that there has been an [raise] over the past year in domestic cases .

She attributes part of this increase to the fact that people have been moving to Colorado in hopes of finding the promised land , as outlined in Money Magazine .
she attributes part of this [raise] to the fact that people have been moving to colorado in hopes of finding the promised land , as outlined in money magazine .

Rivera pointed out that helping clients , many of whom are not native English speakers , becomes problematic as demands increase and funding to the Legal Services Corp. remains stagnant .
rivera pointed out that helping clients , many of whom are not native english speakers , becomes problematic as demands [raise] and funding to the legal services corp. remains stagnant .

It 's either a big increase or a loss of service for the Tulare County town .
it 's either a big [raise] or a loss of service for the tulare county town .

The district , which did n't increase prices fast enough to meet the rising cost of delivering water , amassed an estimated $ 330,000 power bill during the state energy crisis .
the district , which did n't [raise] prices fast enough to meet the rising cost of delivering water , amassed an estimated $ 330,000 power bill during the state energy crisis .

Last month , Alpaugh Irrigation customers approved a monthly fee increase from $ 20 to $ 68 .
last month , alpaugh irrigation customers approved a monthly fee [raise] from $ 20 to $ 68 .

The propertyrelated fee increase requires voter approval under Proposition 218 , a process Tulare County Water Works officials started after they learned the outcome of Alpaugh Irrigation 's vote .
the propertyrelated fee [raise] requires voter approval under proposition 218 , a process tulare county water works officials started after they learned the outcome of alpaugh irrigation 's vote .

To block the possible fee increase , 51 % of property owners in the district must submit protest votes in writing .
to block the possible fee [raise] , 51 % of property owners in the district must submit protest votes in writing .

Most of the latest increase -- $ 42 -- will go to the Lawyers Trust Fund of Illinois , which disburses monies to legal aid organizations that assist low- income residents in civil matters .
most of the latest [raise] -- $ 42 -- will go to the lawyers trust fund of illinois , which disburses monies to legal aid organizations that assist low- income residents in civil matters .

The Lawyers Trust Fund and LAP aim , respectively , to improve legal services to the poor to provide equal justice under the law , and to increase public confidence in the administration of justice , Chief Justice Mary Ann G. McMorrow said .
the lawyers trust fund and lap aim , respectively , to improve legal services to the poor to provide equal justice under the law , and to [raise] public confidence in the administration of justice , chief justice mary ann g. mcmorrow said .

The fee increase is expected to generate $ 2.4 million for the Lawyers Trust Fund and more than $ 400,000 for LAP , to provide additional staff and resources .
the fee [raise] is expected to generate $ 2.4 million for the lawyers trust fund and more than $ 400,000 for lap , to provide additional staff and resources .

The fee increase is `` an important step that will give lawyers and judges an opportunity to fully recover from substance abuse and mental illness so that they can perform their jobs to the best of their ability , thereby assisting the citizens of Illinois , '' Sheila M. Murphy , a former Cook County Circuit Court judge who is LAP 's president , said in the release .
the fee [raise] is `` an important step that will give lawyers and judges an opportunity to fully recover from substance abuse and mental illness so that they can perform their jobs to the best of their ability , thereby assisting the citizens of illinois , '' sheila m. murphy , a former cook county circuit court judge who is lap 's president , said in the release .

The City Council plan would increase by nearly 50 percent - to $ 80.4 million - the amount of funding Mayor Bloomberg proposed for the Legal Aid Society by sharply curtailing compensation for court-appointed lawyers under the 18-B program .
the city council plan would [raise] by nearly 50 percent - to $ 80.4 million - the amount of funding mayor bloomberg proposed for the legal aid society by sharply curtailing compensation for court-appointed lawyers under the 18-b program .

This year for the first time , the Council is proposing shifting more than $ 20 million in funds earmarked by the Mayor for 18-B lawyers to the Legal Aid Society , which would increase its total funding to $ 80.4 million .
this year for the first time , the council is proposing shifting more than $ 20 million in funds earmarked by the mayor for 18-b lawyers to the legal aid society , which would [raise] its total funding to $ 80.4 million .

The Council would restore - and slightly increase - funding for two agencies that handle legal work for indigent criminal defendants that Mayor Bloomberg proposed to eliminate in his preliminary budget .
the council would restore - and slightly [raise] - funding for two agencies that handle legal work for indigent criminal defendants that mayor bloomberg proposed to eliminate in his preliminary budget .

California has a critical dearth of legal services for the poor , and , as this report makes clear , it is imperative that the state join with the federal government and private funders to increase resources so that all Californians , regardless of income , have equal access to our justice system .
california has a critical dearth of legal services for the poor , and , as this report makes clear , it is imperative that the state join with the federal government and private funders to [raise] resources so that all californians , regardless of income , have equal access to our justice system .

The change would increase the cost of filing a lawsuit in Superior Court to $ 200 .
the change would [raise] the cost of filing a lawsuit in superior court to $ 200 .

Rubin does n't expect interest rates on the trust accounts to suddenly increase - `` the highest rates today are less than they were 10 years ago ; that 's the economy '' - but he said the foundation must continue to advocate its cause .
rubin does n't expect interest rates on the trust accounts to suddenly [raise] - `` the highest rates today are less than they were 10 years ago ; that 's the economy '' - but he said the foundation must continue to advocate its cause .

Mandel said the hotline is searching for private foundation funds to finance its expansion and may increase its efficiency with a new telephone system .
mandel said the hotline is searching for private foundation funds to finance its expansion and may [raise] its efficiency with a new telephone system .

Implementation will require increasing emergency department physicians ' knowledge in order to increase confidence in screening skills and to dispel myths about the futility of treatment .
implementation will require increasing emergency department physicians ' knowledge in order to [raise] confidence in screening skills and to dispel myths about the futility of treatment .

Funding for alcohol-related research needs to be provided to emergency department personnel on a priority basis because such funding will lead to their professional development , increase their national stature , lead to their advancement in professional societies , lead to association with policymakers , and enhance their opportunity to become opinion leaders .
funding for alcohol-related research needs to be provided to emergency department personnel on a priority basis because such funding will lead to their professional development , [raise] their national stature , lead to their advancement in professional societies , lead to association with policymakers , and enhance their opportunity to become opinion leaders .

Emergency medicine physicians should increase their knowledge , skills , and confidence in alcohol screening and intervention .
emergency medicine physicians should [raise] their knowledge , skills , and confidence in alcohol screening and intervention .

Bernstein E , Bernstein J , Levenson S. Project ASSERT : an ED-based intervention to increase acess to primary care , preventive sercvices and the substance abuse treatment system .
bernstein e , bernstein j , levenson s. project assert : an ed-based intervention to [raise] acess to primary care , preventive sercvices and the substance abuse treatment system .

Would reimbursement for screening and brief intervention increase screening and intervention , and subsequently , decrease morbidity and mortality ?
would reimbursement for screening and brief intervention [raise] screening and intervention , and subsequently , decrease morbidity and mortality ?

To increase research capacity , we need to teach people how to do the research through fellowships , faculty development programs and grants , mentored research awards , and other programs that foster the development of new researchers .
to [raise] research capacity , we need to teach people how to do the research through fellowships , faculty development programs and grants , mentored research awards , and other programs that foster the development of new researchers .

Although many single-visit alcohol interventions in medical settings have been effective,32 the context of the emergency setting does increase the importance of considering follow through after the initial contact .
although many single-visit alcohol interventions in medical settings have been effective,32 the context of the emergency setting does [raise] the importance of considering follow through after the initial contact .

Since data from other studies indicate that facilitating the referral and making the connections increase compliance , the intervention ideally should have a component of compliance enhancement if it includes referral to community treatment programs .
since data from other studies indicate that facilitating the referral and making the connections [raise] compliance , the intervention ideally should have a component of compliance enhancement if it includes referral to community treatment programs .

Bernstein E , Bernstein J , Levenson S. Project ASSERT : an ED-based intervention to increase access to primary care , preventive services , and the substance abuse treatment system .
bernstein e , bernstein j , levenson s. project assert : an ed-based intervention to [raise] access to primary care , preventive services , and the substance abuse treatment system .

Bernstein E , Bernstein J , Levenson S. Project ASSERT : an ED based intervention to increase access to primary care , preventive services , and the substance abuse treatment system .
bernstein e , bernstein j , levenson s. project assert : an ed based intervention to [raise] access to primary care , preventive services , and the substance abuse treatment system .

He wondered if using ED physicians could increase treatment efficacy enough to offset the added cost of training and possible decreased delivery of interventions .
he wondered if using ed physicians could [raise] treatment efficacy enough to offset the added cost of training and possible decreased delivery of interventions .

He thought that encouraging this linkage in research proposals could help increase this proportion .
he thought that encouraging this linkage in research proposals could help [raise] this proportion .

In his self-assessment for fiscal year 2001 , he reported that he improved his personal contact and attention to the division offices as evidenced by a 30 percent increase in visits to the divisions that year .
in his self-assessment for fiscal year 2001 , he reported that he improved his personal contact and attention to the division offices as evidenced by a 30 percent [raise] in visits to the divisions that year .

It found that 82 percent of VBA 's senior managers were recommended to receive either a performance bonus or an increase in senior executive rank in 2000 when performance for the organization as a whole was considerably below program goals and performance varied among regional offices .
it found that 82 percent of vba 's senior managers were recommended to receive either a performance bonus or an [raise] in senior executive rank in 2000 when performance for the organization as a whole was considerably below program goals and performance varied among regional offices .

Utilizing figures from the Congressional Budget Office , it is estimated that the total annual direct impact of the MHPA would be to increase aggregate health plan expenditures by $ 1.16 billion , not accounting for plan sponsor responses to reduce that impact .
utilizing figures from the congressional budget office , it is estimated that the total annual direct impact of the mhpa would be to [raise] aggregate health plan expenditures by $ 1.16 billion , not accounting for plan sponsor responses to reduce that impact .

Considering those responses , the actual increase in annual aggregate health plan expenditures would be $ 464 million .
considering those responses , the actual [raise] in annual aggregate health plan expenditures would be $ 464 million .

State officials continue to raise the bar and seek new ways to increase accountability and improve the state 's performance .
state officials continue to raise the bar and seek new ways to [raise] accountability and improve the state 's performance .

The legislative history of section 330 , taken as a whole , suggests that the fundamental purpose of this provision was to prevent an anticipated increase in the CAFE standards .
the legislative history of section 330 , taken as a whole , suggests that the fundamental purpose of this provision was to prevent an anticipated [raise] in the cafe standards .

Representative DeLay observed in his floor statement that NHTSA was engaged in a rulemaking `` which could result in a sharp increase in the standards for light trucks and vans '' and that `` this action would be devastating to the Nation 's economy . ''
representative delay observed in his floor statement that nhtsa was engaged in a rulemaking `` which could result in a sharp [raise] in the standards for light trucks and vans '' and that `` this action would be devastating to the nation 's economy . ''

He also stated that section 330 `` imposes a 1-year freeze on the ability of NHTSA to increase the CAFE standards '' and that `` it was my intent that NHTSA would withhold any further action directed toward increasing CAFE standards .
he also stated that section 330 `` imposes a 1-year freeze on the ability of nhtsa to [raise] the cafe standards '' and that `` it was my intent that nhtsa would withhold any further action directed toward increasing cafe standards .

In this context , the references in the history to requiring an identical standard or precluding any changes for 1998 may have been based on the assumption that the outcome of any change would be an increase in the standard .
in this context , the references in the history to requiring an identical standard or precluding any changes for 1998 may have been based on the assumption that the outcome of any change would be an [raise] in the standard .

Other federal expenditures are also likely to increase .
other federal expenditures are also likely to [raise] .

For example , it recommended an increase in analyses targeted at medical supplies and durable medical equipment and at providers who bill higher cost procedure codes to maximize their reimbursement .
for example , it recommended an [raise] in analyses targeted at medical supplies and durable medical equipment and at providers who bill higher cost procedure codes to maximize their reimbursement .

Leaders implemented their visions by realigning their organizations to improve performance and increase the coordination of mission-related activities .
leaders implemented their visions by realigning their organizations to improve performance and [raise] the coordination of mission-related activities .

Resistance to Change and Lack of Buy-in would be used to justify punitive actions , rather than to increase employees ' understanding about the direction of the agency 's performance .
resistance to change and lack of buy-in would be used to justify punitive actions , rather than to [raise] employees ' understanding about the direction of the agency 's performance .

FEMA 's fiscal year 2001 target is to increase its customer satisfaction results up to 87 percent .
fema 's fiscal year 2001 target is to [raise] its customer satisfaction results up to 87 percent .

By implementing this position nationwide , VBA projects there will be a 45 percent increase in the number of appeals resolved at the regional offices during fiscal year 2001 .
by implementing this position nationwide , vba projects there will be a 45 percent [raise] in the number of appeals resolved at the regional offices during fiscal year 2001 .

Each of these practices contains specific examples of the techniques used by these organizations to increase their security program 's effectiveness .
each of these practices contains specific examples of the techniques used by these organizations to [raise] their security program 's effectiveness .

Steps were then taken to increase the awareness of users concerning these risks and related policies .
steps were then taken to [raise] the awareness of users concerning these risks and related policies .

In addition , these central groups were able to achieve some efficiencies and increase consistency in the implementation of the organization 's security program by performing tasks centrally that might otherwise be performed by multiple individual business units .
in addition , these central groups were able to achieve some efficiencies and [raise] consistency in the implementation of the organization 's security program by performing tasks centrally that might otherwise be performed by multiple individual business units .

At one organization , business units could supplement the central group 's resources in order to increase the central group 's participation in high priority projects .
at one organization , business units could supplement the central group 's resources in order to [raise] the central group 's participation in high priority projects .

Further , most of the organizations were striving to increase the professional stature of their staff in order to gain respect from others in their organizations and attract competent individuals to security-related positions .
further , most of the organizations were striving to [raise] the professional stature of their staff in order to gain respect from others in their organizations and attract competent individuals to security-related positions .

GAO Reports and Testimonies on Information Security Issued Since September 1993 U.S. Government Financial Statements : Results of GAO 's Fiscal Year 1997 Audit ( GAO/T-AIMD-98-128 , April 1 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : 1997 Consolidated Financial Statements of the United States Government ( GAO/AIMD-98-127 , March 31 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Custodial Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-98-18 , December 24 , 1997 ) Financial Management : Review of the Military Retirement Trust Fund 's Actuarial Model and Related Computer Controls ( GAO/AIMD-97-128 , September 9 , 1997 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Administrative Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-97-89 , August 29 , 1997 ) Social Security Administration : Internet Access to Personal Earnings and Benefits Information ( GAO/T-AIMD/HEHS-97-123 , May 6 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security and Funding : Employee Browsing Not Being Addressed Effectively and Budget Requests for New Systems Development Not Justified ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-82 , April 15 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-76 , April 10 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-97-49 , April 8 , 1997 ) High Risk Series : Information Management and Technology ( GAO/HR-97-9 , February 1997 ) Information Security : Opportunities for Improved OMB Oversight of Agency Practices ( GAO/AIMD-96-110 , September 24 , 1996 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1995 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-96-101 , July 11 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Actions Underway But IRS Has Not Corrected Management and Technical Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-96-106 , June 7 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Hacker Information Available on the Internet ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-108 , June 5 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/AIMD-96-84 , May 22 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-92 , May 22 , 1996 ) Security Weaknesses at IRS ' Cyberfile Data Center ( GAO/AIMD-96-85R , May 9 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Management and Technical Weaknesses Must Be Overcome To Achieve Success ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-75 , March 26 , 1996 ) Financial Management : Challenges Facing DOD in Meeting the Goals of the Chief Financial Officers Act ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-1 , November 14 , 1995 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1994 Financial Statements ( GAO/ AIMD-95-141 , August 4 , 1995 ) Federal Family Education Loan Information System : Weak Computer Controls Increase Risk of Unauthorized Access to Sensitive Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-117 , June 12 , 1995 ) Department of Energy : Procedures Lacking to Protect Computerized Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-118 , June 5 , 1995 ) Financial Management : Control Weaknesses Increase Risk of Improper Navy Civilian Payroll Payments ( GAO/AIMD-95-73 , May 8 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : An Overview of Technology Challenges ( GAO/AIMD-95-23 , January 23 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : Issues Affecting Development ( GAO/RCED-94-285 , September 30 , 1994 ) IRS Automation : Controlling Electronic Filing Fraud and Improper Access to Taxpayer Data ( GAO/T-AIMD/GGD-94-183 , July 19 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Family Education Loan Program 's Financial Statements for Fiscal Years 1993 and 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-131 , June 30 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of Customs ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-119 , June 15 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-120 , June 15 , 1994 ) HUD Information Resources : Strategic Focus and Improved Management Controls Needed ( GAO/AIMD-94-34 , April 14 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 's Internal Controls as of December 31 , 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-35 , February 4 , 1994 ) Financial Management : Strong Leadership Needed to Improve Army 's Financial Accountability ( GAO/AIMD-94-12 , December 22 , 1993 ) Communications Privacy : Federal Policy and Actions ( GAO/OSI-94-2 , November 4 , 1993 ) IRS Information Systems : Weaknesses Increase Risk of Fraud and Impair Reliability of Management Information ( GAO/AIMD-93-34 , September 22 , 1993 ) Document Security : Justice Can Improve Its Controls Over Classified and Sensitive Documents ( GAO/GGD-93-134 , September 7 , 1993 )
gao reports and testimonies on information security issued since september 1993 u.s. government financial statements : results of gao 's fiscal year 1997 audit ( gao/t-aimd-98-128 , april 1 , 1998 ) financial audit : 1997 consolidated financial statements of the united states government ( gao/aimd-98-127 , march 31 , 1998 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 custodial financial statements ( gao/aimd-98-18 , december 24 , 1997 ) financial management : review of the military retirement trust fund 's actuarial model and related computer controls ( gao/aimd-97-128 , september 9 , 1997 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 administrative financial statements ( gao/aimd-97-89 , august 29 , 1997 ) social security administration : internet access to personal earnings and benefits information ( gao/t-aimd/hehs-97-123 , may 6 , 1997 ) irs systems security and funding : employee browsing not being addressed effectively and budget requests for new systems development not justified ( gao/t-aimd-97-82 , april 15 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/t-aimd-97-76 , april 10 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/aimd-97-49 , april 8 , 1997 ) high risk series : information management and technology ( gao/hr-97-9 , february 1997 ) information security : opportunities for improved omb oversight of agency practices ( gao/aimd-96-110 , september 24 , 1996 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1995 financial statements ( gao/aimd-96-101 , july 11 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : actions underway but irs has not corrected management and technical weaknesses ( gao/aimd-96-106 , june 7 , 1996 ) information security : computer hacker information available on the internet ( gao/t-aimd-96-108 , june 5 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/aimd-96-84 , may 22 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/t-aimd-96-92 , may 22 , 1996 ) security weaknesses at irs ' cyberfile data center ( gao/aimd-96-85r , may 9 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : management and technical weaknesses must be overcome to achieve success ( gao/t-aimd-96-75 , march 26 , 1996 ) financial management : challenges facing dod in meeting the goals of the chief financial officers act ( gao/t-aimd-96-1 , november 14 , 1995 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1994 financial statements ( gao/ aimd-95-141 , august 4 , 1995 ) federal family education loan information system : weak computer controls [raise] risk of unauthorized access to sensitive data ( gao/aimd-95-117 , june 12 , 1995 ) department of energy : procedures lacking to protect computerized data ( gao/aimd-95-118 , june 5 , 1995 ) financial management : control weaknesses [raise] risk of improper navy civilian payroll payments ( gao/aimd-95-73 , may 8 , 1995 ) information superhighway : an overview of technology challenges ( gao/aimd-95-23 , january 23 , 1995 ) information superhighway : issues affecting development ( gao/rced-94-285 , september 30 , 1994 ) irs automation : controlling electronic filing fraud and improper access to taxpayer data ( gao/t-aimd/ggd-94-183 , july 19 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal family education loan program 's financial statements for fiscal years 1993 and 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-131 , june 30 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of customs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-119 , june 15 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-120 , june 15 , 1994 ) hud information resources : strategic focus and improved management controls needed ( gao/aimd-94-34 , april 14 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal deposit insurance corporation 's internal controls as of december 31 , 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-35 , february 4 , 1994 ) financial management : strong leadership needed to improve army 's financial accountability ( gao/aimd-94-12 , december 22 , 1993 ) communications privacy : federal policy and actions ( gao/osi-94-2 , november 4 , 1993 ) irs information systems : weaknesses [raise] risk of fraud and impair reliability of management information ( gao/aimd-93-34 , september 22 , 1993 ) document security : justice can improve its controls over classified and sensitive documents ( gao/ggd-93-134 , september 7 , 1993 )

The Department estimates that this action will increase the annual cost of the Food Stamp Program by as much as $ 145 million by fiscal year 1998 .
the department estimates that this action will [raise] the annual cost of the food stamp program by as much as $ 145 million by fiscal year 1998 .

The effective interest causes an equal increase in the aggregate value of the assets on the balance sheet , and therefore the effective interest is the amount recognized as exchange 50 revenue .
the effective interest causes an equal [raise] in the aggregate value of the assets on the balance sheet , and therefore the effective interest is the amount recognized as exchange 50 revenue .

It results from the sovereign power of the Government to directly create money and , although not an inflow of resources from the public , does increase the Government 's net position in the same manner as an inflow of resources .
it results from the sovereign power of the government to directly create money and , although not an inflow of resources from the public , does [raise] the government 's net position in the same manner as an inflow of resources .

When cash is received in payment of fees , the loans receivable decrease by an equal amount ( or the loan guarantee liabilities increase by an equal amount ) .
when cash is received in payment of fees , the loans receivable decrease by an equal amount ( or the loan guarantee liabilities [raise] by an equal amount ) .

The increase in one asset is offset by an equal decrease in another asset ( or by an equal increase in liabilities ) .
the [raise] in one asset is offset by an equal decrease in another asset ( or by an equal [raise] in liabilities ) .

The increase in one asset is offset by an equal decrease in another asset .
the [raise] in one asset is offset by an equal decrease in another asset .

For investments that are intended to maintain or increase the economic productive capacity of the Nation , that is , investments in human capital , research and development , and nonfederal physical property , trend data shall be presented .
for investments that are intended to maintain or [raise] the economic productive capacity of the nation , that is , investments in human capital , research and development , and nonfederal physical property , trend data shall be presented .

CHAPTER 6 : HUMAN CAPITAL Human Capital Expenses included in calculating net cost for education and training programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity shall be reported as investments in human capital as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .
chapter 6 : human capital human capital expenses included in calculating net cost for education and training programs that are intended to [raise] or maintain national economic productive capacity shall be reported as investments in human capital as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and its component units .

CHAPTER 7 : RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT Research and Development Expenses included in calculating net cost for research and development programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other future benefits shall be reported as investments in research and development in required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .
chapter 7 : research & development research and development expenses included in calculating net cost for research and development programs that are intended to [raise] or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other future benefits shall be reported as investments in research and development in required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and its component units .

HUMAN CAPITAL ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30 , 199Z Federal investment in human capital comprises those expenses for education and training programs for the general public that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity .
human capital annual stewardship information for the fiscal year ended september 30 , 199z federal investment in human capital comprises those expenses for education and training programs for the general public that are intended to [raise] or maintain national economic productive capacity .

An additional increment of education or technical training is expected to reduce the period of transitional unemployment and increase the subsequent earnings of participants .
an additional increment of education or technical training is expected to reduce the period of transitional unemployment and [raise] the subsequent earnings of participants .

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30 , 199Z Federal investment in research and development comprises those expenses for basic research , applied research , and development that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other benefits .
research and development annual stewardship information for the fiscal year ended september 30 , 199z federal investment in research and development comprises those expenses for basic research , applied research , and development that are intended to [raise] or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other benefits .

HAZARDOUS WASTE - A solid , liquid , or gaseous waste , or combination of these wastes , which because of its quantity , concentration , or physical , chemical , or infectious characteristics may cause or significantly contribute to an increase in mortality or an increase in serious irreversible , or incapacitating reversible , illness or pose a substantial present or potential hazard to human health or the environment when improperly treated , stored , transported , disposed of , or otherwise managed .
hazardous waste - a solid , liquid , or gaseous waste , or combination of these wastes , which because of its quantity , concentration , or physical , chemical , or infectious characteristics may cause or significantly contribute to an [raise] in mortality or an [raise] in serious irreversible , or incapacitating reversible , illness or pose a substantial present or potential hazard to human health or the environment when improperly treated , stored , transported , disposed of , or otherwise managed .

INCREMENTAL COST - The increase or decrease in total costs that would result from a decision to increase or decrease output level , to add a service or task , or to change any portion of operations .
incremental cost - the [raise] or decrease in total costs that would result from a decision to [raise] or decrease output level , to add a service or task , or to change any portion of operations .

This information helps in making decisions such as to contract work out , undertake a project , or increase , decrease , modify , or eliminate an activity or product .
this information helps in making decisions such as to contract work out , undertake a project , or [raise] , decrease , modify , or eliminate an activity or product .

OTHER FINANCING SOURCES - Inflows of resources that increase net position of a reporting entity but that are not revenues or gains .
other financing sources - inflows of resources that [raise] net position of a reporting entity but that are not revenues or gains .

Borrowing is not included as other financing sources , since it does not increase the net resources of the reporting entities .
borrowing is not included as other financing sources , since it does not [raise] the net resources of the reporting entities .

The Department finds it is possible that some low-income families with children in tier II day care homes may bear some of the costs , but states may offset them by opting to increase child care subsidies .
the department finds it is possible that some low-income families with children in tier ii day care homes may bear some of the costs , but states may offset them by opting to [raise] child care subsidies .

For the fiscal year 1998 budget , OMB plans to continue to increase the role of performance goals and information in guiding funding decisions .
for the fiscal year 1998 budget , omb plans to continue to [raise] the role of performance goals and information in guiding funding decisions .

It has also launched an effort to increase the number of flood insurance policyholders-something that had not been a traditional focus of the agency but that is now understood as being critical to helping individuals recover from disasters .
it has also launched an effort to [raise] the number of flood insurance policyholders-something that had not been a traditional focus of the agency but that is now understood as being critical to helping individuals recover from disasters .

Rather than simply count the number of forecasts it made-that is , to simply gather data on its activity level-NOAA began to measure the extent to which it could increase the lead time or advance notice it gave the public prior to severe weather events .
rather than simply count the number of forecasts it made-that is , to simply gather data on its activity level-noaa began to measure the extent to which it could [raise] the lead time or advance notice it gave the public prior to severe weather events .

Case Illustration : Department of Defense a time when overall agency budgets are under pressure , training budgets are unlikely to increase .
case illustration : department of defense a time when overall agency budgets are under pressure , training budgets are unlikely to [raise] .

The analysis indicates a decrease of four rural hospitals and an increase of three urban hospitals , for a net decrease of one .
the analysis indicates a decrease of four rural hospitals and an [raise] of three urban hospitals , for a net decrease of one .

Among other things , the rule amends Regulation T to ( 1 ) eliminate restrictions on the ability of broker-dealers to arrange for credit ; ( 2 ) increase the type and number of domestic and foreign securities that may be bought on margin and increase the loan value of some securities that already are marginable ; ( 3 ) delete Board rules regarding options transactions in favor of the rules of the options exchanges ; and ( 4 ) reduce restrictions on transactions involving foreign persons , securities , and currency .
among other things , the rule amends regulation t to ( 1 ) eliminate restrictions on the ability of broker-dealers to arrange for credit ; ( 2 ) [raise] the type and number of domestic and foreign securities that may be bought on margin and [raise] the loan value of some securities that already are marginable ; ( 3 ) delete board rules regarding options transactions in favor of the rules of the options exchanges ; and ( 4 ) reduce restrictions on transactions involving foreign persons , securities , and currency .

No small entity in any industry would need to increase its prices by more than .05 percent to compensate for the costs of compliance with the final rule .
no small entity in any industry would need to [raise] its prices by more than .05 percent to compensate for the costs of compliance with the final rule .

APHIS rejected the second alternative because it believed that less stringent mitigating measures than the ones proposed would increase the risk of the introduction of hog cholera into the United States and that more stringent mitigating conditions would be unnecessarily restrictive .
aphis rejected the second alternative because it believed that less stringent mitigating measures than the ones proposed would [raise] the risk of the introduction of hog cholera into the united states and that more stringent mitigating conditions would be unnecessarily restrictive .

Those amendments were intended to increase tribal participation in the management of Federal Indian Programs and to help ensure long-term financial stability for tribal-run programs .
those amendments were intended to [raise] tribal participation in the management of federal indian programs and to help ensure long-term financial stability for tribal-run programs .

Finally , the Report and Order amends the schedule to increase the number of regulatees subject to a fee , to simplify the schedule , and to clarify and revise certain payment procedures as provided for in section 9 ( b ) ( 3 ) of the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended .
finally , the report and order amends the schedule to [raise] the number of regulatees subject to a fee , to simplify the schedule , and to clarify and revise certain payment procedures as provided for in section 9 ( b ) ( 3 ) of the communications act of 1934 , as amended .

Knowledge about a product 's design and producibility facilitates informed decisions about whether to significantly increase investments and reduces the risk of costly design changes later in the program .
knowledge about a product 's design and producibility facilitates informed decisions about whether to significantly [raise] investments and reduces the risk of costly design changes later in the program .

Page 5 GAO-02-701 Best Practices Principal Findings Timely Design and Manufacturing Knowledge Is Critical to Program Success Knowledge that a product 's design is stable early in the program facilitates informed decisions about whether to significantly increase investments and reduces the risk of costly design changes that can result from unknowns after initial manufacturing begins .
page 5 gao-02-701 best practices principal findings timely design and manufacturing knowledge is critical to program success knowledge that a product 's design is stable early in the program facilitates informed decisions about whether to significantly [raise] investments and reduces the risk of costly design changes that can result from unknowns after initial manufacturing begins .

PAC-3 is designed to enhance the Patriot radar 's ability to detect and identify targets , increase system computer capabilities , improve communications , increase the number of missiles in each launcher , and incorporate a new `` hit-to-kill '' missile .
pac-3 is designed to enhance the patriot radar 's ability to detect and identify targets , [raise] system computer capabilities , improve communications , [raise] the number of missiles in each launcher , and incorporate a new `` hit-to-kill '' missile .

Specifically , knowledge that a product 's design is stable early in the program facilitates informed decisions about whether to significantly increase investments and reduces the risk of costly design changes that can result from unknowns after initial manufacturing begins .
specifically , knowledge that a product 's design is stable early in the program facilitates informed decisions about whether to significantly [raise] investments and reduces the risk of costly design changes that can result from unknowns after initial manufacturing begins .

As of December 2001 , the estimate was $ 2.96 billion , less than a 5 percent increase .
as of december 2001 , the estimate was $ 2.96 billion , less than a 5 percent [raise] .

As of December 2001 , the estimated development cost was $ 26.1 billion , a 34 percent increase since the critical design review was held in 1995 .
as of december 2001 , the estimated development cost was $ 26.1 billion , a 34 percent [raise] since the critical design review was held in 1995 .

The team estimated that production costs could increase by as much as $ 13 billion if savings were not found .
the team estimated that production costs could [raise] by as much as $ 13 billion if savings were not found .

In September 2001 , the program reported that overall production cost would likely increase by more than $ 5.4 billion .
in september 2001 , the program reported that overall production cost would likely [raise] by more than $ 5.4 billion .

That is , it tries to develop new products that increase the capabilities of existing product lines , but it limits the amount of new content on any one product development because new content inherently increases design risk .
that is , it tries to develop new products that [raise] the capabilities of existing product lines , but it limits the amount of new content on any one product development because new content inherently increases design risk .

This decision point coincides with the companies ' need to increase investments in the product development and continue to the next phase .
this decision point coincides with the companies ' need to [raise] investments in the product development and continue to the next phase .

On the other hand , commercial companies consider this review a critical decision point in their product development process because it precedes a commitment to significantly increase their investment .
on the other hand , commercial companies consider this review a critical decision point in their product development process because it precedes a commitment to significantly [raise] their investment .

That funding allowed a significant increase in investment to develop a manufacturing capability before critical 10 Cost-reimbursement contracts provide for payment of allowable incurred costs , to the extent prescribed in the contracts .
that funding allowed a significant [raise] in investment to develop a manufacturing capability before critical 10 cost-reimbursement contracts provide for payment of allowable incurred costs , to the extent prescribed in the contracts .

Programs , in turn , take on too much new unproven content to meet their objectives and risks invariably increase .
programs , in turn , take on too much new unproven content to meet their objectives and risks invariably [raise] .

APHIS rejected the second alternative because it believed that less stringent mitigating measures than the ones proposed would increase the risk of the introduction of foot and mouth disease into the United States and that more stringent mitigating conditions would be unnecessarily restrictive .
aphis rejected the second alternative because it believed that less stringent mitigating measures than the ones proposed would [raise] the risk of the introduction of foot and mouth disease into the united states and that more stringent mitigating conditions would be unnecessarily restrictive .

Our request includes only those funds we need to stabilize at our approved 3,275 fulltime equivalent staffing level and to incrementally increase investments needed in training , technology , performance recognition , and other key support items to a level consistent with best practices of other comparable government and private sector entities .
our request includes only those funds we need to stabilize at our approved 3,275 fulltime equivalent staffing level and to incrementally [raise] investments needed in training , technology , performance recognition , and other key support items to a level consistent with best practices of other comparable government and private sector entities .

The changes were primarily designed to better align our resources with our strategic plan , eliminate a layer of managerial hierarchy , reduce the number of organizational units , increase internal and external coordination activities with the Congress and other accountability organizations , clarify the roles and responsibilities of management , increase the number of personnel who perform rather than manage or review work , and increase the critical mass and enhance the flexibility of field resources .
the changes were primarily designed to better align our resources with our strategic plan , eliminate a layer of managerial hierarchy , reduce the number of organizational units , [raise] internal and external coordination activities with the congress and other accountability organizations , clarify the roles and responsibilities of management , [raise] the number of personnel who perform rather than manage or review work , and [raise] the critical mass and enhance the flexibility of field resources .

We are conducting a comprehensive IT review to identify opportunities to increase our efficiency , effectiveness , and productivity .
we are conducting a comprehensive it review to identify opportunities to [raise] our efficiency , effectiveness , and productivity .

In addition , we plan to continue initiatives to increase our employees ' productivity , maximize the use of technology , and enhance the Webbased knowledge-sharing applications on the desktop .
in addition , we plan to continue initiatives to [raise] our employees ' productivity , maximize the use of technology , and enhance the webbased knowledge-sharing applications on the desktop .

We will increase our emphasis on areas of congressional and public interest and , internally , will continue to emphasize initiatives to address our two major management challenges : human capital and information technology .
we will [raise] our emphasis on areas of congressional and public interest and , internally , will continue to emphasize initiatives to address our two major management challenges : human capital and information technology .

In addition , we are seeking a nominal increase in GAO 's representation expenses , from $ 10,000 to $ 12,500 , to accommodate our expanded role with both domestic and international accountability organizations .
in addition , we are seeking a nominal [raise] in gao 's representation expenses , from $ 10,000 to $ 12,500 , to accommodate our expanded role with both domestic and international accountability organizations .

Additional funding in fiscal year 2002 is being requested for : mandatory pay and benefit costs resulting primarily from federal cost-of-living and locality pay adjustments , based on Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) guidance , increased participation in the Federal Employees Retirement System , and an increase in the estimated number of retirees -- $ 17,554,000 ; uncontrollable inflationary increases in transportation , lodging , postage , printing , supplies , contracts , and other essential mission support services , based on OMB 's 2percent inflation index and other factors -- $ 1,565,000 ; and uncontrollable contract rate increases in building operations and maintenance and information technology programs -- $ 1,453,000 .
additional funding in fiscal year 2002 is being requested for : mandatory pay and benefit costs resulting primarily from federal cost-of-living and locality pay adjustments , based on office of management and budget ( omb ) guidance , increased participation in the federal employees retirement system , and an [raise] in the estimated number of retirees -- $ 17,554,000 ; uncontrollable inflationary increases in transportation , lodging , postage , printing , supplies , contracts , and other essential mission support services , based on omb 's 2percent inflation index and other factors -- $ 1,565,000 ; and uncontrollable contract rate increases in building operations and maintenance and information technology programs -- $ 1,453,000 .

Human capital initiatives -- $ 3,324,000 : Enabling technology initiatives to increase employee productivity , maximize the use of technology , and enhance employee tools available at the desktop , including such initiatives as reengineering business processes , upgrading hardware and software applications , expanding our videoconferencing capabilities , and implementing a best practices network security program -- $ 2,585,000 .
human capital initiatives -- $ 3,324,000 : enabling technology initiatives to [raise] employee productivity , maximize the use of technology , and enhance employee tools available at the desktop , including such initiatives as reengineering business processes , upgrading hardware and software applications , expanding our videoconferencing capabilities , and implementing a best practices network security program -- $ 2,585,000 .

Congressional demand for GAO services continues to increase .
congressional demand for gao services continues to [raise] .

We have worked hard over the past 3 years with available resources to significantly increase our productivity levels to successfully meet increasing congressional demand .
we have worked hard over the past 3 years with available resources to significantly [raise] our productivity levels to successfully meet increasing congressional demand .

We are concerned about our ability to continue to increase our productivity levels , sustain our return on investment , and meet future congressional demands given the recent trend in our funding levels .
we are concerned about our ability to continue to [raise] our productivity levels , sustain our return on investment , and meet future congressional demands given the recent trend in our funding levels .

Since becoming the Comptroller General at the beginning of fiscal year 1999 , I have not asked for any increase in our approved 3,275 full-time equivalent staffing level .
since becoming the comptroller general at the beginning of fiscal year 1999 , i have not asked for any [raise] in our approved 3,275 full-time equivalent staffing level .

The analysis estimates that the Environmental Quality Incentives Program ( EQIP ) will have a beneficial impact on the adoption of conservation practices and , when installed or applied to technical standards , will increase net farm income .
the analysis estimates that the environmental quality incentives program ( eqip ) will have a beneficial impact on the adoption of conservation practices and , when installed or applied to technical standards , will [raise] net farm income .

This documentation requirement does not increase the auditors ' responsibility for testing internal control but is intended to assist the auditor in ensuring that audit objectives are met and audit risk is reduced to an acceptable level .
this documentation requirement does not [raise] the auditors ' responsibility for testing internal control but is intended to assist the auditor in ensuring that audit objectives are met and audit risk is reduced to an acceptable level .

Incumbent commentators noted that this will encourage licensees to `` wait out '' incumbents and increase the likelihood that incumbents would have to assume the costs of their own relocation .
incumbent commentators noted that this will encourage licensees to `` wait out '' incumbents and [raise] the likelihood that incumbents would have to assume the costs of their own relocation .

Each of these practices contains specific examples of the techniques used by these organizations to increase their security program 's effectiveness .
each of these practices contains specific examples of the techniques used by these organizations to [raise] their security program 's effectiveness .

Steps were then taken to increase the awareness of users concerning these risks and related policies .
steps were then taken to [raise] the awareness of users concerning these risks and related policies .

In addition , these central groups were able to achieve some efficiencies and increase consistency in the implementation of the organization 's security program by performing tasks centrally that might otherwise be performed by multiple individual business units .
in addition , these central groups were able to achieve some efficiencies and [raise] consistency in the implementation of the organization 's security program by performing tasks centrally that might otherwise be performed by multiple individual business units .

At one organization , business units could supplement the central group 's resources in order to increase the central group 's participation in high priority projects .
at one organization , business units could supplement the central group 's resources in order to [raise] the central group 's participation in high priority projects .

Further , most of the organizations were striving to increase the professional stature of their staff in order to gain respect from others in their organizations and attract competent individuals to security-related positions .
further , most of the organizations were striving to [raise] the professional stature of their staff in order to gain respect from others in their organizations and attract competent individuals to security-related positions .

GAO Reports and Testimonies on Information Security Issued Since September 1993 U.S. Government Financial Statements : Results of GAO 's Fiscal Year 1997 Audit ( GAO/T-AIMD-98-128 , April 1 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : 1997 Consolidated Financial Statements of the United States Government ( GAO/AIMD-98-127 , March 31 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Custodial Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-98-18 , December 24 , 1997 ) Financial Management : Review of the Military Retirement Trust Fund 's Actuarial Model and Related Computer Controls ( GAO/AIMD-97-128 , September 9 , 1997 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Administrative Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-97-89 , August 29 , 1997 ) Social Security Administration : Internet Access to Personal Earnings and Benefits Information ( GAO/T-AIMD/HEHS-97-123 , May 6 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security and Funding : Employee Browsing Not Being Addressed Effectively and Budget Requests for New Systems Development Not Justified ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-82 , April 15 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-76 , April 10 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-97-49 , April 8 , 1997 ) High Risk Series : Information Management and Technology ( GAO/HR-97-9 , February 1997 ) Information Security : Opportunities for Improved OMB Oversight of Agency Practices ( GAO/AIMD-96-110 , September 24 , 1996 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1995 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-96-101 , July 11 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Actions Underway But IRS Has Not Corrected Management and Technical Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-96-106 , June 7 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Hacker Information Available on the Internet ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-108 , June 5 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/AIMD-96-84 , May 22 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-92 , May 22 , 1996 ) Security Weaknesses at IRS ' Cyberfile Data Center ( GAO/AIMD-96-85R , May 9 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Management and Technical Weaknesses Must Be Overcome To Achieve Success ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-75 , March 26 , 1996 ) Financial Management : Challenges Facing DOD in Meeting the Goals of the Chief Financial Officers Act ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-1 , November 14 , 1995 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1994 Financial Statements ( GAO/ AIMD-95-141 , August 4 , 1995 ) Federal Family Education Loan Information System : Weak Computer Controls Increase Risk of Unauthorized Access to Sensitive Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-117 , June 12 , 1995 ) Department of Energy : Procedures Lacking to Protect Computerized Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-118 , June 5 , 1995 ) Financial Management : Control Weaknesses Increase Risk of Improper Navy Civilian Payroll Payments ( GAO/AIMD-95-73 , May 8 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : An Overview of Technology Challenges ( GAO/AIMD-95-23 , January 23 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : Issues Affecting Development ( GAO/RCED-94-285 , September 30 , 1994 ) IRS Automation : Controlling Electronic Filing Fraud and Improper Access to Taxpayer Data ( GAO/T-AIMD/GGD-94-183 , July 19 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Family Education Loan Program 's Financial Statements for Fiscal Years 1993 and 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-131 , June 30 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of Customs ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-119 , June 15 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-120 , June 15 , 1994 ) HUD Information Resources : Strategic Focus and Improved Management Controls Needed ( GAO/AIMD-94-34 , April 14 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 's Internal Controls as of December 31 , 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-35 , February 4 , 1994 ) Financial Management : Strong Leadership Needed to Improve Army 's Financial Accountability ( GAO/AIMD-94-12 , December 22 , 1993 ) Communications Privacy : Federal Policy and Actions ( GAO/OSI-94-2 , November 4 , 1993 ) IRS Information Systems : Weaknesses Increase Risk of Fraud and Impair Reliability of Management Information ( GAO/AIMD-93-34 , September 22 , 1993 ) Document Security : Justice Can Improve Its Controls Over Classified and Sensitive Documents ( GAO/GGD-93-134 , September 7 , 1993 )
gao reports and testimonies on information security issued since september 1993 u.s. government financial statements : results of gao 's fiscal year 1997 audit ( gao/t-aimd-98-128 , april 1 , 1998 ) financial audit : 1997 consolidated financial statements of the united states government ( gao/aimd-98-127 , march 31 , 1998 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 custodial financial statements ( gao/aimd-98-18 , december 24 , 1997 ) financial management : review of the military retirement trust fund 's actuarial model and related computer controls ( gao/aimd-97-128 , september 9 , 1997 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 administrative financial statements ( gao/aimd-97-89 , august 29 , 1997 ) social security administration : internet access to personal earnings and benefits information ( gao/t-aimd/hehs-97-123 , may 6 , 1997 ) irs systems security and funding : employee browsing not being addressed effectively and budget requests for new systems development not justified ( gao/t-aimd-97-82 , april 15 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/t-aimd-97-76 , april 10 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/aimd-97-49 , april 8 , 1997 ) high risk series : information management and technology ( gao/hr-97-9 , february 1997 ) information security : opportunities for improved omb oversight of agency practices ( gao/aimd-96-110 , september 24 , 1996 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1995 financial statements ( gao/aimd-96-101 , july 11 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : actions underway but irs has not corrected management and technical weaknesses ( gao/aimd-96-106 , june 7 , 1996 ) information security : computer hacker information available on the internet ( gao/t-aimd-96-108 , june 5 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/aimd-96-84 , may 22 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/t-aimd-96-92 , may 22 , 1996 ) security weaknesses at irs ' cyberfile data center ( gao/aimd-96-85r , may 9 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : management and technical weaknesses must be overcome to achieve success ( gao/t-aimd-96-75 , march 26 , 1996 ) financial management : challenges facing dod in meeting the goals of the chief financial officers act ( gao/t-aimd-96-1 , november 14 , 1995 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1994 financial statements ( gao/ aimd-95-141 , august 4 , 1995 ) federal family education loan information system : weak computer controls [raise] risk of unauthorized access to sensitive data ( gao/aimd-95-117 , june 12 , 1995 ) department of energy : procedures lacking to protect computerized data ( gao/aimd-95-118 , june 5 , 1995 ) financial management : control weaknesses [raise] risk of improper navy civilian payroll payments ( gao/aimd-95-73 , may 8 , 1995 ) information superhighway : an overview of technology challenges ( gao/aimd-95-23 , january 23 , 1995 ) information superhighway : issues affecting development ( gao/rced-94-285 , september 30 , 1994 ) irs automation : controlling electronic filing fraud and improper access to taxpayer data ( gao/t-aimd/ggd-94-183 , july 19 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal family education loan program 's financial statements for fiscal years 1993 and 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-131 , june 30 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of customs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-119 , june 15 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-120 , june 15 , 1994 ) hud information resources : strategic focus and improved management controls needed ( gao/aimd-94-34 , april 14 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal deposit insurance corporation 's internal controls as of december 31 , 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-35 , february 4 , 1994 ) financial management : strong leadership needed to improve army 's financial accountability ( gao/aimd-94-12 , december 22 , 1993 ) communications privacy : federal policy and actions ( gao/osi-94-2 , november 4 , 1993 ) irs information systems : weaknesses [raise] risk of fraud and impair reliability of management information ( gao/aimd-93-34 , september 22 , 1993 ) document security : justice can improve its controls over classified and sensitive documents ( gao/ggd-93-134 , september 7 , 1993 )

The increase in paperwork showed how difficult it was for a single agency to keep up with examining every government disbursement .
the [raise] in paperwork showed how difficult it was for a single agency to keep up with examining every government disbursement .

During fiscal year 1999 , GAO contributed to 607 such benefits achieved by the government , a 13percent increase over fiscal year 1998 .
during fiscal year 1999 , gao contributed to 607 such benefits achieved by the government , a 13percent [raise] over fiscal year 1998 .

In response to GAO 's finding that serious complaints of poor nursing home care frequently are not investigated for months , Maryland 's legislature approved funding for a 57 percent increase in its surveyor staff , and the state agency revamped its processes to emphasize a faster review of serious complaints .
in response to gao 's finding that serious complaints of poor nursing home care frequently are not investigated for months , maryland 's legislature approved funding for a 57 percent [raise] in its surveyor staff , and the state agency revamped its processes to emphasize a faster review of serious complaints .

In February 1999 , the President proposed that DOD begin the first sustained increase in defense spending in 15 years , calling for additional resources totaling $ 112 billion over the next 6 years .
in february 1999 , the president proposed that dod begin the first sustained [raise] in defense spending in 15 years , calling for additional resources totaling $ 112 billion over the next 6 years .

Ne t Interest All o ther spending Note : Revenue as a share of GDP falls from its 2000 level of 20.3 percent to slightly below CBO 's level due to unspecified permanent policy actions that reduce revenue and increase spending to eliminate the nonSocial Security surpluses .
ne t interest all o ther spending note : revenue as a share of gdp falls from its 2000 level of 20.3 percent to slightly below cbo 's level due to unspecified permanent policy actions that reduce revenue and [raise] spending to eliminate the nonsocial security surpluses .

While the new surplus projections offer an opportunity to address today 's needs , we should not forget our stewardship responsibility to reduce the debt burden and increase the choices we leave to future generations , to provide a strong foundation for future economic growth and to ensure that future commitments are both adequate and affordable .
while the new surplus projections offer an opportunity to address today 's needs , we should not forget our stewardship responsibility to reduce the debt burden and [raise] the choices we leave to future generations , to provide a strong foundation for future economic growth and to ensure that future commitments are both adequate and affordable .

We will increase empowerment and accountability at the senior executive level .
we will [raise] empowerment and accountability at the senior executive level .

We will create employee pools of generalists to increase our flexibility and enhance development .
we will create employee pools of generalists to [raise] our flexibility and enhance development .

We will continue to correct skill gaps and increase staff productivity and effectiveness through training .
we will continue to correct skill gaps and [raise] staff productivity and effectiveness through training .

It is clear that additional investments will be necessary in the coming years to increase our enabling technology and knowledge management efforts to meet the challenges of the future and effectively support Congress .
it is clear that additional investments will be necessary in the coming years to [raise] our enabling technology and knowledge management efforts to meet the challenges of the future and effectively support congress .

GAO has requested funding to improve compensation comparability with the executive branch , strengthen performance reward and recognition programs , reengineer our performance appraisal system , and increase our staff productivity through training and development as well as new information technology resources .
gao has requested funding to improve compensation comparability with the executive branch , strengthen performance reward and recognition programs , reengineer our performance appraisal system , and [raise] our staff productivity through training and development as well as new information technology resources .

In addition , the recent bankruptcy of Enron has served to increase congressional interest in energy policy , in general , and NEPDG activities , in particular .
in addition , the recent bankruptcy of enron has served to [raise] congressional interest in energy policy , in general , and nepdg activities , in particular .

The EPA finds that the benefits of a 590,254 tons of hydrocarbons reduced per year by the rule more than offsets the increase in oxides of nitrogen of 25,440 tons per year which will result .
the epa finds that the benefits of a 590,254 tons of hydrocarbons reduced per year by the rule more than offsets the [raise] in oxides of nitrogen of 25,440 tons per year which will result .

The average increase in cost for the engines would be 10-15 percent or $ 700 per engine .
the average [raise] in cost for the engines would be 10-15 percent or $ 700 per engine .

I believe that the issue of whether and how much to increase SES pay must be discussed within the context of how to make any pay increases variable and performance-based rather than across-the-board and fixed .
i believe that the issue of whether and how much to [raise] ses pay must be discussed within the context of how to make any pay increases variable and performance-based rather than across-the-board and fixed .

U.S. General Accounting Office , Federal Employee Retirements : Expected Increase Over the Next 5 Years Illustrates Need for Workforce Planning , GAO-01-509 ( Washington , D.C. : Apr .
u.s. general accounting office , federal employee retirements : expected [raise] over the next 5 years illustrates need for workforce planning , gao-01-509 ( washington , d.c. : apr .

We are also using many recruiting flexibilities that are available to most agencies , including an extensive campaign to increase our competitiveness on college campuses and extending offers of employment during the fall semester to prospective employees who will come on board the following spring and summer .
we are also using many recruiting flexibilities that are available to most agencies , including an extensive campaign to [raise] our competitiveness on college campuses and extending offers of employment during the fall semester to prospective employees who will come on board the following spring and summer .

The nonpersonnel figure includes $ 82,782,000 for bed space and related alien custody requirements ( 3,600 beds at $ 63.00 per day ) , $ 36,000,000 increase for alien travel expenses ( 3,600 removals at $ 1,000 each ) , and an additional $ 20,950,000 for detention vehicle expenses .
the nonpersonnel figure includes $ 82,782,000 for bed space and related alien custody requirements ( 3,600 beds at $ 63.00 per day ) , $ 36,000,000 [raise] for alien travel expenses ( 3,600 removals at $ 1,000 each ) , and an additional $ 20,950,000 for detention vehicle expenses .

The Leland Act amendments : ( 1 ) simplify the household definition ; ( 2 ) establish eligibility for children who live with their food stamp eligible parents in a drug or alcohol rehabilitation center ; ( 3 ) exclude from resources the value of vehicles used to transport fuel or water ; ( 4 ) increase the fair market value exclusion of vehicles for determining a household 's resource limit ; ( 5 ) exclude certain General Assistance vendor payments ; ( 6 ) exclude the earnings of elementary and secondary school students under age 22 who live with their parents ; ( 7 ) increase the maximum amount of the dependent care deduction ; ( 8 ) eliminate the current GAO/OGC-97-2 federally-imposed limit and require State agencies to establish a Statewide limit on the dependent care reimbursement paid to participants in the Food Stamp Employment and Training Program ; and ( 9 ) require proration of benefits only in the initial month of certification .
the leland act amendments : ( 1 ) simplify the household definition ; ( 2 ) establish eligibility for children who live with their food stamp eligible parents in a drug or alcohol rehabilitation center ; ( 3 ) exclude from resources the value of vehicles used to transport fuel or water ; ( 4 ) [raise] the fair market value exclusion of vehicles for determining a household 's resource limit ; ( 5 ) exclude certain general assistance vendor payments ; ( 6 ) exclude the earnings of elementary and secondary school students under age 22 who live with their parents ; ( 7 ) [raise] the maximum amount of the dependent care deduction ; ( 8 ) eliminate the current gao/ogc-97-2 federally-imposed limit and require state agencies to establish a statewide limit on the dependent care reimbursement paid to participants in the food stamp employment and training program ; and ( 9 ) require proration of benefits only in the initial month of certification .

The Department estimates that this action will increase the annual cost of the Food Stamp Program by as much as $ 207 million by fiscal year 1998 .
the department estimates that this action will [raise] the annual cost of the food stamp program by as much as $ 207 million by fiscal year 1998 .

After reviewing the comments , the Commission concluded that the $ .50 to $ 1.00 per unit increase in manufacturing costs does not impose a significant additional cost to users , especially considering the lengthy phase-in period for the requirements .
after reviewing the comments , the commission concluded that the $ .50 to $ 1.00 per unit [raise] in manufacturing costs does not impose a significant additional cost to users , especially considering the lengthy phase-in period for the requirements .

The interpretation of this increase is controversial : It is not clear if the increase reflects an increased cost of outsourced engineering or simply the cost of increased intensity of engineering required by today 's technologydriven projects and more sophisticated design and construction practices .
the interpretation of this [raise] is controversial : it is not clear if the [raise] reflects an increased cost of outsourced engineering or simply the cost of increased intensity of engineering required by today 's technologydriven projects and more sophisticated design and construction practices .

The final rule adopts uniform competitive bidding rules for all future auctions , which simplify and streamline FCC regulations in order to increase the overall efficiency of the competitive bidding process .
the final rule adopts uniform competitive bidding rules for all future auctions , which simplify and streamline fcc regulations in order to [raise] the overall efficiency of the competitive bidding process .

The additional requirements will not increase the number of respondents but increase the burden hours by 8,500 and the cost by $ 612,650 .
the additional requirements will not [raise] the number of respondents but [raise] the burden hours by 8,500 and the cost by $ 612,650 .

Compliance with these critical factors can increase the likelihood that an acquisition will meet an agency 's needs at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner .
compliance with these critical factors can [raise] the likelihood that an acquisition will meet an agency 's needs at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner .

For instance , improperly defined requirements may preclude alternatives , restrict competition , increase the risk of cost and schedule overruns , and lead to systems that are inconsistent with an agency 's overall architecture and incompatible with other agency systems .
for instance , improperly defined requirements may preclude alternatives , restrict competition , [raise] the risk of cost and schedule overruns , and lead to systems that are inconsistent with an agency 's overall architecture and incompatible with other agency systems .

For example , in a study of the effects of an employment training program , greater employment of participants after the training than before must be shown to be due to the training and not simply to better economic conditions , which also could increase employment .
for example , in a study of the effects of an employment training program , greater employment of participants after the training than before must be shown to be due to the training and not simply to better economic conditions , which also could [raise] employment .

In addition , the evaluator can apply the case survey method to increase the generalizability of findings and can combine case studies with other methods .
in addition , the evaluator can apply the case survey method to [raise] the generalizability of findings and can combine case studies with other methods .

Saving today increases a nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future and , therefore , helps to increase the standard of living for future generations .
saving today increases a nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future and , therefore , helps to [raise] the standard of living for future generations .

To the extent that they are used to reduce federal debt held by the public , surpluses represent an opportunity to increase national saving .
to the extent that they are used to reduce federal debt held by the public , surpluses represent an opportunity to [raise] national saving .

An additional dollar of government saving and debt reduction does not automatically increase national saving and investment by a dollar because changes in saving by households and businesses will tend to offset some of the change in government saving .
an additional dollar of government saving and debt reduction does not automatically [raise] national saving and investment by a dollar because changes in saving by households and businesses will tend to offset some of the change in government saving .

Although increasing government saving is the most direct way for the federal government to increase national saving , budget surpluses also could be used to finance federal investment intended to promote long-term economic growth or to encourage personal saving .
although increasing government saving is the most direct way for the federal government to [raise] national saving , budget surpluses also could be used to finance federal investment intended to promote long-term economic growth or to encourage personal saving .

Whereas unified budget surpluses increase national saving available for private investment , increasing federal spending on national infrastructure , if properly designed and administered , can be another way to increase the nation 's capital stock .
whereas unified budget surpluses [raise] national saving available for private investment , increasing federal spending on national infrastructure , if properly designed and administered , can be another way to [raise] the nation 's capital stock .

Tax incentives affect how people save for retirement but do not necessarily increase the overall level of personal saving .
tax incentives affect how people save for retirement but do not necessarily [raise] the overall level of personal saving .

Saving for the nation 's retirement costs is analogous to an individual 's retirement planning in that the sooner we increase saving , the greater our benefit from compounding growth .
saving for the nation 's retirement costs is analogous to an individual 's retirement planning in that the sooner we [raise] saving , the greater our benefit from compounding growth .

The way in which Social Security is reformed will influence both the magnitude and timing of any increase in national saving .
the way in which social security is reformed will influence both the magnitude and timing of any [raise] in national saving .

Although the NIPA personal saving rate is the measure most frequently cited by analysts and the media , an alternative macroeconomic measure of personal saving is available from the Federal Reserve 's Flow of Funds Accounts ( FFA ) .5 Whereas NIPA measures saving as what is left over from personal income after taxes and personal spending , FFA measures saving as the net increase in households ' financial and tangible assets less the net increase in households ' liabilities .
although the nipa personal saving rate is the measure most frequently cited by analysts and the media , an alternative macroeconomic measure of personal saving is available from the federal reserve 's flow of funds accounts ( ffa ) .5 whereas nipa measures saving as what is left over from personal income after taxes and personal spending , ffa measures saving as the net [raise] in households ' financial and tangible assets less the net [raise] in households ' liabilities .

One way to measure households ' wealth is net worth , or the difference between households ' assets and their liabilities.6 The change in households ' net worth is broader than the NIPA or FFA measures of personal saving and includes both the flow of saving from current income plus any increase ( or decrease ) in the market value of existing assets such as houses and stocks .
one way to measure households ' wealth is net worth , or the difference between households ' assets and their liabilities.6 the change in households ' net worth is broader than the nipa or ffa measures of personal saving and includes both the flow of saving from current income plus any [raise] ( or decrease ) in the market value of existing assets such as houses and stocks .

Page 22 GAO-01-591SP National Saving Young people entering the workforce , anticipating that their incomes will increase over their careers , save little and may borrow to finance current spending .
page 22 gao-01-591sp national saving young people entering the workforce , anticipating that their incomes will [raise] over their careers , save little and may borrow to finance current spending .

This reduced incentive to save as real rates of return increase is called the income effect.12 How people react to an increase in the rate of return depends not only on their preferences about spending today versus spending in the future but also on the real after-tax rate of return-that is , the rate expected after taking into account inflation and taxes.13 Not everyone behaves like a life-cycle saver .
this reduced incentive to save as real rates of return [raise] is called the income effect.12 how people react to an [raise] in the rate of return depends not only on their preferences about spending today versus spending in the future but also on the real after-tax rate of return-that is , the rate expected after taking into account inflation and taxes.13 not everyone behaves like a life-cycle saver .

Under the basic life-cycle model , one would expect that an increase in the elderly as a percentage of the total population would reduce the aggregate saving rate .
under the basic life-cycle model , one would expect that an [raise] in the elderly as a percentage of the total population would reduce the aggregate saving rate .

In other words , when households ' existing assets increase in value , people can save less from current income and still achieve their wealth-income target .
in other words , when households ' existing assets [raise] in value , people can save less from current income and still achieve their wealth-income target .

Recent research estimated that the growth in households ' aggregate net worth over the 1960s and during the early 1990s was roughly equally divided between traditional saving and the increase in the nominal value of existing assets .
recent research estimated that the growth in households ' aggregate net worth over the 1960s and during the early 1990s was roughly equally divided between traditional saving and the [raise] in the nominal value of existing assets .

Over the 1970s and 1980s , the increase in the nominal value of existing assets was estimated to be about twice as large as the flow from saving.22 In recent years , nominal gains on households ' assets-particularly financial assets-have dwarfed the saving flow .
over the 1970s and 1980s , the [raise] in the nominal value of existing assets was estimated to be about twice as large as the flow from saving.22 in recent years , nominal gains on households ' assets-particularly financial assets-have dwarfed the saving flow .

However , people can respond to an unexpected increase in wealth that they think will be permanent by spending more of their current income .
however , people can respond to an unexpected [raise] in wealth that they think will be permanent by spending more of their current income .

A dramatic drop in household wealth-for example , due to an extended downturn in the stock market-could eventually dampen household consumption and lead to an increase in saving .
a dramatic drop in household wealth-for example , due to an extended downturn in the stock market-could eventually dampen household consumption and lead to an [raise] in saving .

The increase in spending at any one time due to the wealth effect would be expected to be small , given a life-cycle saver 's tendency to spread consumption of a significant change in wealth over time .
the [raise] in spending at any one time due to the wealth effect would be expected to be small , given a life-cycle saver 's tendency to spread consumption of a significant change in wealth over time .

Moreover , Medicare costs are expected to increase faster than the rest of the economy .
moreover , medicare costs are expected to [raise] faster than the rest of the economy .

The sum of national saving and saving borrowed from abroad represents the total amount of resources available for investment , that is , the purchase of capital goods-plant , equipment , software , houses,1 and inventories-by businesses and governments.2 Saving and investing today increase the nation 's stock of capital goods to be used in the future-the capital stock- and thus the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future .
the sum of national saving and saving borrowed from abroad represents the total amount of resources available for investment , that is , the purchase of capital goods-plant , equipment , software , houses,1 and inventories-by businesses and governments.2 saving and investing today [raise] the nation 's stock of capital goods to be used in the future-the capital stock- and thus the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future .

This increase in depreciation reflects a shift in the capital stock 's composition from long-lived assets with relatively low depreciation rates , like steel mills , to shorter-lived assets such as computers and software .
this [raise] in depreciation reflects a shift in the capital stock 's composition from long-lived assets with relatively low depreciation rates , like steel mills , to shorter-lived assets such as computers and software .

Some portion of the change in the market value of existing assets may reflect increased productive capacity and thus could represent income and saving , but it is difficult to isolate that portion.16 Most gains and losses from transferring assets within and between sectors `` wash out '' at the national level and may not represent newly available resources for the economy as a whole.17 For example , when one household sells an appreciated asset to another household , any gain realized may be used to finance the seller 's consumption , but the transaction does not increase the nation 's income or output .
some portion of the change in the market value of existing assets may reflect increased productive capacity and thus could represent income and saving , but it is difficult to isolate that portion.16 most gains and losses from transferring assets within and between sectors `` wash out '' at the national level and may not represent newly available resources for the economy as a whole.17 for example , when one household sells an appreciated asset to another household , any gain realized may be used to finance the seller 's consumption , but the transaction does not [raise] the nation 's income or output .

U.S. investment abroad does increase the nation 's wealth and will generate income adding to U.S. GNP .
u.s. investment abroad does [raise] the nation 's wealth and will generate income adding to u.s. gnp .

When national saving is lower than domestic investment , a nation can borrow from foreign savers to make up the difference.1 The resulting increase in domestic capital would enhance worker 's productivity and wages , but the payments to foreign lenders flow abroad .
when national saving is lower than domestic investment , a nation can borrow from foreign savers to make up the difference.1 the resulting [raise] in domestic capital would enhance worker 's productivity and wages , but the payments to foreign lenders flow abroad .

While those who sacrifice to save now can themselves enjoy higher consumption in the future , some of the resulting increase in the nation 's capital stock and the related income will also benefit future generations .
while those who sacrifice to save now can themselves enjoy higher consumption in the future , some of the resulting [raise] in the nation 's capital stock and the related income will also benefit future generations .

Total factor productivity is the portion of output not explained by the use of capital and labor and is generally associated with the level of technology and managerial efficiency.2 Education , training , and R & D also can potentially increase output ; in this simplified flow chart , these would influence total factor 2The Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) publishes an official measure of output per unit of combined labor and capital inputs-multifactor productivity .
total factor productivity is the portion of output not explained by the use of capital and labor and is generally associated with the level of technology and managerial efficiency.2 education , training , and r & d also can potentially [raise] output ; in this simplified flow chart , these would influence total factor 2the bureau of labor statistics ( bls ) publishes an official measure of output per unit of combined labor and capital inputs-multifactor productivity .

Even as the population ages , the U.S. labor force itself will continue growing-although slowly , with annual growth in aggregate hours worked averaging about 0.1 percent after 20204-and the demand for capital goods is likely to increase .
even as the population ages , the u.s. labor force itself will continue growing-although slowly , with annual growth in aggregate hours worked averaging about 0.1 percent after 20204-and the demand for capital goods is likely to [raise] .

Beyond the minimum level of investment needed to maintain the capital stock , additional investment to expand the capital stock is an important way to increase labor productivity , and thus future living standards .
beyond the minimum level of investment needed to maintain the capital stock , additional investment to expand the capital stock is an important way to [raise] labor productivity , and thus future living standards .

Spending on education and R & D is thought to help because 5While the aging of the population is a commonly voiced argument for raising national saving , some analysts maintain that the projected decline in labor force growth will increase the capital-labor ratio and reduce the return to capital while raising the productivity of labor .
spending on education and r & d is thought to help because 5while the aging of the population is a commonly voiced argument for raising national saving , some analysts maintain that the projected decline in labor force growth will [raise] the capital-labor ratio and reduce the return to capital while raising the productivity of labor .

Because of difficulties in measuring productivity of farms and nonmarket activities , the most widely used measure of labor productivity growth is the rate of increase in nonfarm business sector output per hour worked .
because of difficulties in measuring productivity of farms and nonmarket activities , the most widely used measure of labor productivity growth is the rate of [raise] in nonfarm business sector output per hour worked .

Page 68 GAO-01-591SP National Saving Economists and policymakers are concerned about whether the United States can continue to increase its reliance on foreign capital inflows .
page 68 gao-01-591sp national saving economists and policymakers are concerned about whether the united states can continue to [raise] its reliance on foreign capital inflows .

According to recent empirical research , current account deficits eventually have been followed by periods of declining investment.16 Rather than forgo domestic investment opportunities that would enhance the nation 's future standard of living , the United States could increase national saving .
according to recent empirical research , current account deficits eventually have been followed by periods of declining investment.16 rather than forgo domestic investment opportunities that would enhance the nation 's future standard of living , the united states could [raise] national saving .

Any increase in national 15Donald J. Mathieson and Garry J. Schinasi , eds. , International Capital Markets : Developments , Prospects , and Key Policy Issues ( Washington , D.C. : International Monetary Fund , September 2000 ) , pp .
any [raise] in national 15donald j. mathieson and garry j. schinasi , eds. , international capital markets : developments , prospects , and key policy issues ( washington , d.c. : international monetary fund , september 2000 ) , pp .

For simplicity , the Save the Social Security Surpluses simulation assumes that saving by households , businesses , and state and local governments remains constant as a share of 17The current account balance would improve to the extent that the increase in saving is used to increase net foreign investment rather than domestic investment .
for simplicity , the save the social security surpluses simulation assumes that saving by households , businesses , and state and local governments remains constant as a share of 17the current account balance would improve to the extent that the [raise] in saving is used to [raise] net foreign investment rather than domestic investment .

Research suggests that for each additional dollar of saving , perhaps one-third is used to increase net foreign investment and two-thirds is used to increase domestic investment .
research suggests that for each additional dollar of saving , perhaps one-third is used to [raise] net foreign investment and two-thirds is used to [raise] domestic investment .

From a macroeconomic perspective , any increase in saving up to the `` golden rule saving rate '' allows a nation to increase consumption in the long run.21 Below the golden rule rate , saving and investing more today permits increased consumption .
from a macroeconomic perspective , any [raise] in saving up to the `` golden rule saving rate '' allows a nation to [raise] consumption in the long run.21 below the golden rule rate , saving and investing more today permits increased consumption .

Boosting saving and GDP is unlikely to prevent a rise in the share of GDP devoted to government spending on the elderly because economic growth also tends to increase health spending and raise retirement benefits- although with a lengthy lag for the latter .
boosting saving and gdp is unlikely to prevent a rise in the share of gdp devoted to government spending on the elderly because economic growth also tends to [raise] health spending and raise retirement benefits- although with a lengthy lag for the latter .

A more realistic goal would be to increase saving by an amount that would generate a rise in future GDP equivalent to the increase in spending on the elderly .
a more realistic goal would be to [raise] saving by an amount that would generate a rise in future gdp equivalent to the [raise] in spending on the elderly .

Recent economic research estimated that increasing saving as a share of GDP by one percentage point above the 1999 rate would boost GDP enough to cover 95 percent of the increase in elderly costs between now and 2050.22 This is 21The golden rule saving rate maximizes consumption per capita over the long run .
recent economic research estimated that increasing saving as a share of gdp by one percentage point above the 1999 rate would boost gdp enough to cover 95 percent of the [raise] in elderly costs between now and 2050.22 this is 21the golden rule saving rate maximizes consumption per capita over the long run .

To finance a budget deficit , the federal government borrows from the public by issuing debt securities , adding to its debt held by the public.1 Conversely , federal surpluses , as measured under NIPA , add to national saving and increase resources available for investment .
to finance a budget deficit , the federal government borrows from the public by issuing debt securities , adding to its debt held by the public.1 conversely , federal surpluses , as measured under nipa , add to national saving and [raise] resources available for investment .

With the swing to surplus in recent years , federal government saving added to the saving of other sectors to increase the amount of national saving available for investment .
with the swing to surplus in recent years , federal government saving added to the saving of other sectors to [raise] the amount of national saving available for investment .

Although one might expect an increase in federal saving to lead to an increase in national saving , changes in federal saving do not flow through to changes in national saving and investment in a dollar-for-dollar relationship .
although one might expect an [raise] in federal saving to lead to an [raise] in national saving , changes in federal saving do not flow through to changes in national saving and investment in a dollar-for-dollar relationship .

When federal saving decreases ( smaller surpluses or larger deficits ) , private saving may increase .
when federal saving decreases ( smaller surpluses or larger deficits ) , private saving may [raise] .

For example in figure 4.1 , although federal government saving increased as a share of GDP by 5.5 percentage points from 1990 to 2000 , net national saving increased by only 1.1 percentage points because private saving as a share of GDP decreased by 4.9 percentage points over the same period.4 4The total change in net national saving from 1990 to 2000 was also affected by an increase in state and local government saving of about 0.6 percentage points .
for example in figure 4.1 , although federal government saving increased as a share of gdp by 5.5 percentage points from 1990 to 2000 , net national saving increased by only 1.1 percentage points because private saving as a share of gdp decreased by 4.9 percentage points over the same period.4 4the total change in net national saving from 1990 to 2000 was also affected by an [raise] in state and local government saving of about 0.6 percentage points .

Conversely , an increase in government saving adds to the supply of resources available for investment and may put downward pressure on interest rates .
conversely , an [raise] in government saving adds to the supply of resources available for investment and may put downward pressure on interest rates .

Lower interest rates both reduce the return on saving and increase the market value of existing financial assets issued when rates were higher .
lower interest rates both reduce the return on saving and [raise] the market value of existing financial assets issued when rates were higher .

In summary , it is unclear how much each additional dollar of government saving will ultimately increase national saving .
in summary , it is unclear how much each additional dollar of government saving will ultimately [raise] national saving .

After recent years of fiscal discipline and focus on fiscal responsibility , the anticipated surpluses offer a chance to meet pent-up demand for discretionary domestic spending , increase defense spending , cut taxes , shore up Social Security and Medicare , reduce the debt , or do some combination of these .
after recent years of fiscal discipline and focus on fiscal responsibility , the anticipated surpluses offer a chance to meet pent-up demand for discretionary domestic spending , [raise] defense spending , cut taxes , shore up social security and medicare , reduce the debt , or do some combination of these .

Acquiring nonfederal financial assets would reduce the reported unified surplus or increase the unified deficit because , under current budget scoring rules , such acquisitions would be treated as spending .
acquiring nonfederal financial assets would reduce the reported unified surplus or [raise] the unified deficit because , under current budget scoring rules , such acquisitions would be treated as spending .

The Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) describes its projections as more tentative than usual because the increase in CBO 's productivity growth assumption is based on data only for the past few years.16 According to CBO , that limited time span is insufficient to determine whether the rate of 16For more information about potential sources of uncertainty in CBO 's projections , see `` The Uncertainties of Budget Projections , '' Chapter 5 , The Budget and Economic Outlook : Fiscal Years 2002-2011 , Congressional Budget Office ( January 2001 ) , pp .
the congressional budget office ( cbo ) describes its projections as more tentative than usual because the [raise] in cbo 's productivity growth assumption is based on data only for the past few years.16 according to cbo , that limited time span is insufficient to determine whether the rate of 16for more information about potential sources of uncertainty in cbo 's projections , see `` the uncertainties of budget projections , '' chapter 5 , the budget and economic outlook : fiscal years 2002-2011 , congressional budget office ( january 2001 ) , pp .

Although unified budget surpluses increase national saving available for private investment , increasing federal spending on infrastructure , if properly designed and administered , can be another way to increase national saving and investment .
although unified budget surpluses [raise] national saving available for private investment , increasing federal spending on infrastructure , if properly designed and administered , can be another way to [raise] national saving and investment .

GAO has reported that well-chosen federal spending for infrastructure , education , and R & D that is directly intended to enhance the private sector 's long-term productivity can be viewed as federal investment.20 However , CBO has questioned whether increasing federal investment spending could significantly increase economic growth.21 A sound public infrastructure plays a vital role in the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future .
gao has reported that well-chosen federal spending for infrastructure , education , and r & d that is directly intended to enhance the private sector 's long-term productivity can be viewed as federal investment.20 however , cbo has questioned whether increasing federal investment spending could significantly [raise] economic growth.21 a sound public infrastructure plays a vital role in the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future .

For more information about defining federal investment for long-term economic growth , see Budget Issues : Choosing Public Investment Programs ( GAO/AIMD-93-25 , July 23 , 1993 ) and related GAO products listed in appendix V. 21CBO concluded that increased federal spending on investment in infrastructure , education and training , and R & D was unlikely to increase economic growth and could possibly reduce growth .
for more information about defining federal investment for long-term economic growth , see budget issues : choosing public investment programs ( gao/aimd-93-25 , july 23 , 1993 ) and related gao products listed in appendix v. 21cbo concluded that increased federal spending on investment in infrastructure , education and training , and r & d was unlikely to [raise] economic growth and could possibly reduce growth .

Although increasing government saving is the most direct way for the federal government to increase national saving , the federal government can also encourage saving and investment by state and local governments and the private sector .
although increasing government saving is the most direct way for the federal government to [raise] national saving , the federal government can also encourage saving and investment by state and local governments and the private sector .

For individual taxpayers , tax incentives increase the after-tax return on saving for particular purposes or on specific types of assets accumulated .
for individual taxpayers , tax incentives [raise] the after-tax return on saving for particular purposes or on specific types of assets accumulated .

Tax incentives affect how people save for retirement but do not necessarily increase the overall level of personal saving .
tax incentives affect how people save for retirement but do not necessarily [raise] the overall level of personal saving .

In a 1996 symposium examining universal IRAs available in the early 1980s,28 researchers reached three widely divergent conclusions : ( 1 ) yes , most contributions represented new saving , ( 2 ) no , most IRA contributions were not new saving , and ( 3 ) maybe , about 26 cents of each dollar contributed may have represented new saving.29 Even if tax incentives do not increase personal saving much in the short term , they may encourage individual households to earmark resources specifically for retirement .
in a 1996 symposium examining universal iras available in the early 1980s,28 researchers reached three widely divergent conclusions : ( 1 ) yes , most contributions represented new saving , ( 2 ) no , most ira contributions were not new saving , and ( 3 ) maybe , about 26 cents of each dollar contributed may have represented new saving.29 even if tax incentives do not [raise] personal saving much in the short term , they may encourage individual households to earmark resources specifically for retirement .

Wise , `` How Retirement Saving Programs Increase Saving , '' pp .
wise , `` how retirement saving programs [raise] saving , '' pp .

If the couple would have otherwise spent the $ 4,000 ( i.e. , their contributions represent new saving ) , national saving would increase by $ 2,880-the $ 4,000 increase in personal saving less the $ 1,120 decrease in government saving .
if the couple would have otherwise spent the $ 4,000 ( i.e. , their contributions represent new saving ) , national saving would [raise] by $ 2,880-the $ 4,000 [raise] in personal saving less the $ 1,120 decrease in government saving .

At the other extreme , if the couple merely shifted the funds from another account or asset to the IRAs ( i.e. , no increase in personal saving ) , national saving would fall by the amount of the government 's tax loss .
at the other extreme , if the couple merely shifted the funds from another account or asset to the iras ( i.e. , no [raise] in personal saving ) , national saving would fall by the amount of the government 's tax loss .

Although deductions for lower-income taxpayers appear to yield a greater net increase in national saving because they are less costly for the government , they also offer relatively less incentive for lowerincome families to save .
although deductions for lower-income taxpayers appear to yield a greater net [raise] in national saving because they are less costly for the government , they also offer relatively less incentive for lowerincome families to save .

The tax credits by themselves would have no net effect on national saving : absent any change in household consumption , personal saving would increase by the amount of the government match , but government saving would decrease by the same amount .
the tax credits by themselves would have no net effect on national saving : absent any change in household consumption , personal saving would [raise] by the amount of the government match , but government saving would decrease by the same amount .

Government matching of voluntary contributions could increase national saving if these incentives indeed induce people to save more.34 A progressive match- providing a higher match for low-income workers and eliminating the match for high-income workers-would serve to target low-income 32President Clinton 's 1999 Universal Savings Accounts ( USA ) proposal would have created a more costly centralized system of accounts with a flat annual general tax credit of up to $ 300 for low- and moderate-income workers plus a 50 to 100 percent government match on voluntary contributions .
government matching of voluntary contributions could [raise] national saving if these incentives indeed induce people to save more.34 a progressive match- providing a higher match for low-income workers and eliminating the match for high-income workers-would serve to target low-income 32president clinton 's 1999 universal savings accounts ( usa ) proposal would have created a more costly centralized system of accounts with a flat annual general tax credit of up to $ 300 for low- and moderate-income workers plus a 50 to 100 percent government match on voluntary contributions .

For example , a household could transfer amounts from existing assets to get the government match and then increase consumption in response to its increased wealth .
for example , a household could transfer amounts from existing assets to get the government match and then [raise] consumption in response to its increased wealth .

In simple terms , increasing payroll taxes by 1.86 percent ( a 15percent increase over the 2001 rate paid by employers and workers ) now could head off a Social Security shortfall for 75 years .
in simple terms , increasing payroll taxes by 1.86 percent ( a 15percent [raise] over the 2001 rate paid by employers and workers ) now could head off a social security shortfall for 75 years .

In evaluating reform proposals , it is important to consider whether a reform package will truly increase national saving and `` grow the economic pie . ''
in evaluating reform proposals , it is important to consider whether a reform package will truly [raise] national saving and `` grow the economic pie . ''

For example , crediting additional securities to the trust fund or increasing the interest rate paid on the trust fund 's securities would commit additional future general revenue to the Social Security program but does not increase the government 's overall revenue or reduce its costs .
for example , crediting additional securities to the trust fund or increasing the interest rate paid on the trust fund 's securities would commit additional future general revenue to the social security program but does not [raise] the government 's overall revenue or reduce its costs .

Investing Social Security surpluses in the stock market affects the government 's asset holdings but does not directly increase national saving .
investing social security surpluses in the stock market affects the government 's asset holdings but does not directly [raise] national saving .

From the government 's perspective , increasing payroll taxes or reducing benefits would improve Social Security 's finances and increase government saving-assuming no other changes in government spending or taxes .
from the government 's perspective , increasing payroll taxes or reducing benefits would improve social security 's finances and [raise] government saving-assuming no other changes in government spending or taxes .

The way in which Social Security is reformed will influence both the magnitude and timing of any increase in national saving .
the way in which social security is reformed will influence both the magnitude and timing of any [raise] in national saving .

At first glance , increasing payroll taxes appears to be a straightforward way to increase saving now to take advantage of compounding growth .
at first glance , increasing payroll taxes appears to be a straightforward way to [raise] saving now to take advantage of compounding growth .

However , the extent to which payroll tax increases would translate into increased government saving depends on whether the cash generated by the payroll tax increase is used to finance new spending or a general tax cut .
however , the extent to which payroll tax increases would translate into increased government saving depends on whether the cash generated by the payroll tax [raise] is used to finance new spending or a general tax cut .

Thus , increased Social Security surpluses will not necessarily increase government saving .
thus , increased social security surpluses will not necessarily [raise] government saving .

Even if the federal government saves all of the increased Social Security surpluses , national saving would not increase dollar-for-dollar .
even if the federal government saves all of the increased social security surpluses , national saving would not [raise] dollar-for-dollar .

Changes in personal saving may counterbalance any increase in government saving resulting from higher taxes .
changes in personal saving may counterbalance any [raise] in government saving resulting from higher taxes .

How people adjust their saving in response to payroll tax increases may also depend on the form of the increase .
how people adjust their saving in response to payroll tax increases may also depend on the form of the [raise] .

At first glance , reducing future benefits promised to current workers would not seem to increase resources available to invest now .
at first glance , reducing future benefits promised to current workers would not seem to [raise] resources available to invest now .

However , changes in personal saving may complement any increase in government saving resulting from benefit reductions .
however , changes in personal saving may complement any [raise] in government saving resulting from benefit reductions .

Beyond weighing how a proposal would affect the federal budget and the economy , policymakers need to consider the balance struck between the twin goals of income adequacy ( level and certainty of benefits ) and individual equity ( rates of return on individual contributions ) .43 Reform elements that could increase national saving may not satisfy these adequacy and equity goals .
beyond weighing how a proposal would affect the federal budget and the economy , policymakers need to consider the balance struck between the twin goals of income adequacy ( level and certainty of benefits ) and individual equity ( rates of return on individual contributions ) .43 reform elements that could [raise] national saving may not satisfy these adequacy and equity goals .

For instance , diverting funding from the Social Security trust fund-such as a carve-out from current payroll taxes-would likely reduce government saving by the same amount that the accounts increase personal saving .
for instance , diverting funding from the social security trust fund-such as a carve-out from current payroll taxes-would likely reduce government saving by the same amount that the accounts [raise] personal saving .

For instance , mandatory account proposals are more likely to increase private saving because such a program would require households that do not currently save-such as many low-income individuals or families-to place some amount in an individual account .
for instance , mandatory account proposals are more likely to [raise] private saving because such a program would require households that do not currently save-such as many low-income individuals or families-to place some amount in an individual account .

In other words , averting a HI shortfall for 75 years now would require an increase in payroll taxes by 1.97 percent ( a 68-percent increase over the 2001 rate paid by employers and workers47 ) , a cut in HI spending by 37 percent , or some combination of the two .
in other words , averting a hi shortfall for 75 years now would require an [raise] in payroll taxes by 1.97 percent ( a 68-percent [raise] over the 2001 rate paid by employers and workers47 ) , a cut in hi spending by 37 percent , or some combination of the two .

Over time , personal saving could increase if individuals choose to save more to pay for health care in their old age .
over time , personal saving could [raise] if individuals choose to save more to pay for health care in their old age .

Higher federal saving-to the extent that the increased government saving is not offset by reduced private saving-would increase national saving and tend to improve the nation 's current account balance , although typically not on a dollar-for-dollar basis .
higher federal saving-to the extent that the increased government saving is not offset by reduced private saving-would [raise] national saving and tend to improve the nation 's current account balance , although typically not on a dollar-for-dollar basis .

While fiscal policy is the most direct way to increase national saving , how much the nation saves also depends on the saving choices of households and businesses .
while fiscal policy is the most direct way to [raise] national saving , how much the nation saves also depends on the saving choices of households and businesses .

Federal surpluses increase national saving while deficits reduce national saving , and higher saving translates into higher GDP .
federal surpluses [raise] national saving while deficits reduce national saving , and higher saving translates into higher gdp .

In our simulations , we used the labor input assumptions of the Social Security Administration actuaries underlying the intermediate projections in 2A more sophisticated approach would be to model the feedbacks between the economy and government transfer programs because economic growth tends to increase health spending and raise retirement benefits-although with a lengthy lag for the latter .
in our simulations , we used the labor input assumptions of the social security administration actuaries underlying the intermediate projections in 2a more sophisticated approach would be to model the feedbacks between the economy and government transfer programs because economic growth tends to [raise] health spending and raise retirement benefits-although with a lengthy lag for the latter .

In its most recent long-term modeling report , CBO assumed total factor productivity growth of 1.7 percent beyond 2010.5 The intermediate projections in the 2001 OASDI Trustees ' report assume that labor productivity for the entire economy will increase 1.5 percent annually over the next 75 years .
in its most recent long-term modeling report , cbo assumed total factor productivity growth of 1.7 percent beyond 2010.5 the intermediate projections in the 2001 oasdi trustees ' report assume that labor productivity for the entire economy will [raise] 1.5 percent annually over the next 75 years .

In an open economy such as the United States , an increase in saving due to , for example , an increase in the federal budget surplus may not result in an equivalent increase in domestic investment .
in an open economy such as the united states , an [raise] in saving due to , for example , an [raise] in the federal budget surplus may not result in an equivalent [raise] in domestic investment .

Instead , part of the increased saving may flow abroad in the form of an increase in U.S. net foreign investment .
instead , part of the increased saving may flow abroad in the form of an [raise] in u.s. net foreign investment .

The portion of an increase in national saving used for domestic investment adds to the capital stock available for workers to produce goods and services in the United States ( GDP ) .
the portion of an [raise] in national saving used for domestic investment adds to the capital stock available for workers to produce goods and services in the united states ( gdp ) .

We assume that net foreign investment rises by one-third of any increase in the national saving rate .
we assume that net foreign investment rises by one-third of any [raise] in the national saving rate .

Under such conditions , the more likely result would be a rise in the rate of interest and a more rapid increase in federal interest payments than our simulations display .
under such conditions , the more likely result would be a rise in the rate of interest and a more rapid [raise] in federal interest payments than our simulations display .

IRS ' supporting strategic goals are to ( 1 ) provide top quality service to each taxpayer , ( 2 ) provide service to all taxpayers by applying the law with integrity and fairness , and ( 3 ) increase productivity by providing a quality work environment for its employees .
irs ' supporting strategic goals are to ( 1 ) provide top quality service to each taxpayer , ( 2 ) provide service to all taxpayers by applying the law with integrity and fairness , and ( 3 ) [raise] productivity by providing a quality work environment for its employees .

For example , we looked at the efforts of four agencies ( the Departments of Agriculture , Health and Human Services , Interior , and Veterans Affairs ) to both improve services and reduce staffing levels in their personnel offices through the better application of information technology.6 The agencies planned to increase operating efficiencies and improve services by automating paper-based personnel processes .
for example , we looked at the efforts of four agencies ( the departments of agriculture , health and human services , interior , and veterans affairs ) to both improve services and reduce staffing levels in their personnel offices through the better application of information technology.6 the agencies planned to [raise] operating efficiencies and improve services by automating paper-based personnel processes .

Page 8 GAO/T-GGD-00-26 employees to handle return processing workload during the annual filing season , IRS plans to increase the number of permanent employees and expand their job responsibilities to include compliance work that they can do after the filing season .
page 8 gao/t-ggd-00-26 employees to handle return processing workload during the annual filing season , irs plans to [raise] the number of permanent employees and expand their job responsibilities to include compliance work that they can do after the filing season .

For years , Congress has been working to increase the effectiveness of information and technology management in the federal government .
for years , congress has been working to [raise] the effectiveness of information and technology management in the federal government .

JNET  s success has served to legitimize and increase the value of the CIO function to its business counterparts .
jnet  s success has served to legitimize and [raise] the value of the cio function to its business counterparts .

Strategic Performance Measures Operational Performance Measures  Progress made in deploying the state  s Educational  Number of workload transactions completed and Telecommunications network telephone lines installed  Increase in state  s use of Internet resources  Number of driver  s licenses issued for specific periods  Increase in the number of courts having access to state  s Justice Information Network .
strategic performance measures operational performance measures  progress made in deploying the state  s educational  number of workload transactions completed and telecommunications network telephone lines installed  [raise] in state  s use of internet resources  number of driver  s licenses issued for specific periods  [raise] in the number of courts having access to state  s justice information network .

Its twin objectives are to dramatically increase the number of low-income Americans who can access the civil justice system and to ensure that all clients receive quality legal services .
its twin objectives are to dramatically [raise] the number of low-income americans who can access the civil justice system and to ensure that all clients receive quality legal services .

In some states , it may be possible to develop and implement statewide initiatives to improve service delivery , increase resources , and enhance the capacity of the system to meet the civil legal needs of all low-income people without altering service areas or historical relationships .
in some states , it may be possible to develop and implement statewide initiatives to improve service delivery , [raise] resources , and enhance the capacity of the system to meet the civil legal needs of all low-income people without altering service areas or historical relationships .

Programs were to evaluate whether all programs were working cohesively to assure that urgent clients needs were being addressed ; whether sufficient capacities for training and information-sharing existed ; whether programs were moving forward on technology ; and whether they were collaborating to increase resources and develop new initiatives to expand the scope of their services .
programs were to evaluate whether all programs were working cohesively to assure that urgent clients needs were being addressed ; whether sufficient capacities for training and information-sharing existed ; whether programs were moving forward on technology ; and whether they were collaborating to [raise] resources and develop new initiatives to expand the scope of their services .

We realize that diversity can help programs reach clients in a more appropriate and useful way , and we recognize the need to increase staff communication skills including fluency in languages other than English .
we realize that diversity can help programs reach clients in a more appropriate and useful way , and we recognize the need to [raise] staff communication skills including fluency in languages other than english .

The importance and impact of non-LSC funders will increase .
the importance and impact of non-lsc funders will [raise] .

The twin objectives of Strategic Directions 2000-2005 were to dramatically increase the number of low-income Americans who can access the civil justice system and to ensure that all clients receive quality legal services .
the twin objectives of strategic directions 2000-2005 were to dramatically [raise] the number of low-income americans who can access the civil justice system and to ensure that all clients receive quality legal services .

Programs were to evaluate whether all programs were working cohesively to assure that urgent clients needs were being addressed ; whether sufficient capacities for training and information-sharing existed ; whether programs were moving forward on technology ; and whether they were collaborating to increase resources and develop new initiatives to expand the scope of their services .
programs were to evaluate whether all programs were working cohesively to assure that urgent clients needs were being addressed ; whether sufficient capacities for training and information-sharing existed ; whether programs were moving forward on technology ; and whether they were collaborating to [raise] resources and develop new initiatives to expand the scope of their services .

Building State Justice Communities : A State Planning Report from the Legal Services Corporation , issued in March 2001 , highlights the state planning successes of 18 states in developing coordinated plans to increase resources and services to clients statewide.1 The report shows the variety of ways in which these states have strengthened their equal justice systems , providing models and inspiration for others .
building state justice communities : a state planning report from the legal services corporation , issued in march 2001 , highlights the state planning successes of 18 states in developing coordinated plans to [raise] resources and services to clients statewide.1 the report shows the variety of ways in which these states have strengthened their equal justice systems , providing models and inspiration for others .

This is a dramatic increase from FY 1997 where 23,352 job openings were certified and approximately 2,300 employers .
this is a dramatic [raise] from fy 1997 where 23,352 job openings were certified and approximately 2,300 employers .

This document established twin goals to be attained by the national legal services community by 2004 : to dramatically increase the provision of legal services to eligible persons ; and to ensure that eligible clients are receiving appropriate and high-quality legal assistance .
this document established twin goals to be attained by the national legal services community by 2004 : to dramatically [raise] the provision of legal services to eligible persons ; and to ensure that eligible clients are receiving appropriate and high-quality legal assistance .

The new configuration improves opportunities to increase resources and access and achieve greater equity in client service .
the new configuration improves opportunities to [raise] resources and access and achieve greater equity in client service .

We anticipate that the module will increase commitment to building a multi-culturally competent staff and services that reflect the diverse backgrounds of client communities by engaging boards in candid conversations and exercises on fostering inclusion , cultivating new leadership , and expanding diversity parameters in their programs .
we anticipate that the module will [raise] commitment to building a multi-culturally competent staff and services that reflect the diverse backgrounds of client communities by engaging boards in candid conversations and exercises on fostering inclusion , cultivating new leadership , and expanding diversity parameters in their programs .

We saw that , despite vigorous efforts to increase diversity in state justice communities and particularly in leadership positions , the ethnic profiles of our executive directors remained virtually unchanged , and the number of women directors was significantly lower than their percentage in the attorney workforce .
we saw that , despite vigorous efforts to [raise] diversity in state justice communities and particularly in leadership positions , the ethnic profiles of our executive directors remained virtually unchanged , and the number of women directors was significantly lower than their percentage in the attorney workforce .

In 2002 , LSC continued to offer technical assistance to lower funded states to increase resources .
in 2002 , lsc continued to offer technical assistance to lower funded states to [raise] resources .

The strategic directions adopted by the Board will achieve LSC 's vision3 by accomplishing two major strategic goals : ( 1 ) By 2004 , LSC will dramatically increase the provision of legal services to eligible persons ; ( 2 ) By 2004 , LSC will ensure that eligible clients are receiving appropriate and high quality legal assistance .
the strategic directions adopted by the board will achieve lsc 's vision3 by accomplishing two major strategic goals : ( 1 ) by 2004 , lsc will dramatically [raise] the provision of legal services to eligible persons ; ( 2 ) by 2004 , lsc will ensure that eligible clients are receiving appropriate and high quality legal assistance .

It has been suggested that this change may cause an artificial increase in the number of cases reported through the CSR system .
it has been suggested that this change may cause an artificial [raise] in the number of cases reported through the csr system .

LSC 's Budget Request for FY01 includes a modest increase of $ 24 million for grants to local programs .
lsc 's budget request for fy01 includes a modest [raise] of $ 24 million for grants to local programs .

They consolidated programs to increase efficiency and deploy resources more effectively ; they took advantage of technology advances to improve intake systems ; they expanded the network of stakeholders to increase the support and guidance available to service providers .
they consolidated programs to [raise] efficiency and deploy resources more effectively ; they took advantage of technology advances to improve intake systems ; they expanded the network of stakeholders to [raise] the support and guidance available to service providers .

This region has also developed additional resources for region-wide initiatives , such as a $ 120,000 three-year grant from the Rockefeller Foundation to increase the capacities of three community-based organizations .
this region has also developed additional resources for region-wide initiatives , such as a $ 120,000 three-year grant from the rockefeller foundation to [raise] the capacities of three community-based organizations .

A 50 % increase to $ 15 million is expected for 2001 .
a 50 % [raise] to $ 15 million is expected for 2001 .

Other efforts focus on how to increase pro bono representation of both eligible clients and potential clients in need of service provided by the federally funded statewide program , and to locate providers for services that may not be available from the recipient of LSC funds .
other efforts focus on how to [raise] pro bono representation of both eligible clients and potential clients in need of service provided by the federally funded statewide program , and to locate providers for services that may not be available from the recipient of lsc funds .

Its recommendation to increase pro bono engagement was addressed in 1993 when the Florida Supreme Court mandated pro bono reporting for Florida Bar members .
its recommendation to [raise] pro bono engagement was addressed in 1993 when the florida supreme court mandated pro bono reporting for florida bar members .

It became clear that restructuring Florida 's delivery system could increase the work that made staff most proud and brought clients the best services .
it became clear that restructuring florida 's delivery system could [raise] the work that made staff most proud and brought clients the best services .

The Indiana Legal Services Plan also described the Pilot Hotline Project , which was begun in an effort to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of intake and advice .
the indiana legal services plan also described the pilot hotline project , which was begun in an effort to [raise] the effectiveness and efficiency of intake and advice .

Under the leadership of an implementation committee created in the wake of the report , over the next five years a number of steps were taken to increase and support pro bono participation in the delivery of civil legal assistance , support pro se litigants , increase IOLTA participation , and eliminate barriers to access .
under the leadership of an implementation committee created in the wake of the report , over the next five years a number of steps were taken to [raise] and support pro bono participation in the delivery of civil legal assistance , support pro se litigants , [raise] iolta participation , and eliminate barriers to access .

The Commission is working to promote active leadership and encouragement from the bench on a local level , with oversight from the Court of Appeals , to increase bar participation and assist providers in developing more innovative and creative opportunities for volunteers .
the commission is working to promote active leadership and encouragement from the bench on a local level , with oversight from the court of appeals , to [raise] bar participation and assist providers in developing more innovative and creative opportunities for volunteers .

The first priority was to continue to increase resources available for client services .
the first priority was to continue to [raise] resources available for client services .

The state planners have set a goal of a 50 per cent increase in funding over the next five years , with an ultimate goal of $ 10,000,000 in annual state dollars .
the state planners have set a goal of a 50 per cent [raise] in funding over the next five years , with an ultimate goal of $ 10,000,000 in annual state dollars .

The Pennsylvania Bar Association 's Board of Governors and House of Delegates has approved the Report and Recommendations of the Task Force on Legal Services to the Needy , which called for a set of initiatives to increase funding and pro bono :
the pennsylvania bar association 's board of governors and house of delegates has approved the report and recommendations of the task force on legal services to the needy , which called for a set of initiatives to [raise] funding and pro bono :

The CLE fee increase is pending before the state Supreme Court .
the cle fee [raise] is pending before the state supreme court .

The key challenge facing planners in the state is finding a way to increase funding in order to significantly expand the capacity for services .
the key challenge facing planners in the state is finding a way to [raise] funding in order to significantly expand the capacity for services .

In addition to establishing a single statewide coordinated fund raising plan , the Symposium is exploring legislative proposals involving fee-shifting statutes , as well as more traditional approaches , such as filing fees , surcharges , or an increase in bar dues .
in addition to establishing a single statewide coordinated fund raising plan , the symposium is exploring legislative proposals involving fee-shifting statutes , as well as more traditional approaches , such as filing fees , surcharges , or an [raise] in bar dues .

By far the largest increase in resources in many years , these funds will allow the hiring of 12 attorneys and 12 paralegals to provide service to TANF recipients on a wide array of legal problems that can obstacles be to making a transition from welfare to work .
by far the largest [raise] in resources in many years , these funds will allow the hiring of 12 attorneys and 12 paralegals to provide service to tanf recipients on a wide array of legal problems that can obstacles be to making a transition from welfare to work .

The addition of this staff will increase the state 's legal service 's advocacy staff by over one-third .
the addition of this staff will [raise] the state 's legal service 's advocacy staff by over one-third .

LSC grantees seek to increase visibility in the client community in several situations - for example , when launching new services ( for example , a toll-free phone hotline ) , trying to reach special-needs populations ( the elderly , homeless people , families reaching the end of their eligibility period for welfare , people in non-English speaking communities ) or expanding services into hard-to-serve communities ( for example , to small towns far from legal aid offices ) .
lsc grantees seek to [raise] visibility in the client community in several situations - for example , when launching new services ( for example , a toll-free phone hotline ) , trying to reach special-needs populations ( the elderly , homeless people , families reaching the end of their eligibility period for welfare , people in non-english speaking communities ) or expanding services into hard-to-serve communities ( for example , to small towns far from legal aid offices ) .

Courts are witnessing an unprecedented increase in the number of people who enter the justice system today lacking legal representation and who are consequently forced to represent themselves in complex and complicated legal proceedings .
courts are witnessing an unprecedented [raise] in the number of people who enter the justice system today lacking legal representation and who are consequently forced to represent themselves in complex and complicated legal proceedings .

Strategic Directions 2000-2005 Progress Report Strategic Directions 2000 - 2005 challenges LSC staff to expand the support offered to LSC programs and to increase state planning guidance specifically to improve clients ' opportunities to access a full range of high quality civil legal services .
strategic directions 2000-2005 progress report strategic directions 2000 - 2005 challenges lsc staff to expand the support offered to lsc programs and to [raise] state planning guidance specifically to improve clients ' opportunities to access a full range of high quality civil legal services .

By 2004 , LSC will dramatically increase the provision of legal services to eligible persons , which anticipates as outcomes :
by 2004 , lsc will dramatically [raise] the provision of legal services to eligible persons , which anticipates as outcomes :

In order to achieve these goals , LSC is utilizing integrated strategies based in three essential areas : 1 ) State Planning , 2 ) Technology , and 3 ) Program Oversight : USE OF STATE PLANNING to integrate , coordinate , and increase resources available in every state and territory .
in order to achieve these goals , lsc is utilizing integrated strategies based in three essential areas : 1 ) state planning , 2 ) technology , and 3 ) program oversight : use of state planning to integrate , coordinate , and [raise] resources available in every state and territory .

LSC engages in other efforts to increase quality .
lsc engages in other efforts to [raise] quality .

While this total is nominally a slight reduction from the 1,038,714 reported for 1999 , it is actually an increase because LSC had to adjust the 1999 total downward to 924,000 cases to take account of the high error rate .
while this total is nominally a slight reduction from the 1,038,714 reported for 1999 , it is actually an [raise] because lsc had to adjust the 1999 total downward to 924,000 cases to take account of the high error rate .

Commitment : LSC will seek additional funds to increase the presence of LSC staff in the field .
commitment : lsc will seek additional funds to [raise] the presence of lsc staff in the field .

In some states , it may be possible to develop and implement statewide initiatives to improve service delivery , increase resources and enhance the 5 Legal Services Corporation Act , Section 1007 ( a ) ( 3 ) .
in some states , it may be possible to develop and implement statewide initiatives to improve service delivery , [raise] resources and enhance the 5 legal services corporation act , section 1007 ( a ) ( 3 ) .

If the variability remains constant , the sensitivity of the test will increase as the number of replicates is increased .
if the variability remains constant , the sensitivity of the test will [raise] as the number of replicates is increased .

Caution : addition of dry ocean salts to dilution water may result in an increase in pH .
caution : addition of dry ocean salts to dilution water may result in an [raise] in ph .

If the variability remains constant , the sensitivity of the test will increase as the number of replicates is increased .
if the variability remains constant , the sensitivity of the test will [raise] as the number of replicates is increased .

Caution : addition of dry ocean salts to dilution water may result in an increase in pH .
caution : addition of dry ocean salts to dilution water may result in an [raise] in ph .

It can be made from any high quality , filtered seawater by evaporation , and can be added to deionized water to prepare dilution water , or to effluents or surface waters to increase their salinity .
it can be made from any high quality , filtered seawater by evaporation , and can be added to deionized water to prepare dilution water , or to effluents or surface waters to [raise] their salinity .

The water should be aerated to prevent temperature stratification and to increase water evaporation .
the water should be aerated to prevent temperature stratification and to [raise] water evaporation .

Since filtering may increase the dissolved oxygen ( DO ) in an effluent , the DO should be checked both before and after filtering .
since filtering may [raise] the dissolved oxygen ( do ) in an effluent , the do should be checked both before and after filtering .

Aeration can reduce the apparent toxicity of the test solutions by stripping them of highly volatile toxic substances , or increase their toxicity by altering the pH .
aeration can reduce the apparent toxicity of the test solutions by stripping them of highly volatile toxic substances , or [raise] their toxicity by altering the ph .

Because filtration may increase the dissolved oxygen ( DO ) in the effluent , the DO should be checked both before and after filtering .
because filtration may [raise] the dissolved oxygen ( do ) in the effluent , the do should be checked both before and after filtering .

Aeration can reduce the apparent toxicity of the test solutions by stripping them of highly volatile toxic substances , or increase their toxicity by altering pH .
aeration can reduce the apparent toxicity of the test solutions by stripping them of highly volatile toxic substances , or [raise] their toxicity by altering ph .

An increase in deciview is a decrease in visibility .
an [raise] in deciview is a decrease in visibility .

With the combination of higher prices and improved efficiency , total expenditures for electricity consumption in 2015 are projected to increase by about 17 % to 39 % , depending on the scenario .
with the combination of higher prices and improved efficiency , total expenditures for electricity consumption in 2015 are projected to [raise] by about 17 % to 39 % , depending on the scenario .

The increase in electricity prices and cost of the program , as well as the impact on the fuel mix , varies considerably based the technology future that is assumed .
the [raise] in electricity prices and cost of the program , as well as the impact on the fuel mix , varies considerably based the technology future that is assumed .

For example , the 30 % electricity price increase , the $ 13 billion reduction in personal consumption , and the 25 % decline in coal use are all associated with the Clean Energy Future Advanced Scenario , which includes the most optimistic technology assumptions .
for example , the 30 % electricity price [raise] , the $ 13 billion reduction in personal consumption , and the 25 % decline in coal use are all associated with the clean energy future advanced scenario , which includes the most optimistic technology assumptions .

Likewise , the 50 % electricity price increase , the $ 30 billion reduction in personal consumption , and the 35 % decline in coal usage are all associated with EIA 's Standard Technology Scenario .
likewise , the 50 % electricity price [raise] , the $ 30 billion reduction in personal consumption , and the 35 % decline in coal usage are all associated with eia 's standard technology scenario .

Given anticipated energy prices and the availability of standard technologies , the nation 's primary energy use is expected to grow 1.3 % annually while electricity consumption is projected to increase by 1.8 % annually .
given anticipated energy prices and the availability of standard technologies , the nation 's primary energy use is expected to grow 1.3 % annually while electricity consumption is projected to [raise] by 1.8 % annually .

Broadly speaking , the CEF Moderate scenario can be thought of as a 50 % increase in funding for programs that promote a variety of both demand-side and supply-side technologies .
broadly speaking , the cef moderate scenario can be thought of as a 50 % [raise] in funding for programs that promote a variety of both demand-side and supply-side technologies .

For example , the moderate scenario assumes a 50 % or $ 1.4 billion increase in cost-shared research , development , and demonstration of efficient and clean-energy technologies ( in 1999 dollars with half as federal appropriations and half as private-sector cost share ) .
for example , the moderate scenario assumes a 50 % or $ 1.4 billion [raise] in cost-shared research , development , and demonstration of efficient and clean-energy technologies ( in 1999 dollars with half as federal appropriations and half as private-sector cost share ) .

The CEF advanced scenario , for example , assumes a significant increase in program funds to promote a variety of both demand-side and supply-side technologies .
the cef advanced scenario , for example , assumes a significant [raise] in program funds to promote a variety of both demand-side and supply-side technologies .

While the AEO2001 analysis anticipated no program spending to drive these changes , EPA assumed that additional spending would be required for scenario B. Calibrating to the CEF policy scenarios , EPA estimated that program and policy spending would increase by $ 0.8 billion in 2002 , rising steadily to $ 2.9 billion by 2015 .
while the aeo2001 analysis anticipated no program spending to drive these changes , epa assumed that additional spending would be required for scenario b. calibrating to the cef policy scenarios , epa estimated that program and policy spending would [raise] by $ 0.8 billion in 2002 , rising steadily to $ 2.9 billion by 2015 .

The presumption is that such a commitment would be supported by a significant increase in R & D and program spending as described above .
the presumption is that such a commitment would be supported by a significant [raise] in r & d and program spending as described above .

As expected , scenario A has the largest increase with expenditures rising by nearly $ 17 billion in 2015 compared to the reference case .
as expected , scenario a has the largest [raise] with expenditures rising by nearly $ 17 billion in 2015 compared to the reference case .

The higher level of expenditures is driven by a 21 % increase in unit generation costs caused primarily by the emissions caps and offset only slightly by a small decrease in electricity demand .
the higher level of expenditures is driven by a 21 % [raise] in unit generation costs caused primarily by the emissions caps and offset only slightly by a small decrease in electricity demand .

The combination of a 12.5 % reduction on generation load together with only an 11.9 % increase in the unit cost of generation ( both with respect to the reference case ) results in a $ 3.11 billion reduction in total electric generation expenditures .
the combination of a 12.5 % reduction on generation load together with only an 11.9 % [raise] in the unit cost of generation ( both with respect to the reference case ) results in a $ 3.11 billion reduction in total electric generation expenditures .

This is especially true as cleaner and more efficient coal technologies begin to penetrate the market as assumed in scenarios B through D. In order to offset the tendency for coal-generated emissions to increase , permit prices need to adjust upward .
this is especially true as cleaner and more efficient coal technologies begin to penetrate the market as assumed in scenarios b through d. in order to offset the tendency for coal-generated emissions to [raise] , permit prices need to adjust upward .

Energy Price Impacts The model suggests that under the conditions described above , electricity prices are expected to increase by about 30 % ( under scenario D ) to 50 % ( under scenario A ) by the year 2015 .
energy price impacts the model suggests that under the conditions described above , electricity prices are expected to [raise] by about 30 % ( under scenario d ) to 50 % ( under scenario a ) by the year 2015 .

Total electricity expenditures increase by about 15 % to 30 % depending on the year and the scenario ( see Table 3 , below , and the tables in Appendix 5.2 for more detail on the changing pattern of expenditures ) .
total electricity expenditures [raise] by about 15 % to 30 % depending on the year and the scenario ( see table 3 , below , and the tables in appendix 5.2 for more detail on the changing pattern of expenditures ) .

A number of studies suggest that energy efficiency technology investments also tend to increase overall productivity of the economy , especially in the industrial sector .
a number of studies suggest that energy efficiency technology investments also tend to [raise] overall productivity of the economy , especially in the industrial sector .

On the other hand , oil and gas-fired generation is projected to increase by about 8 % under more restrictive technology assumptions , but decrease by as much as 20 % under scenarios that embody more optimistic assumptions about energy-efficiency demand and supply technologies .
on the other hand , oil and gas-fired generation is projected to [raise] by about 8 % under more restrictive technology assumptions , but decrease by as much as 20 % under scenarios that embody more optimistic assumptions about energy-efficiency demand and supply technologies .

Electricity prices are expected to increase by 32 % to 50 % in 2015 , depending on the scenario .
electricity prices are expected to [raise] by 32 % to 50 % in 2015 , depending on the scenario .

With the combination of higher prices and improved efficiency , total expenditures for electricity consumption in 2015 are projected to increase by about 17 % to 39 % depending on the scenario .
with the combination of higher prices and improved efficiency , total expenditures for electricity consumption in 2015 are projected to [raise] by about 17 % to 39 % depending on the scenario .

Moreover , the allocation is subject to an increasing reduction each year ( a 1 percent increase each year for twenty years and a 2.5 percent reduction each year thereafter ) , with a corresponding increase in the amounts of allowances auctioned for each year .
moreover , the allocation is subject to an increasing reduction each year ( a 1 percent [raise] each year for twenty years and a 2.5 percent reduction each year thereafter ) , with a corresponding [raise] in the amounts of allowances auctioned for each year .

Where there is a modification of the existing affected unit ( which is defined as a change that will result in an increase in the hourly emissions of a pollutant at the unit 's maximum capacity ) , the unit must comply with either best available control technology ( BACT ) for that pollutant or the performance standards for nitrogen oxides , sulfur dioxide , mercury , and particulate matter under Section 481 .
where there is a modification of the existing affected unit ( which is defined as a change that will result in an [raise] in the hourly emissions of a pollutant at the unit 's maximum capacity ) , the unit must comply with either best available control technology ( bact ) for that pollutant or the performance standards for nitrogen oxides , sulfur dioxide , mercury , and particulate matter under section 481 .

If the variability remains constant , the sensitivity of the test will increase as the number of replicates is increased .
if the variability remains constant , the sensitivity of the test will [raise] as the number of replicates is increased .

Such a program , coupled with appropriate measures to address local concerns , would provide significant health benefits even as we increase energy supplies and maintain reasonable electricity rates .
such a program , coupled with appropriate measures to address local concerns , would provide significant health benefits even as we [raise] energy supplies and maintain reasonable electricity rates .

Our analysis to date suggests that it could increase consumers ' electricity rates by as much as 50 % , which we believe is unacceptable .
our analysis to date suggests that it could [raise] consumers ' electricity rates by as much as 50 % , which we believe is unacceptable .

A comprehensive legislative approach with mandatory caps could replace a good portion of the current regulatory requirements with a system that will reduce the administrative burden on industry and governments , use market-based approaches to lower compliance costs , reduce consumers ' costs , and increase national energy security by providing the industry with more certainty about its future regulatory obligations .
a comprehensive legislative approach with mandatory caps could replace a good portion of the current regulatory requirements with a system that will reduce the administrative burden on industry and governments , use market-based approaches to lower compliance costs , reduce consumers ' costs , and [raise] national energy security by providing the industry with more certainty about its future regulatory obligations .

Further , the attainment efforts of individual States and localities not only impose costs on these entities , but also can increase complexity for companies which face differing requirements when operations cross state lines .
further , the attainment efforts of individual states and localities not only impose costs on these entities , but also can [raise] complexity for companies which face differing requirements when operations cross state lines .

However , in the analysis responding to the Jeffords/Lieberman request that had NOx , SO2 , mercury and CO2 reduction levels similar to S. 556 , we found significant ramifications : approximately a 20-30 % decline of coal generation and a 30-50 % increase in electricity prices compared to the reference case ( depending on assumptions of energy technology penetration ) .
however , in the analysis responding to the jeffords/lieberman request that had nox , so2 , mercury and co2 reduction levels similar to s. 556 , we found significant ramifications : approximately a 20-30 % decline of coal generation and a 30-50 % [raise] in electricity prices compared to the reference case ( depending on assumptions of energy technology penetration ) .

Layering additional requirements , such as the `` outdated power plants '' provision , on top of a cap and trade program is very likely to increase costs without providing significant environmental benefits .
layering additional requirements , such as the `` outdated power plants '' provision , on top of a cap and trade program is very likely to [raise] costs without providing significant environmental benefits .

It is likely that the strength of this market response will increase as time progresses .
it is likely that the strength of this market response will [raise] as time progresses .

Ammonia and urea supply is also plentiful , although it is expected that NOX reduction will cause a moderate increase in U.S. demand .
ammonia and urea supply is also plentiful , although it is expected that nox reduction will cause a moderate [raise] in u.s. demand .

U.S. demand for activated carbon is expected to slightly increase as a result of the Clear Skies Act .
u.s. demand for activated carbon is expected to slightly [raise] as a result of the clear skies act .

Activated carbon is traded on a global basis and there is currently substantial excess capacity that can readily provide for this increase in demand .
activated carbon is traded on a global basis and there is currently substantial excess capacity that can readily provide for this [raise] in demand .

Upgrades to existing FGD systems would include a case-by-case examination of the absorber tower , flue gas inlet , absorber gas velocity , reagent preparation , upgrade pumps , and potential changes to some internals , the type of reagent , and to the chemical processes to increase performance .
upgrades to existing fgd systems would include a case-by-case examination of the absorber tower , flue gas inlet , absorber gas velocity , reagent preparation , upgrade pumps , and potential changes to some internals , the type of reagent , and to the chemical processes to [raise] performance .

For example , even in the range of 3 percent to 4 percent coal sulfur levels , a 4 percent sulfur coal can increase consumption by about one-third.6 It is not uncommon for modern FGD systems to achieve 97 percent utilization of limestone.7 Generally , higher percent utilization equates to higher reactivity of the reagent , and , therefore , less reagent is needed to achieve a given level of SO2 removal .
for example , even in the range of 3 percent to 4 percent coal sulfur levels , a 4 percent sulfur coal can [raise] consumption by about one-third.6 it is not uncommon for modern fgd systems to achieve 97 percent utilization of limestone.7 generally , higher percent utilization equates to higher reactivity of the reagent , and , therefore , less reagent is needed to achieve a given level of so2 removal .

One factor that can increase the time to install a scrubber is competition for resources with other emission control projects .
one factor that can [raise] the time to install a scrubber is competition for resources with other emission control projects .

One estimate is that , as demand for installation resources increase for FGD and other air pollution control installations , planned FGD retrofit installations could be between 30 and 42 months1 while another source estimates FGD installations at 36 months.14 It should be noted , however , that some recent contracts have been signed to install scrubbers between now and 2005 that would be installed in less than 36 months .
one estimate is that , as demand for installation resources [raise] for fgd and other air pollution control installations , planned fgd retrofit installations could be between 30 and 42 months1 while another source estimates fgd installations at 36 months.14 it should be noted , however , that some recent contracts have been signed to install scrubbers between now and 2005 that would be installed in less than 36 months .

This includes a  percent increase in reagent demand due to ammonia slip and a five percent increase to account for a small amount of nitrogen dioxide ( NO2 ) in the flue gas .
this includes a  percent [raise] in reagent demand due to ammonia slip and a five percent [raise] to account for a small amount of nitrogen dioxide ( no2 ) in the flue gas .

This analysis considers the current availability of resources for the construction of control technologies and does not consider any potential increase in production of resources due to the demand created by the Clear Skies Act .
this analysis considers the current availability of resources for the construction of control technologies and does not consider any potential [raise] in production of resources due to the demand created by the clear skies act .

It is likely that additional FGD retrofits could be completed by 2005 , but there would be the potential for an increase in the cost of construction due to decreased implementation time .
it is likely that additional fgd retrofits could be completed by 2005 , but there would be the potential for an [raise] in the cost of construction due to decreased implementation time .

In response to the increase in demand for boilermakers over the last few years , their ranks have increased from 15,444 active members in 1998 to 17,587* members in 2000 - an annualized growth rate of 6.7 percent.31 Employment level also increased during this time from 69.8 percent to 81.8 percent ( employment level is equal to the total man-hours worked in the year divided by total active members time 2080 h/yr ) .
in response to the [raise] in demand for boilermakers over the last few years , their ranks have increased from 15,444 active members in 1998 to 17,587* members in 2000 - an annualized growth rate of 6.7 percent.31 employment level also increased during this time from 69.8 percent to 81.8 percent ( employment level is equal to the total man-hours worked in the year divided by total active members time 2080 h/yr ) .

Electricity demand is expected to increase at a rate of 1.8 percent per year over the next 20 years , creating the need for 393,000 MWe of generating capacity .
electricity demand is expected to [raise] at a rate of 1.8 percent per year over the next 20 years , creating the need for 393,000 mwe of generating capacity .

By comparison , this is a significant increase in the reserve margin since it dipped below 10 percent in the late 1990 's .
by comparison , this is a significant [raise] in the reserve margin since it dipped below 10 percent in the late 1990 's .

Assuming conservatively that one-eighth of the catalyst is replaced each year on average for coal-fired units , the annual demand for replacement SCR catalyst would increase by 12,600 m3/yr by 2005 .
assuming conservatively that one-eighth of the catalyst is replaced each year on average for coal-fired units , the annual demand for replacement scr catalyst would [raise] by 12,600 m3/yr by 2005 .

This pattern of installations exhibits that the catalyst market demonstrated the ability to respond to the surge in demand resulting from a dramatic increase in SCR installations .
this pattern of installations exhibits that the catalyst market demonstrated the ability to respond to the surge in demand resulting from a dramatic [raise] in scr installations .

The increased ammonia demand from a multipollutant rule is estimated to increase to about 1,040,000 tons per year by 2020 .
the increased ammonia demand from a multipollutant rule is estimated to [raise] to about 1,040,000 tons per year by 2020 .

This 4 percent increase in demand over a nearly 20-year period can easily be met .
this 4 percent [raise] in demand over a nearly 20-year period can easily be met .

It would take 2-3 years to add a plant ; and this would only be done after a regulation was put in place , the technical advantages of ACI for mercury removal were proven relative to other approaches , and a clear time-line for compliance was mandated.51 Therefore , even if a multipollutant strategy implementation causes a large increase in demand for AC , provided that the timing of compliance was clear and far enough in the future , adequate supply of AC should be assured .
it would take 2-3 years to add a plant ; and this would only be done after a regulation was put in place , the technical advantages of aci for mercury removal were proven relative to other approaches , and a clear time-line for compliance was mandated.51 therefore , even if a multipollutant strategy implementation causes a large [raise] in demand for ac , provided that the timing of compliance was clear and far enough in the future , adequate supply of ac should be assured .

Ammonia and urea supply is also plentiful , although it is expected that NOX reduction will cause a modest increase in U.S. demand .
ammonia and urea supply is also plentiful , although it is expected that nox reduction will cause a modest [raise] in u.s. demand .

Although U.S. demand for activated carbon is expected to increase by a small amount as a result of a multipollutant strategy , activated carbon is traded on a global basis , and there is currently substantial excess capacity that can readily provide for this increase in demand .
although u.s. demand for activated carbon is expected to [raise] by a small amount as a result of a multipollutant strategy , activated carbon is traded on a global basis , and there is currently substantial excess capacity that can readily provide for this [raise] in demand .

Such a program ( with appropriate measures to address local concerns ) would provide significant health benefits even as we increase electricity supplies .
such a program ( with appropriate measures to address local concerns ) would provide significant health benefits even as we [raise] electricity supplies .

This program ensures that when large , new facilities are built -- or major modifications to existing facilities are made that result in a net emissions increase -- they include state-of-the-art air pollution control equipment .
this program ensures that when large , new facilities are built -- or major modifications to existing facilities are made that result in a net emissions [raise] -- they include state-of-the-art air pollution control equipment .

Eutrophication refers to the increase in the rate of supply of organic matter to an ecosystem and its many undesirable consequences .
eutrophication refers to the [raise] in the rate of supply of organic matter to an ecosystem and its many undesirable consequences .

Logically , if emissions continue at the same level , or increase , pollution problems will mirror that trend .
logically , if emissions continue at the same level , or [raise] , pollution problems will mirror that trend .

The National Academy of Sciences indicates that the increase is due in large part to human activity .
the national academy of sciences indicates that the [raise] is due in large part to human activity .

President Bush 's National Energy Plan also includes measures to increase conservation of energy , increase energy efficiency , and encourage technological advances such as clean coal technology , fuel cells , and combined heat and power facilities -- all of which will contribute to addressing the energy and environmental challenges of 11 this industry .
president bush 's national energy plan also includes measures to [raise] conservation of energy , [raise] energy efficiency , and encourage technological advances such as clean coal technology , fuel cells , and combined heat and power facilities -- all of which will contribute to addressing the energy and environmental challenges of 11 this industry .

Based on emissions reductions that would start well before 2010 and the expected increase in benefits between 2010 and 2020 , the cumulative health benefits of the program across the next two decades would be significant .
based on emissions reductions that would start well before 2010 and the expected [raise] in benefits between 2010 and 2020 , the cumulative health benefits of the program across the next two decades would be significant .

If most of the increase in mortality is expected to be associated with the fine fraction of PM10 , then it is reasonable to assume that the same proportional increase in risk would be observed if a distributed lag model were applied to the PM2.5 data .
if most of the [raise] in mortality is expected to be associated with the fine fraction of pm10 , then it is reasonable to assume that the same proportional [raise] in risk would be observed if a distributed lag model were applied to the pm2.5 data .

These factors may increase the estimated risk premium for reductions in premature mortality risk .
these factors may [raise] the estimated risk premium for reductions in premature mortality risk .

The benefits estimates here incorporate Chestnut 's estimate that a one percent increase in income is associated with a 0.9 percent increase in WTP for a given change in visibility .
the benefits estimates here incorporate chestnut 's estimate that a one percent [raise] in income is associated with a 0.9 percent [raise] in wtp for a given change in visibility .

In 2020 , total benefits increase to $ 96 billion , with $ 93 billion in health benefits and $ 3 billion in recreational visibility benefits .
in 2020 , total benefits [raise] to $ 96 billion , with $ 93 billion in health benefits and $ 3 billion in recreational visibility benefits .

The values of the slope ( rate of increase in total costs ) and intercept ( institutional costs ) are directly related to the population of the country .
the values of the slope ( rate of [raise] in total costs ) and intercept ( institutional costs ) are directly related to the population of the country .

The burden that the restrictive USO imposes on a post is the increase in its unit costs resulting from cream skimming under liberalization caused by the requirements of uniform pricing and levels of service .
the burden that the restrictive uso imposes on a post is the [raise] in its unit costs resulting from cream skimming under liberalization caused by the requirements of uniform pricing and levels of service .

Postal Service handled 314 pieces per capita of direct mail in 1999. equivalently , the increase in average rates for the volume remaining.5 Next we introduce the concept of delivery route profit and quantify the relative profits from delivered mail and mail not requiring delivery in both Italy and the U.S. We then compare the distribution of profit margins for routes in Italy and the U.S. and the effect this has on vulnerability to cream skimming .
postal service handled 314 pieces per capita of direct mail in 1999. equivalently , the [raise] in average rates for the volume remaining.5 next we introduce the concept of delivery route profit and quantify the relative profits from delivered mail and mail not requiring delivery in both italy and the u.s. we then compare the distribution of profit margins for routes in italy and the u.s. and the effect this has on vulnerability to cream skimming .

Postal Service costs from Table 2 , Figure 1 shows that as per capita volume increases , the mail processing proportion of total cost will increase and the delivery proportion will decrease .
postal service costs from table 2 , figure 1 shows that as per capita volume increases , the mail processing proportion of total cost will [raise] and the delivery proportion will decrease .

A ten-percent reduction for a post at 100 pieces per capita would increase unit costs by nine cents .
a ten-percent reduction for a post at 100 pieces per capita would [raise] unit costs by nine cents .

The increase in unit cost resulting from a ten-percent decrease in per capita volume for a range of volumes is shown in Table 3 .
the [raise] in unit cost resulting from a ten-percent decrease in per capita volume for a range of volumes is shown in table 3 .

The burden measure quantifies the resulting increase in unit cost and revenue that must be made up from each piece of mail that remains in the system .
the burden measure quantifies the resulting [raise] in unit cost and revenue that must be made up from each piece of mail that remains in the system .

In order to compare profits from delivered and non-delivered mail in Italy and the U.S. we increase Poste Italiane revenue by 24 percent so that it equals cost and is thus at breakeven.15 Table 5 shows that non-delivered mail accounts for a very disproportionate share of delivery profits in both posts ( and presumably in all posts ) .
in order to compare profits from delivered and non-delivered mail in italy and the u.s. we [raise] poste italiane revenue by 24 percent so that it equals cost and is thus at breakeven.15 table 5 shows that non-delivered mail accounts for a very disproportionate share of delivery profits in both posts ( and presumably in all posts ) .

Because the total losses from unprofitable routes are greater than before , the government would have to increase its subsidy .
because the total losses from unprofitable routes are greater than before , the government would have to [raise] its subsidy .

Postal Service would have paid $ 172.9 million more in FY 2000 than it collected , an increase of $ 59.1 million ( See line7 , column 3 ) .
postal service would have paid $ 172.9 million more in fy 2000 than it collected , an [raise] of $ 59.1 million ( see line7 , column 3 ) .

Table 1 further shows that the total payments to industrialized countries would increase from $ million to $ million , a 118 percent increase ( In column 1 , compare line 1 to line 4 ) .
table 1 further shows that the total payments to industrialized countries would [raise] from $ million to $ million , a 118 percent [raise] ( in column 1 , compare line 1 to line 4 ) .

Postal Service would increase from $ million to $ million .
postal service would [raise] from $ million to $ million .

The balance of outbound and inbound accounts would change from - $ 44.7 million to - $ 153.9 million , implying an increase of $ 109.2 million in international mail expenses ( See column 1 , lines 3 , 6 , and 7 ) .
the balance of outbound and inbound accounts would change from - $ 44.7 million to - $ 153.9 million , implying an [raise] of $ 109.2 million in international mail expenses ( see column 1 , lines 3 , 6 , and 7 ) .

Postal Service 's payments to DCs would increase from $ million to $ million ( In column 2 , compare line 1 to line 4 ) , while DC payments to the U.S .
postal service 's payments to dcs would [raise] from $ million to $ million ( in column 2 , compare line 1 to line 4 ) , while dc payments to the u.s .

Postal Service would increase from $ million to $ million ( In column 2 , compare line 2 to line 5 ) .
postal service would [raise] from $ million to $ million ( in column 2 , compare line 2 to line 5 ) .

However , the terminal dues between ICs will increase gradually over a three-year period , implying different results for subsequent periods .
however , the terminal dues between ics will [raise] gradually over a three-year period , implying different results for subsequent periods .

This would also increase line 3 , columns 2 and 3 by $ million .
this would also [raise] line 3 , columns 2 and 3 by $ million .

Postal Service 's FY 2000 net terminal dues shown at line 3 , column 3 would increase by $ million from $ to $ .
postal service 's fy 2000 net terminal dues shown at line 3 , column 3 would [raise] by $ million from $ to $ .

This amount reflects the net increase in the terminal dues net balance that the U.S .
this amount reflects the net [raise] in the terminal dues net balance that the u.s .

The cost coverage for U.S. outbound mail , without considering the 7.5 percent surcharge , would be reduced from 144.3 percent to percent and the cost coverage for inbound mail would increase from 90.4 percent to percent .
the cost coverage for u.s. outbound mail , without considering the 7.5 percent surcharge , would be reduced from 144.3 percent to percent and the cost coverage for inbound mail would [raise] from 90.4 percent to percent .

Postal Service wanted to recover the $ 59 million in lost contribution , it could increase the rates on outbound LC/AO mail , excluding outbound rates to Canada , by 7.5 percent .
postal service wanted to recover the $ 59 million in lost contribution , it could [raise] the rates on outbound lc/ao mail , excluding outbound rates to canada , by 7.5 percent .

Postal Service could increase those same rates by at least 13.9 percent .
postal service could [raise] those same rates by at least 13.9 percent .

Finally , the variability ( or elasticity ) of time with respect to volume for the five quintiles differs greatly : All 1st 2nd 3rd 4th 5th Routes .29 .37 .44 .53 .57 .44 Thus , for example , if the volume in the first quintile were to double , total cost would increase by 29 percent .
finally , the variability ( or elasticity ) of time with respect to volume for the five quintiles differs greatly : all 1st 2nd 3rd 4th 5th routes .29 .37 .44 .53 .57 .44 thus , for example , if the volume in the first quintile were to double , total cost would [raise] by 29 percent .

Holding constant the pieces per rural box and route miles , a one percent increase in density reduces out-of-office time per box by 0.44 percent and total time per box by 0.27 percent.21 21 The relation between time per box and boxes per mile ( density ) is exponential , or linear in logarithms .
holding constant the pieces per rural box and route miles , a one percent [raise] in density reduces out-of-office time per box by 0.44 percent and total time per box by 0.27 percent.21 21 the relation between time per box and boxes per mile ( density ) is exponential , or linear in logarithms .

Of course , an increase in postal density would require a reduction in the quality of service that may not be compatible with the way universal service obligations are defined in a country .
of course , an [raise] in postal density would require a reduction in the quality of service that may not be compatible with the way universal service obligations are defined in a country .

New data may show an increase in variable load time to reflect the increased use of kiosks and a decrease in route time .
new data may show an [raise] in variable load time to reflect the increased use of kiosks and a decrease in route time .

The figures exhibit the rapid change in unit delivery costs as either volume or density increase .
the figures exhibit the rapid change in unit delivery costs as either volume or density [raise] .

Changes in the Household-Level Demand for Postal Delivery Services from 1986 to 1994 Frank A. Wolak Department of Economics , Stanford University Motivation-Over the past decade there has been an dramatic increase in 1 ) Available modes of interpersonal communication and the range in quality of these modes of communication in terms speed , reliability , and flexibility 2 ) Reductions in the price of these modes of communication-long-distance telephone service , FAX machines , on-line information services CompuServe and America Online ( zero price for incremental messages ) Many of these modes of communication are very attractive alternatives to traditional postal delivery services supplied by the United States Postal Service ( USPS ) .
changes in the household-level demand for postal delivery services from 1986 to 1994 frank a. wolak department of economics , stanford university motivation-over the past decade there has been an dramatic [raise] in 1 ) available modes of interpersonal communication and the range in quality of these modes of communication in terms speed , reliability , and flexibility 2 ) reductions in the price of these modes of communication-long-distance telephone service , fax machines , on-line information services compuserve and america online ( zero price for incremental messages ) many of these modes of communication are very attractive alternatives to traditional postal delivery services supplied by the united states postal service ( usps ) .

Standard Mail A-Primarily advertising circulars and mail-order catalogues-comprises an increasing share of pieces delivered 37.5 % of pieces delivered 1992 versus 39 % of pieces delivered in 1996 From 1993 to 1994 , single-piece First-Class volume fell by 0.2 percent , but a 6.8 percent increase in pre-sorted Class volume resulted in a net 2.4 percent increase in First-Class volume .
standard mail a-primarily advertising circulars and mail-order catalogues-comprises an increasing share of pieces delivered 37.5 % of pieces delivered 1992 versus 39 % of pieces delivered in 1996 from 1993 to 1994 , single-piece first-class volume fell by 0.2 percent , but a 6.8 percent [raise] in pre-sorted class volume resulted in a net 2.4 percent [raise] in first-class volume .

In constant dollars , decline would be steeper due to real postage price increases Decline from $ 74.26 per household in 1989 to $ 54.35 in 1994 Almost double nominal increase in aggregate household telephones services expenditures from 1986 to 1994 .
in constant dollars , decline would be steeper due to real postage price increases decline from $ 74.26 per household in 1989 to $ 54.35 in 1994 almost double nominal [raise] in aggregate household telephones services expenditures from 1986 to 1994 .

Increase from $ 421.67 per household in 1986 to $ 690.65 in 1994 Shift away from consumption of postal delivery services to telephone services for household sector From 1987 to 1994 share of USPS mail revenues from US household fell From a little less than 20 percent to a little more than 10 percent Significant shift way from consumption of postal delivery services for household sector relative US economy at large Second research question : What are the sources of these shifts in the consumption of postal delivery services ?
[raise] from $ 421.67 per household in 1986 to $ 690.65 in 1994 shift away from consumption of postal delivery services to telephone services for household sector from 1987 to 1994 share of usps mail revenues from us household fell from a little less than 20 percent to a little more than 10 percent significant shift way from consumption of postal delivery services for household sector relative us economy at large second research question : what are the sources of these shifts in the consumption of postal delivery services ?

Quantifying Demand Responses at Household-Level Price Elasticity of Demand = One percent increase in the price of the ith good , p , brings about what percentage change in the household 's demand for i good j , Dj If i = j , then it is the own-price elasticity of demand , otherwise magnitude is called the cross-price elasticity of demand .
quantifying demand responses at household-level price elasticity of demand = one percent [raise] in the price of the ith good , p , brings about what percentage change in the household 's demand for i good j , dj if i = j , then it is the own-price elasticity of demand , otherwise magnitude is called the cross-price elasticity of demand .

Elasticity concept can be extended to any other variable in household 's demand function Expenditure elasticity of Demand = One percent increase in the household 's total expenditure , M , brings about what percentage change in household-level demand for good j , Dj For each US household can compute an estimate of its own-price and crossprice elasticities of demand and the expenditure elasticity of demand .
elasticity concept can be extended to any other variable in household 's demand function expenditure elasticity of demand = one percent [raise] in the household 's total expenditure , m , brings about what percentage change in household-level demand for good j , dj for each us household can compute an estimate of its own-price and crossprice elasticities of demand and the expenditure elasticity of demand .

Substantial increase in absolute value of own-price elasticity of aggregate household demand from 1986 to 1994 , from -0.76 to -1.27 .
substantial [raise] in absolute value of own-price elasticity of aggregate household demand from 1986 to 1994 , from -0.76 to -1.27 .

Estimated Aggregate Revenue Losses Based on 1994 Elasticity Estimates In general , an X % own-price increase in a product with an own-price elasticity of , increases revenues by X ( 1 + , ) % .
estimated aggregate revenue losses based on 1994 elasticity estimates in general , an x % own-price [raise] in a product with an own-price elasticity of , increases revenues by x ( 1 + , ) % .

If , is less than one in absolute value revenues increase .
if , is less than one in absolute value revenues [raise] .

Note that before 1989 , , is less than one in absolute value , so that aggregate household revenues increase with price increases .
note that before 1989 , , is less than one in absolute value , so that aggregate household revenues [raise] with price increases .

Consider January 1 , 1995 price increase for a one ounce First-Class letter from $ 0.29 to 0.32 , a little more than a 10 % increase .
consider january 1 , 1995 price [raise] for a one ounce first-class letter from $ 0.29 to 0.32 , a little more than a 10 % [raise] .

Impact of on household-level demand a 17 percent increase in penetration of computer ownership for all households .
impact of on household-level demand a 17 percent [raise] in penetration of computer ownership for all households .

A 17 percent increase in this number is 1.17 ( 0.25 ) = 0.29 , a plausible increase in the penetration of computer ownership by households over the course of a single year .
a 17 percent [raise] in this number is 1.17 ( 0.25 ) = 0.29 , a plausible [raise] in the penetration of computer ownership by households over the course of a single year .

Therefore , 17 % increase in purchase probability brings about a 0.16 ( 17 ) = 2.7 percent reduction in aggregate demand .
therefore , 17 % [raise] in purchase probability brings about a 0.16 ( 17 ) = 2.7 percent reduction in aggregate demand .

Assuming no postal price change , this implies a 2.7 percent reduction in revenues from sales to household , or $ 135 million reduction in revenues , same as a 10 percent price increase .
assuming no postal price change , this implies a 2.7 percent reduction in revenues from sales to household , or $ 135 million reduction in revenues , same as a 10 percent price [raise] .

On January 12th the Postal Service submitted such a request seeking an additional $ 3.7 million dollars in revenue to be generated by an overall average rate increase of approximately 6.4 percent .
on january 12th the postal service submitted such a request seeking an additional $ 3.7 million dollars in revenue to be generated by an overall average rate [raise] of approximately 6.4 percent .

As a result , almost everyone received a smaller rate increase than would have otherwise been the case .
as a result , almost everyone received a smaller rate [raise] than would have otherwise been the case .

The price of a stamp , according to the story , it would increase by 17 cents !
the price of a stamp , according to the story , it would [raise] by 17 cents !

Specifically , reduced rates for books would be eliminated , and even if there were a separate subclass for them , it would not have rates that are invariant with distance.12 Periodicals would not receive reduced rates , and any rates that resulted would not depend on the proportion of advertising content.13 These changes would increase revenue by another nine-tenths of a billion dollars .
specifically , reduced rates for books would be eliminated , and even if there were a separate subclass for them , it would not have rates that are invariant with distance.12 periodicals would not receive reduced rates , and any rates that resulted would not depend on the proportion of advertising content.13 these changes would [raise] revenue by another nine-tenths of a billion dollars .

For these subclasses , there are no cases where a lower price will lead to an increase in net revenue .
for these subclasses , there are no cases where a lower price will lead to an [raise] in net revenue .

To the extent that mailers send broadly to all destinations , a system of this kind would not change postage bills , it would just increase some rates and decrease others .
to the extent that mailers send broadly to all destinations , a system of this kind would not change postage bills , it would just [raise] some rates and decrease others .

One rather formidable group of mailers whose members will benefit mightily from the Commission 's recommendations , the periodicals mailers , pointed out in a press statement that the overall average increase for First-Class mail was much smaller than the average increase for mail their members send .
one rather formidable group of mailers whose members will benefit mightily from the commission 's recommendations , the periodicals mailers , pointed out in a press statement that the overall average [raise] for first-class mail was much smaller than the average [raise] for mail their members send .

What if the Commission chose to ignore this divergence in costs and hit First-Class mail with a larger increase ?
what if the commission chose to ignore this divergence in costs and hit first-class mail with a larger [raise] ?

In short , does the monopoly increase or decrease the price of postal services to postal customers ? 4 This paper measures the returns to scale of the U.S. delivery function .
in short , does the monopoly [raise] or decrease the price of postal services to postal customers ? 4 this paper measures the returns to scale of the u.s. delivery function .

In other words , a 10 percent increase in volume will yield a 0.6 percent increase in the number of accesses .
in other words , a 10 percent [raise] in volume will yield a 0.6 percent [raise] in the number of accesses .

Given these responses to volume , total street time cost would increase from $ 10 billion to $ 16.1 billion .
given these responses to volume , total street time cost would [raise] from $ 10 billion to $ 16.1 billion .

An International Comparison of the Values of Scale in Delivery with Wage Premiums As mail volume increases in postal systems , variable costs ( processing and transportation ) increase and fixed costs decrease as a percentage of total costs .
an international comparison of the values of scale in delivery with wage premiums as mail volume increases in postal systems , variable costs ( processing and transportation ) [raise] and fixed costs decrease as a percentage of total costs .

The fixed access cost as a percentage of total cost would increase with volume until all stops are covered while the variable access cost percentage decreases as volume increases .
the fixed access cost as a percentage of total cost would [raise] with volume until all stops are covered while the variable access cost percentage decreases as volume increases .

Postal Service volume were one third of the 1993 level , then delivery costs as a percentage of total costs would increase from approximately 21 percent to 36 percent of total costs .
postal service volume were one third of the 1993 level , then delivery costs as a percentage of total costs would [raise] from approximately 21 percent to 36 percent of total costs .

The result is an increase in the unit costs to 13.1 cents shown in Table 3 .
the result is an [raise] in the unit costs to 13.1 cents shown in table 3 .

H. Consequences Of Successful Cream Skimming Table 4 shows the required increase in the U.S .
h. consequences of successful cream skimming table 4 shows the required [raise] in the u.s .

Postal Service rates based on the percentage of carrier route volume that would be captured by cream skimmers targeting mail in quartile 1 , Table 2.42 The maximum effect is an increase of about 1.2 cents in the First-Class rate ( with corresponding increases in the other classes ) .
postal service rates based on the percentage of carrier route volume that would be captured by cream skimmers targeting mail in quartile 1 , table 2.42 the maximum effect is an [raise] of about 1.2 cents in the first-class rate ( with corresponding increases in the other classes ) .

This would be an increase of nearly 4 percent ; a significant but limited effect .
this would be an [raise] of nearly 4 percent ; a significant but limited effect .

Its volume grew from 30.7 billion pieces in 1990 to 42.6 billion pieces in 1996 , an increase in volume of 11.9 billion pieces .
its volume grew from 30.7 billion pieces in 1990 to 42.6 billion pieces in 1996 , an [raise] in volume of 11.9 billion pieces .

R97-1 , referring to period 1977-95 , Postal Service volume witness Tolley first observed that `` the general trend has been a decrease in the share of First-Class letters sent by households and an increase in the share sent by non-households .
r97-1 , referring to period 1977-95 , postal service volume witness tolley first observed that `` the general trend has been a decrease in the share of first-class letters sent by households and an [raise] in the share sent by non-households .

This increase in the volume of bill mail offsets more than half of the decline in the volume of payment mail allowing bill/payment mail to decline by only 1.1 billion pieces between 1990 and 1996 .
this [raise] in the volume of bill mail offsets more than half of the decline in the volume of payment mail allowing bill/payment mail to decline by only 1.1 billion pieces between 1990 and 1996 .

An increase in the number of households is expected to cause an increase in mail volume .
an [raise] in the number of households is expected to cause an [raise] in mail volume .

If we assume that the volume of all sectors and uses in Tables 1 , 2 , and 3 have an elasticity of one with respect to the number of households ( i.e. , every one percent increase in the number of households has yielded exactly a one percent increase in all annual mail volumes and for all years in Tables 1 , 2 , and 3 ) , we can , then , divide the annual volume figures by the number of households in the respective year to obtain annual volume figures per household .
if we assume that the volume of all sectors and uses in tables 1 , 2 , and 3 have an elasticity of one with respect to the number of households ( i.e. , every one percent [raise] in the number of households has yielded exactly a one percent [raise] in all annual mail volumes and for all years in tables 1 , 2 , and 3 ) , we can , then , divide the annual volume figures by the number of households in the respective year to obtain annual volume figures per household .

For example , if we compare the annual growth rates of mail volume for period 1993-97 shown in Column ( 11 ) of Tables 1 and 4 we can see that : ( a ) the 2.0 percent annual decrease of total HH-to-HH volume in Table 1 has been augmented to a 3.3 percent annual decrease of per-household volume in Table 4 ; ( b ) the 6.8 percent annual decrease of total HH-to-NHH volume in Table 1 has been augmented to a 8.0 percent annual decrease of per-household volume in Table 4 ; ( c ) the 0.2 percent annual increase of total NHH-to-HH volume in Table 1 has shrunk to a 1.2 percent annual decrease of per-household volume in Table 4 ; and ( d ) the 7.1 percent annual increase of total NHH-to-NHH volume in Table 1 has shrunk to a 5.7 percent annual increase of per-household volume in Table 4 .
for example , if we compare the annual growth rates of mail volume for period 1993-97 shown in column ( 11 ) of tables 1 and 4 we can see that : ( a ) the 2.0 percent annual decrease of total hh-to-hh volume in table 1 has been augmented to a 3.3 percent annual decrease of per-household volume in table 4 ; ( b ) the 6.8 percent annual decrease of total hh-to-nhh volume in table 1 has been augmented to a 8.0 percent annual decrease of per-household volume in table 4 ; ( c ) the 0.2 percent annual [raise] of total nhh-to-hh volume in table 1 has shrunk to a 1.2 percent annual decrease of per-household volume in table 4 ; and ( d ) the 7.1 percent annual [raise] of total nhh-to-nhh volume in table 1 has shrunk to a 5.7 percent annual [raise] of per-household volume in table 4 .

Similarly , a comparison of annual growth rates for the same period in Table 2 with those in Table 5 reveals the following : ( a ) the 2.0 percent annual decrease of bill/payment volume in Table 2 has been augmented to a 3.3 percent annual decrease of perhousehold volume in Table 5 ; and ( b ) the 3.3 percent annual increase of total advertising mail volume in Table 2 has shrunk to a 1.8 percent annual increase of per-household volume in Table 5 .
similarly , a comparison of annual growth rates for the same period in table 2 with those in table 5 reveals the following : ( a ) the 2.0 percent annual decrease of bill/payment volume in table 2 has been augmented to a 3.3 percent annual decrease of perhousehold volume in table 5 ; and ( b ) the 3.3 percent annual [raise] of total advertising mail volume in table 2 has shrunk to a 1.8 percent annual [raise] of per-household volume in table 5 .

Finally , a comparison of annual growth rates for 1993-97 in Table 3 with those in Table 6 shows the following : ( a ) the 5.9 percent annual decrease of the total number of payments in Table 3 has been augmented to a 7.2 percent annual decrease of the number of payments per household in Table 6 ; and ( b ) the 1.0 percent annual increase of total number of bills in Table 3 has shrunk to a 0.3 percent annual decrease of the number of bills per household in Table 6 .
finally , a comparison of annual growth rates for 1993-97 in table 3 with those in table 6 shows the following : ( a ) the 5.9 percent annual decrease of the total number of payments in table 3 has been augmented to a 7.2 percent annual decrease of the number of payments per household in table 6 ; and ( b ) the 1.0 percent annual [raise] of total number of bills in table 3 has shrunk to a 0.3 percent annual decrease of the number of bills per household in table 6 .

Conversely , the mailer could increase his volume if the discount and the associated service are offered .
conversely , the mailer could [raise] his volume if the discount and the associated service are offered .

If the prices of all basic mail were increased , say , 20 % , the 33.6 , the 45.0 , and the 39.2 average would all increase by 20 % .
if the prices of all basic mail were increased , say , 20 % , the 33.6 , the 45.0 , and the 39.2 average would all [raise] by 20 % .

If the price of basic mail is incresed and the price of workshared mail is held constant , the discount will increase automatically and volume will decline for two reasons : ( 1 ) because the price is higher , some customers will reduce usage and ( 2 ) because the discount is higher , some customers will decide to workshare and will leave basic .
if the price of basic mail is incresed and the price of workshared mail is held constant , the discount will [raise] automatically and volume will decline for two reasons : ( 1 ) because the price is higher , some customers will reduce usage and ( 2 ) because the discount is higher , some customers will decide to workshare and will leave basic .

In Equation ( 15 ) , an increase in Pws amounts to a decrease in the discount , causing workshared mail to stop worksharing and shift to Vb .
in equation ( 15 ) , an [raise] in pws amounts to a decrease in the discount , causing workshared mail to stop worksharing and shift to vb .

Thus , a 1-cent increase in the discount causes about 2.5 % of the basic volume to shift to presort .
thus , a 1-cent [raise] in the discount causes about 2.5 % of the basic volume to shift to presort .

Since the models being used here are characterized by strong cross elasticities , it was necessary to develop a method of dealing with the shifting curves and with mailers that shift toward worksharing when the discounts increase .
since the models being used here are characterized by strong cross elasticities , it was necessary to develop a method of dealing with the shifting curves and with mailers that shift toward worksharing when the discounts [raise] .

Throughout this paper , I assume that the average user cost for shifting mail is equal to the original discount ( under which they chose not to workshare ) plus  of the increase in the discount .
throughout this paper , i assume that the average user cost for shifting mail is equal to the original discount ( under which they chose not to workshare ) plus  of the [raise] in the discount .

Deciding this was unacceptably large ( in absolute value ) , I chose instead to increase the leaving shift volume with an elasticity of -0.189 , which is the elasticity Thress found for the basic category when the discount does not change .
deciding this was unacceptably large ( in absolute value ) , i chose instead to [raise] the leaving shift volume with an elasticity of -0.189 , which is the elasticity thress found for the basic category when the discount does not change .

At a discount of 4 , the Thress model shows a profit increase of $ 563 million and the eXe model shows $ 581 million .
at a discount of 4 , the thress model shows a profit [raise] of $ 563 million and the exe model shows $ 581 million .

Assuming the Postal Service cost of doing the workshare work is 6 , a reduction of 2 in the worksharing discount will cause a profit increase of about $ 563 million .
assuming the postal service cost of doing the workshare work is 6 , a reduction of 2 in the worksharing discount will cause a profit [raise] of about $ 563 million .

For discount decreases , the profits of the Postal Service increase much more rapidly ifthe discount elasticities ( and associated cross elasticities ) are low rather than high .
for discount decreases , the profits of the postal service [raise] much more rapidly ifthe discount elasticities ( and associated cross elasticities ) are low rather than high .

For discount increases ( and conversely for discount decreases ) , the net welfare is the sum of : ( a ) the reduction in welfare of the basic market , before the shift volume leaves , ( b ) the increase in welfare of the shifting volume , and ( c ) the increase in welfare of the workshare market , before the shift volume arrives .
for discount increases ( and conversely for discount decreases ) , the net welfare is the sum of : ( a ) the reduction in welfare of the basic market , before the shift volume leaves , ( b ) the [raise] in welfare of the shifting volume , and ( c ) the [raise] in welfare of the workshare market , before the shift volume arrives .

Above the first 20 billion pieces , less attractive mail begins to presort and the postal service 's costs at the margin undoubtedly begin to increase .
above the first 20 billion pieces , less attractive mail begins to presort and the postal service 's costs at the margin undoubtedly begin to [raise] .

One can easily increase the discount from zero and , for each discount level , calculate several figures : ( 1 ) the total revenue lost by the postal service , which is simply equal to the discount level multiplied by the presort volume ; ( 2 ) the total cost incurred by mailers or by mailing organizations , which is the area under the supply curve ; and ( 3 ) the total savings of the postal service because it does not have to do the sorting and processing , which is the area under the cost curve .
one can easily [raise] the discount from zero and , for each discount level , calculate several figures : ( 1 ) the total revenue lost by the postal service , which is simply equal to the discount level multiplied by the presort volume ; ( 2 ) the total cost incurred by mailers or by mailing organizations , which is the area under the supply curve ; and ( 3 ) the total savings of the postal service because it does not have to do the sorting and processing , which is the area under the cost curve .

As the discount increases above 4.5 , the postal service falls below breakeven and will have to make up the losses with a price increase for all mailers , both those who are now presorting and those who have not thus far been affected .
as the discount increases above 4.5 , the postal service falls below breakeven and will have to make up the losses with a price [raise] for all mailers , both those who are now presorting and those who have not thus far been affected .

As shown in the previous part of this paper , however , the general net welfare level of the Nation continues to increase to some discount above 6 .
as shown in the previous part of this paper , however , the general net welfare level of the nation continues to [raise] to some discount above 6 .

What is happening to bring about this net increase is that some mailers are being made better off and some are being made worse off .
what is happening to bring about this net [raise] is that some mailers are being made better off and some are being made worse off .

We might increase the discount to 7 and find that we saved 7.3 on the volume that shifted .
we might [raise] the discount to 7 and find that we saved 7.3 on the volume that shifted .

Then we might increase it to 8 and find that we saved 8.2 on the volume that shifted .
then we might [raise] it to 8 and find that we saved 8.2 on the volume that shifted .

Then we might increase it further .
then we might [raise] it further .

Importantly , the associated losses in mailer welfare are on the order of twice the increase in postal profits ( net income ) .
importantly , the associated losses in mailer welfare are on the order of twice the [raise] in postal profits ( net income ) .

As the `` Arlington County : After-Action Report '' notes , there were significant problems with both self-dispatching and communications : `` Organizations , response units , and individuals proceeding on their own initiative directly to an incident site , without the knowledge and permission of the host jurisdiction and the Incident Commander , complicate the exercise of command , increase the risks faced by bonafide responders , and exacerbate the challenge of accountability . ''
as the `` arlington county : after-action report '' notes , there were significant problems with both self-dispatching and communications : `` organizations , response units , and individuals proceeding on their own initiative directly to an incident site , without the knowledge and permission of the host jurisdiction and the incident commander , complicate the exercise of command , [raise] the risks faced by bonafide responders , and exacerbate the challenge of accountability . ''

Dale Watson , the first head of the new Counterterrorism Division , recognized the urgent need to increase the FBI 's counterterrorism capability .
dale watson , the first head of the new counterterrorism division , recognized the urgent need to [raise] the fbi 's counterterrorism capability .

As an `` ambassador at large , '' this official sought to increase the visibility of counterterrorism matters within the department and to help integrate U.S. policy implementation among government agencies .
as an `` ambassador at large , '' this official sought to [raise] the visibility of counterterrorism matters within the department and to help integrate u.s. policy implementation among government agencies .

He proposed significantly larger budgets for the FBI , with much of the increase designated for counterterrorism .
he proposed significantly larger budgets for the fbi , with much of the [raise] designated for counterterrorism .

In addition , the CIA would increase contacts with the Northern Alliance rebels fighting the Taliban .
in addition , the cia would [raise] contacts with the northern alliance rebels fighting the taliban .

Rice told us she understood that the FBI had tasked its 56 U.S. field offices to increase surveillance of suspected terrorists and to reach out to informants who might have information about terrorist plots .
rice told us she understood that the fbi had tasked its 56 u.s. field offices to [raise] surveillance of suspected terrorists and to reach out to informants who might have information about terrorist plots .

The Congress should make sure funding is available to accelerate the expansion of secure facilities in FBI field offices so as to increase their ability to use secure email systems and classified intelligence product exchanges .
the congress should make sure funding is available to accelerate the expansion of secure facilities in fbi field offices so as to [raise] their ability to use secure email systems and classified intelligence product exchanges .

They had supplied him with the figures he used to argue that CIA spending on counterterrorism from its baseline budget had shown almost no increase .
they had supplied him with the figures he used to argue that cia spending on counterterrorism from its baseline budget had shown almost no [raise] .

Some of Secretary Albright 's advisers warned her at the time to be sure the evidence conclusively linked Bin Ladin to the Cole before considering any response , especially a military one , because such action might inflame the Islamic world and increase support for the Taliban .
some of secretary albright 's advisers warned her at the time to be sure the evidence conclusively linked bin ladin to the cole before considering any response , especially a military one , because such action might inflame the islamic world and [raise] support for the taliban .

The administration decided to propose to Congress a substantial increase in counterterrorism funding for national security agencies , including the CIA and the FBI .
the administration decided to propose to congress a substantial [raise] in counterterrorism funding for national security agencies , including the cia and the fbi .

This included a 27 percent increase in counterterrorism funding for the CIA .
this included a 27 percent [raise] in counterterrorism funding for the cia .

The new administration did seek an 8 percent increase in overall FBI funding in its initial budget proposal for fiscal year 2002 , including the largest proposed percentage increase in the FBI 's counterterrorism program since fiscal year 1997 .
the new administration did seek an 8 percent [raise] in overall fbi funding in its initial budget proposal for fiscal year 2002 , including the largest proposed percentage [raise] in the fbi 's counterterrorism program since fiscal year 1997 .

The additional funds included the FBI 's support of the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City , Utah ( a onetime increase ) , enhanced security at FBI facilities , and improvements to the FBI 's WMD incident response capability .
the additional funds included the fbi 's support of the 2002 winter olympics in salt lake city , utah ( a onetime [raise] ) , enhanced security at fbi facilities , and improvements to the fbi 's wmd incident response capability .

The Justice Department prepared a draft fiscal year 2003 budget that maintained but did not increase the funding level for counterterrorism in its pending fiscal year 2002 proposal .
the justice department prepared a draft fiscal year 2003 budget that maintained but did not [raise] the funding level for counterterrorism in its pending fiscal year 2002 proposal .

They used the game software to increase their familiarity with aircraft models and functions , and to highlight gaps in cabin security .
they used the game software to [raise] their familiarity with aircraft models and functions , and to highlight gaps in cabin security .

It warned that this danger would increase over the next several years .
it warned that this danger would [raise] over the next several years .

He stated that without a supplemental , it would be impossible for the CTC to continue at its current pace , let alone increase the operational tempo .
he stated that without a supplemental , it would be impossible for the ctc to continue at its current pace , let alone [raise] the operational tempo .

See , e.g. , CIA briefing materials , CTC Update for the DDCI , July 7 , 2000 ( `` Direct engagement with Massoud will enhance our ability to report on UBL and increase retaliation options if .
see , e.g. , cia briefing materials , ctc update for the ddci , july 7 , 2000 ( `` direct engagement with massoud will enhance our ability to report on ubl and [raise] retaliation options if .

The Middle East can also benefit from some of the programs to bridge the digital divide and increase Internet access that have already been developed for other regions of the world .
the middle east can also benefit from some of the programs to bridge the digital divide and [raise] internet access that have already been developed for other regions of the world .

The Protection of Civil Liberties Many of our recommendations call for the government to increase its presence in our lives-for example , by creating standards for the issuance of forms of identification , by better securing our borders , by sharing information gathered by many different agencies .
the protection of civil liberties many of our recommendations call for the government to [raise] its presence in our lives-for example , by creating standards for the issuance of forms of identification , by better securing our borders , by sharing information gathered by many different agencies .

FAA controllers at Boston Center , which had tracked the first two hijackings , requested at 9:07 that Herndon Command Center `` get messages to airborne aircraft to increase security for the cockpit . ''
faa controllers at boston center , which had tracked the first two hijackings , requested at 9:07 that herndon command center `` get messages to airborne aircraft to [raise] security for the cockpit . ''

A typical approach is to first iterate over a finite number geographical grid points and then gradually increase the circle radius from zero to some maximum value defined by the user , iterating over the zip codes in the order in which they enter the circle .
a typical approach is to first iterate over a finite number geographical grid points and then gradually [raise] the circle radius from zero to some maximum value defined by the user , iterating over the zip codes in the order in which they enter the circle .

The signal immediately preceded a sharp increase in citywide diarrheal visits from 10 February to 20 March ( Figure 2 ) .
the signal immediately preceded a sharp [raise] in citywide diarrheal visits from 10 february to 20 march ( figure 2 ) .

In both the localized 9 February cluster and the citywide outbreak , the increase was most notable among children less than 5 y of age .
in both the localized 9 february cluster and the citywide outbreak , the [raise] was most notable among children less than 5 y of age .

Laboratory investigation of the citywide increase in diarrheal activity indicated the rotavirus as the most likely causative agent .
laboratory investigation of the citywide [raise] in diarrheal activity indicated the rotavirus as the most likely causative agent .

These signals immediately preceded another sharp increase in citywide diarrheal activity , this time among individuals of all ages ( Figure 2 ) .
these signals immediately preceded another sharp [raise] in citywide diarrheal activity , this time among individuals of all ages ( figure 2 ) .

These signals started 12 d into a gradual citywide increase in fever/flu that continued to grow through the end of December , driven by an unusually early influenza season in New York City .
these signals started 12 d into a gradual citywide [raise] in fever/flu that continued to grow through the end of december , driven by an unusually early influenza season in new york city .

If we based the expected on the average of multiple prior weeks of data , we would get less variability in the expected counts and fewer false signals , but the problem would still persist , and as the number of weeks increase beyond a few months other problems may gradually arise due to , for example , seasonal trends or population size changes .
if we based the expected on the average of multiple prior weeks of data , we would get less variability in the expected counts and fewer false signals , but the problem would still persist , and as the number of weeks [raise] beyond a few months other problems may gradually arise due to , for example , seasonal trends or population size changes .

As new , multilocus configurations of beneficial alleles are generated ( by recombination ) and increase in frequency by selection , the modifiers of recombination that caused the production of those beneficial configurations increase in frequency with them .
as new , multilocus configurations of beneficial alleles are generated ( by recombination ) and [raise] in frequency by selection , the modifiers of recombination that caused the production of those beneficial configurations [raise] in frequency with them .

Results Atorvastatin Activates sAPP Shedding at a Subcellular Site Upstream of Endocytosis from the Plasma Membrane We confirmed our previous observation [ 16 ] that atorvastatin produces an increase in sAPP  shedding that is dose-dependent , reaching a maximum effect at 5 M .
results atorvastatin activates sapp shedding at a subcellular site upstream of endocytosis from the plasma membrane we confirmed our previous observation [ 16 ] that atorvastatin produces an [raise] in sapp  shedding that is dose-dependent , reaching a maximum effect at 5 m .

The increase in sAPP  shedding is accompanied by a corresponding increase in levels of the nonamyloidogenic APP -C-terminal fragment ( C83 ; data not shown ) .
the [raise] in sapp  shedding is accompanied by a corresponding [raise] in levels of the nonamyloidogenic app -c-terminal fragment ( c83 ; data not shown ) .

In the same experiment , levels of holoAPP were modestly increased but , again , to an extent insufficient to account for the increase in shed sAPP  ( Figure 3 ) .
in the same experiment , levels of holoapp were modestly increased but , again , to an extent insufficient to account for the [raise] in shed sapp  ( figure 3 ) .

However , FTI-1 treatment can also increase the level of geranylgeranylated isoforms of certain Rho proteins , e.g. , the inhibitory geranylgeranylated RhoB protein [ 60 ] .
however , fti-1 treatment can also [raise] the level of geranylgeranylated isoforms of certain rho proteins , e.g. , the inhibitory geranylgeranylated rhob protein [ 60 ] .

At 300 nM , a dose used to induce neuronal development in ES cell cultures [ 21 ] , Shh produced a significant increase in neurite outgrowth in NS-derived cells ( Figure 3D and 3E ; see Methods ) , and resulted in increased Ptc expression ( Figure 3F ) .
at 300 nm , a dose used to induce neuronal development in es cell cultures [ 21 ] , shh produced a significant [raise] in neurite outgrowth in ns-derived cells ( figure 3d and 3e ; see methods ) , and resulted in increased ptc expression ( figure 3f ) .

Thus , reduction of glucose in stage 2 growth medium followed by a later increase in glucose at stage 3 or 4 was essential for development of IPCs .
thus , reduction of glucose in stage 2 growth medium followed by a later [raise] in glucose at stage 3 or 4 was essential for development of ipcs .

Nicotinamide , which can stimulate in vivo pancreatic endocrine cell differentiation [ 37 ] , did not affect cell survival , but did increase insulin C-peptide expression approximately 1.5- to 2-fold ( data not shown ) .
nicotinamide , which can stimulate in vivo pancreatic endocrine cell differentiation [ 37 ] , did not affect cell survival , but did [raise] insulin c-peptide expression approximately 1.5- to 2-fold ( data not shown ) .

We found that IPC insulin release increased markedly following a step increase of glucose from 2.8 to 25 mM ( see Figure 4Q ) .
we found that ipc insulin release increased markedly following a step [raise] of glucose from 2.8 to 25 mm ( see figure 4q ) .

An increase in BMI from 31.3 to 32.4 ( +3.6 % ) corresponded approximately to an average nightly sleep duration decrease from 8 h to 5 h , as estimated at the mean age ( 53.1 y ) and sex distribution ( 54.4 % male ) of the sample with available sleep diary data .
an [raise] in bmi from 31.3 to 32.4 ( +3.6 % ) corresponded approximately to an average nightly sleep duration decrease from 8 h to 5 h , as estimated at the mean age ( 53.1 y ) and sex distribution ( 54.4 % male ) of the sample with available sleep diary data .

When evaluated at the average values and sex distribution of our sample , a decrease from 8 to 5 h of polysomnographically defined total sleep time was associated with a predicted 14.9 % increase in ghrelin .
when evaluated at the average values and sex distribution of our sample , a decrease from 8 to 5 h of polysomnographically defined total sleep time was associated with a predicted 14.9 % [raise] in ghrelin .

These hormone alterations may contribute to the BMI increase that occurs with sleep curtailment .
these hormone alterations may contribute to the bmi [raise] that occurs with sleep curtailment .

In one study , after 3 mo of dietary supervision , a reduction in BMI of approximately 5 % was associated with a 12 % increase in ghrelin and a 15 % decrease in leptin [ 27 ] .
in one study , after 3 mo of dietary supervision , a reduction in bmi of approximately 5 % was associated with a 12 % [raise] in ghrelin and a 15 % decrease in leptin [ 27 ] .

Sleep deprivation may thus increase not only appetite but also preference for lipid-rich , high-calorie foods .
sleep deprivation may thus [raise] not only appetite but also preference for lipid-rich , high-calorie foods .

Sleep loss from a baseline of 7.7 h was associated with a dose-dependent increase in BMI .
sleep loss from a baseline of 7.7 h was associated with a dose-dependent [raise] in bmi .

Throughout mammalian and primate evolution , there has been a gradual increase in brain size , superimposed with  spikes  of fast growth such as the tripling in human brain size that occurred about 1.5 million years ago , 4 million years after the human lineage diverged from that of the great apes .
throughout mammalian and primate evolution , there has been a gradual [raise] in brain size , superimposed with  spikes  of fast growth such as the tripling in human brain size that occurred about 1.5 million years ago , 4 million years after the human lineage diverged from that of the great apes .

Indeed , says Holloway , the reorganisation of the brain during evolution has been at least important as its increase in size .
indeed , says holloway , the reorganisation of the brain during evolution has been at least important as its [raise] in size .

Overall , he concludes , because a bigger brain per se would not work , brain reorganisation and size increase probably occurred in parallel during human brain evolution .
overall , he concludes , because a bigger brain per se would not work , brain reorganisation and size [raise] probably occurred in parallel during human brain evolution .

I therefore suggest that we increase access to the clinical trials registry and results database that already exist within the FDA .
i therefore suggest that we [raise] access to the clinical trials registry and results database that already exist within the fda .

The indications are that infection rates will increase .
the indications are that infection rates will [raise] .

The overall results suggest that average BMI and cholesterol increase with national income and then flatten out at higher incomes ( or even decline ) , except in the United States , the home of the Big Mac and of leading practitioners of the sedentary urban lifestyle ( in the US , BMI and cholesterol levels do not flatten out with higher income ) .
the overall results suggest that average bmi and cholesterol [raise] with national income and then flatten out at higher incomes ( or even decline ) , except in the united states , the home of the big mac and of leading practitioners of the sedentary urban lifestyle ( in the us , bmi and cholesterol levels do not flatten out with higher income ) .

Prolonged hyperglycemia will delay healing and increase the risk of ischemia .
prolonged hyperglycemia will delay healing and [raise] the risk of ischemia .

Insulin infusion should be started at an appropriate rate ( Box 2 ) , and frequently insulin requirement might increase during emergency surgery .
insulin infusion should be started at an appropriate rate ( box 2 ) , and frequently insulin requirement might [raise] during emergency surgery .

As insulin resistance and gluconeogenesis increase during surgery-related stress and anesthesia , additional insulin will be needed to prevent excessive hepatic glucose release .
as insulin resistance and gluconeogenesis [raise] during surgery-related stress and anesthesia , additional insulin will be needed to prevent excessive hepatic glucose release .

The increase in HDL cholesterol was significantly higher with nevirapine than with efavirenz .
the [raise] in hdl cholesterol was significantly higher with nevirapine than with efavirenz .

There was a decrease in the ratio of total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol with nevirapine and an increase with efavirenz .
there was a decrease in the ratio of total cholesterol to hdl cholesterol with nevirapine and an [raise] with efavirenz .

Instead of being sedating , they increase alertness .
instead of being sedating , they [raise] alertness .

Unlike SIRT-1 , these related enzymes are known to increase longevity when activated , usually by restricting the organism 's calorie intake .
unlike sirt-1 , these related enzymes are known to [raise] longevity when activated , usually by restricting the organism 's calorie intake .

Obviously , increasing both the number of HCFs and the size of the catchment region each services would substantially increase equality of access to health care in KwaZuluNatal .
obviously , increasing both the number of hcfs and the size of the catchment region each services would substantially [raise] equality of access to health care in kwazulunatal .

These publications will also serve another functionthey will provide examples that other journals can follow , and will increase confidence in the sustainability of open-access publishing as a business model .
these publications will also serve another functionthey will provide examples that other journals can follow , and will [raise] confidence in the sustainability of open-access publishing as a business model .

Early abnormalities of DNP affect glomeruli and include an increase in glomerular filtration rate , microalbuminuria , glomerular hypertrophy , and thickening of the glomerular basement membrane , followed by expansion of mesangial extracellular matrix and glomerulosclerosis [ 1,2 ] .
early abnormalities of dnp affect glomeruli and include an [raise] in glomerular filtration rate , microalbuminuria , glomerular hypertrophy , and thickening of the glomerular basement membrane , followed by expansion of mesangial extracellular matrix and glomerulosclerosis [ 1,2 ] .

Treatment with AGE-BSA for 2 , 5 , or 10 wk or with CML-BSA induced a significant increase in the number of apoptotic nuclei in CD36-positive HK-2 cells compared with control BSA-treated or untreated HK-2 cells ( Figure 4A ) .
treatment with age-bsa for 2 , 5 , or 10 wk or with cml-bsa induced a significant [raise] in the number of apoptotic nuclei in cd36-positive hk-2 cells compared with control bsa-treated or untreated hk-2 cells ( figure 4a ) .

These findings indicate that CD36 activates proapoptotic p38 MAPK possibly via src kinase activation in human PTECs when stimulated with AGE-BSA5 and PA. Chemical inhibition of p38 MAPK prevented the increase in the rate of apoptotic nuclei induced by both AGE-BSA5 and PA in HK-2 PTECs ( Figure 5G ) , indicating that p38 MAPK function is required for apoptosis induced by AGE-BSA and PA through CD36 receptor .
these findings indicate that cd36 activates proapoptotic p38 mapk possibly via src kinase activation in human ptecs when stimulated with age-bsa5 and pa. chemical inhibition of p38 mapk prevented the [raise] in the rate of apoptotic nuclei induced by both age-bsa5 and pa in hk-2 ptecs ( figure 5g ) , indicating that p38 mapk function is required for apoptosis induced by age-bsa and pa through cd36 receptor .

Moreover , quadrupling the dose does not increase the rate of response [ 11 ] .
moreover , quadrupling the dose does not [raise] the rate of response [ 11 ] .

The evidence that mental exercise per se can increase cognitive reserve and stave off dementia is weaker .
the evidence that mental exercise per se can [raise] cognitive reserve and stave off dementia is weaker .

According to official estimates , Nigeria has an estimated 3.6 million people with HIV/AIDS and approximately 310,000 AIDS deaths this year alone [ 3 ] , and these numbers are projected to increase each year .
according to official estimates , nigeria has an estimated 3.6 million people with hiv/aids and approximately 310,000 aids deaths this year alone [ 3 ] , and these numbers are projected to [raise] each year .

The number at risk will increase as population growth , urbanization , international travel , and climate change influence transmission of the disease .
the number at risk will [raise] as population growth , urbanization , international travel , and climate change influence transmission of the disease .

The inappropriate use of antimalarials during the past century has contributed to this increase in resistance .
the inappropriate use of antimalarials during the past century has contributed to this [raise] in resistance .

Speciation between the populations is driven further towards completion through this increase in premating isolation .
speciation between the populations is driven further towards completion through this [raise] in premating isolation .

Fraser says the western Antarctic Peninsula has registered the  largest increase in temperatures on the planet  on the order of 6 degrees Celsiusover the past 50 years .
fraser says the western antarctic peninsula has registered the  largest [raise] in temperatures on the planet  on the order of 6 degrees celsiusover the past 50 years .

We might find there are other things declining as well as sea ice , such as their food , or there might be a change in the fertilization of the waters.  Accompanying the drop in krill abundance , Atkinson and Siegel found an increase in salps , transparent jelly-like creatures that typically inhabit warmer waters than krill .
we might find there are other things declining as well as sea ice , such as their food , or there might be a change in the fertilization of the waters.  accompanying the drop in krill abundance , atkinson and siegel found an [raise] in salps , transparent jelly-like creatures that typically inhabit warmer waters than krill .

In some cases , the causes of the increase have become obviousthe increases in lung cancer , coronary artery disease and type 2 diabetes , for example , are not considered to be a mystery .
in some cases , the causes of the [raise] have become obviousthe increases in lung cancer , coronary artery disease and type 2 diabetes , for example , are not considered to be a mystery .

Some analyses of the increase in hay fever and asthma would suggest a similar time course , and this parallelism of the time frame has been taken to suggest that there could be a common cause .
some analyses of the [raise] in hay fever and asthma would suggest a similar time course , and this parallelism of the time frame has been taken to suggest that there could be a common cause .

The implication in each case is that asthma has increased secondary to an increase in inflammation or an increase of the allergic response that is closely associated .
the implication in each case is that asthma has increased secondary to an [raise] in inflammation or an [raise] of the allergic response that is closely associated .

More recently , Harold Nelson analyzed all the studies on hay fever published in the United States and found a prevalence of ~15 % in 1960 , with no convincing evidence of an increase since then ( H. Nelson , personal communication ) .
more recently , harold nelson analyzed all the studies on hay fever published in the united states and found a prevalence of ~15 % in 1960 , with no convincing evidence of an [raise] since then ( h. nelson , personal communication ) .

If seasonal hay fever was epidemic in 1960 , then the subsequent increase in asthma has to be seen in a different light .
if seasonal hay fever was epidemic in 1960 , then the subsequent [raise] in asthma has to be seen in a different light .

In each of these studies , the increase in asthma symptoms or disease has been greater than tenfold .
in each of these studies , the [raise] in asthma symptoms or disease has been greater than tenfold .

Several hypotheses have been proposed to explain the increase in asthma ( Box 1 ) .
several hypotheses have been proposed to explain the [raise] in asthma ( box 1 ) .

At this point , our questions about the increase in asthma are : 1 ) Is an increase in allergy or hay fever a necessary precursor for the increase in asthma , a parallel event , or separate ?
at this point , our questions about the [raise] in asthma are : 1 ) is an [raise] in allergy or hay fever a necessary precursor for the [raise] in asthma , a parallel event , or separate ?

However , the properties of the dominant allergens do not explain the overall increase in prevalence , which has occurred in countries with very different houses , climates , and traditions of domestic pet ownership .
however , the properties of the dominant allergens do not explain the overall [raise] in prevalence , which has occurred in countries with very different houses , climates , and traditions of domestic pet ownership .

The most obvious result of these changes is an increase in obesity , which has reached epidemic proportions in the United States .
the most obvious result of these changes is an [raise] in obesity , which has reached epidemic proportions in the united states .

Recently , we have documented a decrease in activity among children ( age ~4 years ) in the United States Head Start program ( a child-development program that aims to increase the school-readiness of young children in low-income families ) who have a history of wheezing [ 24 ] .
recently , we have documented a decrease in activity among children ( age ~4 years ) in the united states head start program ( a child-development program that aims to [raise] the school-readiness of young children in low-income families ) who have a history of wheezing [ 24 ] .

Thus there is a real possibility that some forms of childhood behaviorTV , videos , computer games , etc.might be associated with sigh rates low enough to increase non-specific bronchial hyperreactivity .
thus there is a real possibility that some forms of childhood behaviortv , videos , computer games , etc.might be associated with sigh rates low enough to [raise] non-specific bronchial hyperreactivity .

Conclusions Although the explanation for the increase in asthma is not yet clear , it is possible to put forward a model that includes elements of each of the three main hypotheses .
conclusions although the explanation for the [raise] in asthma is not yet clear , it is possible to put forward a model that includes elements of each of the three main hypotheses .

We clearly need to develop ways to increase prolonged physical activity , both among patients with asthma and in the general population .
we clearly need to develop ways to [raise] prolonged physical activity , both among patients with asthma and in the general population .

Quasi-epidemic transmission can amplify a relatively low amount of heterospecific transmission and substantially increase prevalence [ 2325 ] .
quasi-epidemic transmission can amplify a relatively low amount of heterospecific transmission and substantially [raise] prevalence [ 2325 ] .

The former view reflects a real need to connect different life history stages and to increase the precision and efficiency of field studies involving diverse and difficult-to-identify taxa .
the former view reflects a real need to connect different life history stages and to [raise] the precision and efficiency of field studies involving diverse and difficult-to-identify taxa .

However , a significant decrease in the abundance of CD4 cells relative to other T cell types as summarized in CD4 % ( but not in absolute CD4 count ) was present in the repeated TI arm , corresponding to a significant increase in CD8 T cell count .
however , a significant decrease in the abundance of cd4 cells relative to other t cell types as summarized in cd4 % ( but not in absolute cd4 count ) was present in the repeated ti arm , corresponding to a significant [raise] in cd8 t cell count .

However , we do show that monitoring CD4 cell numbers by percentage could lead to misinterpreting a significant loss of CD4 cells as a result of a significant increase in CD8 count following TIs , even though absolute CD4 count numbers remained unchanged ( see Figure 4 ) .
however , we do show that monitoring cd4 cell numbers by percentage could lead to misinterpreting a significant loss of cd4 cells as a result of a significant [raise] in cd8 count following tis , even though absolute cd4 count numbers remained unchanged ( see figure 4 ) .

Interestingly , the increase in CD8 T cell number also corresponded with an increase in HIV-specific responses as measured by interferon-gamma expression ( data not shown ) , which in light of an absence of effect on viral load between arms further supports that TI strategies alone may not significantly alter the pre-existing balance between viral replication and host antiviral responses [ 14,16,23,24 ] .
interestingly , the [raise] in cd8 t cell number also corresponded with an [raise] in hiv-specific responses as measured by interferon-gamma expression ( data not shown ) , which in light of an absence of effect on viral load between arms further supports that ti strategies alone may not significantly alter the pre-existing balance between viral replication and host antiviral responses [ 14,16,23,24 ] .

Importantly , no evidence for an increase of viral resistance in association with therapy failure was present in the repeated interruptions arm ( See Table 2 ) .
importantly , no evidence for an [raise] of viral resistance in association with therapy failure was present in the repeated interruptions arm ( see table 2 ) .

These adaptations may include the resistance-associated mutations , which were detected , as well as secondary mutations that may increase the viral replication capacity [ 35,36 ] or envelope adaptations required to escape concurrent humoral immune responses [ 37,38 ] .
these adaptations may include the resistance-associated mutations , which were detected , as well as secondary mutations that may [raise] the viral replication capacity [ 35,36 ] or envelope adaptations required to escape concurrent humoral immune responses [ 37,38 ] .

In suggesting that slowing biological aging may increase the disjunction between  social aging  ( the age at which children are exposed to  adult  images and concepts ) and  biological aging  ( expected lifespan ) , only one view , a conservative one , of the supposed  best  way to raise children is presented .
in suggesting that slowing biological aging may [raise] the disjunction between  social aging  ( the age at which children are exposed to  adult  images and concepts ) and  biological aging  ( expected lifespan ) , only one view , a conservative one , of the supposed  best  way to raise children is presented .

These numbers are projected to steadily increase , but some question whether aquaculture would be sufficient to supply what has been lost by overexploited fisheries .
these numbers are projected to steadily [raise] , but some question whether aquaculture would be sufficient to supply what has been lost by overexploited fisheries .

Partitioning these functions between the duplicates may increase the fitness of the organism by removing the conflict between two or more functions .
partitioning these functions between the duplicates may [raise] the fitness of the organism by removing the conflict between two or more functions .

However , if immune mechanisms were involved , protection should increase with age until children become functionally immune , when additional immunological advantage should be lost .
however , if immune mechanisms were involved , protection should [raise] with age until children become functionally immune , when additional immunological advantage should be lost .

Secondary outcomes included serious adverse events ( disease progression , acute retroviral syndrome , therapy failure , or opportunistic infections at any point in the study ) , changes in CD4 count on therapy , immune reconstitution changes ( CD4 recall responses and CD4 nave/memory T cell distribution ) , and detection of viral mutations There were no study-related serious adverse events in either group and no increase of therapy failure in the STI arm .
secondary outcomes included serious adverse events ( disease progression , acute retroviral syndrome , therapy failure , or opportunistic infections at any point in the study ) , changes in cd4 count on therapy , immune reconstitution changes ( cd4 recall responses and cd4 nave/memory t cell distribution ) , and detection of viral mutations there were no study-related serious adverse events in either group and no [raise] of therapy failure in the sti arm .

Institute at the University of California at Davis Medical Center in Sacramento ( California , United States ) has recorded , in autistic brains , a brain volume increase in a specific structure , the amygdala , which is thought to be important for social behavior .
institute at the university of california at davis medical center in sacramento ( california , united states ) has recorded , in autistic brains , a brain volume [raise] in a specific structure , the amygdala , which is thought to be important for social behavior .

The increase correlated with increased brain volumes of both gray and white matter regions measured by structural imaging between ages two to five .
the [raise] correlated with increased brain volumes of both gray and white matter regions measured by structural imaging between ages two to five .

All of these mutations increase the tendency of -synuclein to aggregate , suggesting that disease is a consequence of protein aggregation .
all of these mutations [raise] the tendency of -synuclein to aggregate , suggesting that disease is a consequence of protein aggregation .

Mitochondrial function and synaptic transmission may be especially affected , and both of these can secondarily increase oxidative stress within the cytosol ( Greenamyre and Hastings 2004 ) .
mitochondrial function and synaptic transmission may be especially affected , and both of these can secondarily [raise] oxidative stress within the cytosol ( greenamyre and hastings 2004 ) .

To exclude the possibility of downregulation or inactivation at the level of protein expression , they irradiated tumour-bearing mice prior to sacrifice , a treatment known to increase p53 protein levels via posttranslational mechanisms .
to exclude the possibility of downregulation or inactivation at the level of protein expression , they irradiated tumour-bearing mice prior to sacrifice , a treatment known to [raise] p53 protein levels via posttranslational mechanisms .

Irradiation of many tissues leads to p53-dependent apoptosis , and , indeed , in tumours that had retained the wild-type allele , irradiation did lead to an increase in apoptosis , whereas in tumours that had lost the wild-type allele , it did not .
irradiation of many tissues leads to p53-dependent apoptosis , and , indeed , in tumours that had retained the wild-type allele , irradiation did lead to an [raise] in apoptosis , whereas in tumours that had lost the wild-type allele , it did not .

Ghrelin administration has been found to increase non-REM sleep in humans and mice , possibly via its interactions with the sleep-inducing peptide growth hormone releasing hormone ( GHRH ) .
ghrelin administration has been found to [raise] non-rem sleep in humans and mice , possibly via its interactions with the sleep-inducing peptide growth hormone releasing hormone ( ghrh ) .

However , recent studies seem to favor a highly conserved stress response that evolved early in most species to increase an organism 's chance of surviving adversity ( such as CR ) by triggering concerted physiological responses [ 6 ] .
however , recent studies seem to favor a highly conserved stress response that evolved early in most species to [raise] an organism 's chance of surviving adversity ( such as cr ) by triggering concerted physiological responses [ 6 ] .

If this result could be replicated in humans , then the prospect of DR to increase life span would be eminently more attractive than overall CR .
if this result could be replicated in humans , then the prospect of dr to [raise] life span would be eminently more attractive than overall cr .

For example ,  knocking out  an ion channel should increase the variation in the activity of particular neurons among individuals in a population .
for example ,  knocking out  an ion channel should [raise] the variation in the activity of particular neurons among individuals in a population .

The results would significantly increase our functional knowledge of the genes within the microbial genomes thus far sequenced .
the results would significantly [raise] our functional knowledge of the genes within the microbial genomes thus far sequenced .

If education and public policies are insufficient to promote behavioral changes to increase physical activity among most people , can advances in biotechnology confer such benefits to individuals unable or unwilling to perform the necessary physical effort ?
if education and public policies are insufficient to promote behavioral changes to [raise] physical activity among most people , can advances in biotechnology confer such benefits to individuals unable or unwilling to perform the necessary physical effort ?

Tonic patterns of activity , in contrast , would not only promote the mobilization of extracellular calcium but also increase the number of store-operated calcium channels with each bout of exercise .
tonic patterns of activity , in contrast , would not only promote the mobilization of extracellular calcium but also [raise] the number of store-operated calcium channels with each bout of exercise .

DISCUSSION Coxibs , selective inhibitors of cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) , increase the risk of myocardial infarction and stroke [ 13 ] , prompting concern for patients with established cardiovascular disease .
discussion coxibs , selective inhibitors of cyclooxygenase-2 ( cox-2 ) , [raise] the risk of myocardial infarction and stroke [ 13 ] , prompting concern for patients with established cardiovascular disease .

With less optimistic assumptions ( treatment-centered response/mixed ART effects ) , the number of new infections rises , to 4.3 million per year by 2020 ( a 14 % increase ) ; mortality trends are similar to the optimistic scenario in the short term , but worse in the long term , even compared to the baseline .
with less optimistic assumptions ( treatment-centered response/mixed art effects ) , the number of new infections rises , to 4.3 million per year by 2020 ( a 14 % [raise] ) ; mortality trends are similar to the optimistic scenario in the short term , but worse in the long term , even compared to the baseline .

Meeting this need would require a tremendous increase in financing , human capacity and infrastructure that might not be attainable .
meeting this need would require a tremendous [raise] in financing , human capacity and infrastructure that might not be attainable .

This is problematic , as any delays in developing a vaccine will increase the burden from HIV/AIDS in the parts of the world that can least afford it .
this is problematic , as any delays in developing a vaccine will [raise] the burden from hiv/aids in the parts of the world that can least afford it .

To further explain the relationship between smoking exposure and C-reactive protein , to increase the power to detect a trend , and to reduce residual confounding , C-reactive protein was categorized into three levels : under 2.1 mg/l ( undetectable ) , 2.19.9 mg/l ( mildly elevated ) , and 10.0 mg/l ( clinically significant ) .
to further explain the relationship between smoking exposure and c-reactive protein , to [raise] the power to detect a trend , and to reduce residual confounding , c-reactive protein was categorized into three levels : under 2.1 mg/l ( undetectable ) , 2.19.9 mg/l ( mildly elevated ) , and 10.0 mg/l ( clinically significant ) .

All positive acute phase reactants showed an associated decline from current to former to never smokers in fully adjusted models ( p  0.01 ) ; albumin , likewise showed a significant increase ( p -trend  0.01 ) .
all positive acute phase reactants showed an associated decline from current to former to never smokers in fully adjusted models ( p  0.01 ) ; albumin , likewise showed a significant [raise] ( p -trend  0.01 ) .

Discrepancies may be due to smoking recidivism in prospective studies , where former smokers recommence smoking and increase their risk , such that the reported time since cessation is longer than the true time , or due to a lag between changes in cardiovascular risk factors and regression of disease .
discrepancies may be due to smoking recidivism in prospective studies , where former smokers recommence smoking and [raise] their risk , such that the reported time since cessation is longer than the true time , or due to a lag between changes in cardiovascular risk factors and regression of disease .

The peptides selected for trials mostly contained substitutions of anchoring amino acids that were designed to increase peptide binding to the MHC molecule while minimally changing the shape of the epitope [ 7,8 ] .
the peptides selected for trials mostly contained substitutions of anchoring amino acids that were designed to [raise] peptide binding to the mhc molecule while minimally changing the shape of the epitope [ 7,8 ] .

Numerous known MSC markers were included in the list of 412 genes , such as the mesenchymal stem cell protein DSC54 ( 13.9-fold increase , p < 0.001 ) , neuropilin 1 ( 30.4-fold increase , p < 0.001 ) , hepatocyte growth factor ( 48.1-fold increase , p < 0.001 ) , forkhead box D1 ( 14.8-fold increase , p < 0.001 ) , and notch homolog 2 ( 2.9-fold increase , p < 0.001 ) .
numerous known msc markers were included in the list of 412 genes , such as the mesenchymal stem cell protein dsc54 ( 13.9-fold [raise] , p < 0.001 ) , neuropilin 1 ( 30.4-fold [raise] , p < 0.001 ) , hepatocyte growth factor ( 48.1-fold [raise] , p < 0.001 ) , forkhead box d1 ( 14.8-fold [raise] , p < 0.001 ) , and notch homolog 2 ( 2.9-fold [raise] , p < 0.001 ) .

One consequence of this is that publishers have been able to increase subscription prices well above inflation ; the United Kingdom has seen subscription rates rise by more than 200 % in the last ten years ( Blackwell 's periodical price indexes ; [ 3 ] ) .
one consequence of this is that publishers have been able to [raise] subscription prices well above inflation ; the united kingdom has seen subscription rates rise by more than 200 % in the last ten years ( blackwell 's periodical price indexes ; [ 3 ] ) .

Current immunosuppressive regimens are capable of preventing islet failure for months to years , but the agents used in these treatments are expensive and may increase the risk for specific malignancies and opportunistic infections .
current immunosuppressive regimens are capable of preventing islet failure for months to years , but the agents used in these treatments are expensive and may [raise] the risk for specific malignancies and opportunistic infections .

She was started on low-dose hydrocortisone for her adrenal insufficiency and megestrol acetate to increase her appetite .
she was started on low-dose hydrocortisone for her adrenal insufficiency and megestrol acetate to [raise] her appetite .

Malnutrition was an unlikely cause : her WBC and platelet counts had recovered before any increase in appetite or weight gain ; her body mass index was normal despite her weight loss ; and her bone marrow iron stores were adequate and her serum folate and vitamin B12 levels were high , suggesting adequate nutrient supply .
malnutrition was an unlikely cause : her wbc and platelet counts had recovered before any [raise] in appetite or weight gain ; her body mass index was normal despite her weight loss ; and her bone marrow iron stores were adequate and her serum folate and vitamin b12 levels were high , suggesting adequate nutrient supply .

The current study investigates the frequency and durability of control achieved with this intervention , with follow-up to a median of 5.3 y after infection , and with an increase in size of the cohort to 14 patients .
the current study investigates the frequency and durability of control achieved with this intervention , with follow-up to a median of 5.3 y after infection , and with an [raise] in size of the cohort to 14 patients .

Duration of viremia control during successive treatment interruptions was highly variable , and there was no increase in the sustainability of viral containment during successive STI cycles .
duration of viremia control during successive treatment interruptions was highly variable , and there was no [raise] in the sustainability of viral containment during successive sti cycles .

The only parameter that was predictive of prolonged viral control during the first treatment interruption was a low viremia at time of institution of therapy ( p = 0.01 ) : there was a 2.8-fold increase in hazard per order of magnitude increase in viral load .
the only parameter that was predictive of prolonged viral control during the first treatment interruption was a low viremia at time of institution of therapy ( p = 0.01 ) : there was a 2.8-fold [raise] in hazard per order of magnitude [raise] in viral load .

A further increase in the magnitude and breadth of HIV-1-specific CD8+ T cells was observed in the subsequent off-treatment periods , although these augmentations failed to reach statistical significance .
a further [raise] in the magnitude and breadth of hiv-1-specific cd8+ t cells was observed in the subsequent off-treatment periods , although these augmentations failed to reach statistical significance .

The increase in CD8+ T cell epitopes targeted during the first treatment interruption was also linearly correlated to the duration until virological failure ( r = 0.81 , p < 0.001 ) ( Figure 3D ) .
the [raise] in cd8+ t cell epitopes targeted during the first treatment interruption was also linearly correlated to the duration until virological failure ( r = 0.81 , p < 0.001 ) ( figure 3d ) .

Although initial control of viremia to less than 5,000 RNA copies/ml plasma was achieved in the majority of the individuals studied , a gradual increase in viremia and decline in CD4+ T cell counts was observed in most patients , even after a year or more of viral containment .
although initial control of viremia to less than 5,000 rna copies/ml plasma was achieved in the majority of the individuals studied , a gradual [raise] in viremia and decline in cd4+ t cell counts was observed in most patients , even after a year or more of viral containment .

In fact , in the absence of Hsp104 , prion aggregates continue to grow without increase in number and are rapidly lost in generations ( Wegrzyn et al .
in fact , in the absence of hsp104 , prion aggregates continue to grow without [raise] in number and are rapidly lost in generations ( wegrzyn et al .

Because of the marked hypertrophy ( bulk increase ) of the ST fibers in the elite runners , the cross-sectional area composed of these fibers was greater than either the good runners or the untrained subjects ( 82.9 %  3.1 % versus 62.1 %  2.6 % versus 60.0 %  2.7 % respectively ; p < 0.05 ) .
because of the marked hypertrophy ( bulk [raise] ) of the st fibers in the elite runners , the cross-sectional area composed of these fibers was greater than either the good runners or the untrained subjects ( 82.9 %  3.1 % versus 62.1 %  2.6 % versus 60.0 %  2.7 % respectively ; p < 0.05 ) .

Mice that harbor an activated form of PPARd display an  endurance  phenotype , with a coordinated increase in oxidative enzymes and mitochondrial biogenesis and an increased proportion of ST fibers .
mice that harbor an activated form of ppard display an  endurance  phenotype , with a coordinated [raise] in oxidative enzymes and mitochondrial biogenesis and an increased proportion of st fibers .

Ablation of HIF-1 in skeletal muscle was associated with an increase in the activity of rate-limiting enzymes of the mitochondria , indicating that the citric acid cycle and increased fatty acid oxidation may be compensating for decreased flow through the glycolytic pathway in these animals .
ablation of hif-1 in skeletal muscle was associated with an [raise] in the activity of rate-limiting enzymes of the mitochondria , indicating that the citric acid cycle and increased fatty acid oxidation may be compensating for decreased flow through the glycolytic pathway in these animals .

Between ages 12 and 24 mo , there is a discernible increase in the concentration of antibodies in the population , but the median concentration increases by only about 2-fold in this period .
between ages 12 and 24 mo , there is a discernible [raise] in the concentration of antibodies in the population , but the median concentration increases by only about 2-fold in this period .

Moreover , only a slight increase in anticapsular antibody concentration is measurable in Finnish , United States , and Israeli toddlers during the same age range .
moreover , only a slight [raise] in anticapsular antibody concentration is measurable in finnish , united states , and israeli toddlers during the same age range .

In both Finland [ 20 ] and Kenya [ 21 ] , there is an increase in the concentration of antibodies to the pneumococcal proteins pneumolysin and pneumococcal surface protein A over the first two or more years of life .
in both finland [ 20 ] and kenya [ 21 ] , there is an [raise] in the concentration of antibodies to the pneumococcal proteins pneumolysin and pneumococcal surface protein a over the first two or more years of life .

About 5,000 to 10,000 Nepalese sex workers are trafficked every year [ 4 ] , numbers that are likely to increase as a result of the conflict .
about 5,000 to 10,000 nepalese sex workers are trafficked every year [ 4 ] , numbers that are likely to [raise] as a result of the conflict .

Higher CD4 count thresholds of 350 and 500 cells/l are also used to increase the intensity of monitoring .
higher cd4 count thresholds of 350 and 500 cells/l are also used to [raise] the intensity of monitoring .

Of note , his recent weight loss is presumably due to overt hyperglycemia and glycosuria , further underestimating his true weight increase .
of note , his recent weight loss is presumably due to overt hyperglycemia and glycosuria , further underestimating his true weight [raise] .

This influx of oxygenated blood alters the strength of the local magnetic field in proportion to the increase in flow , which is detected and recorded by the imaging machinery .
this influx of oxygenated blood alters the strength of the local magnetic field in proportion to the [raise] in flow , which is detected and recorded by the imaging machinery .

While to Greely 's knowledge fMRI evidence has n't yet been used in court ,  it 's certain to be tried ,  and the barrier to its admission will fall as both the reliability and the ease of administration increase .
while to greely 's knowledge fmri evidence has n't yet been used in court ,  it 's certain to be tried ,  and the barrier to its admission will fall as both the reliability and the ease of administration [raise] .

The Disenfranchised Even with the steady increase in sources to pay publication fees , detractors claim that open-access publishing may lead to a situation in which some authors are simply unable to publish their work due to lack of funds .
the disenfranchised even with the steady [raise] in sources to pay publication fees , detractors claim that open-access publishing may lead to a situation in which some authors are simply unable to publish their work due to lack of funds .

Closer inspection revealed these results were largely due to an increase in production of interferons by the immune system in response to high doses of the foreign RNA , rather than to specific silencing of any target genes .
closer inspection revealed these results were largely due to an [raise] in production of interferons by the immune system in response to high doses of the foreign rna , rather than to specific silencing of any target genes .

There are a number of strategies to increase the magnitude of T cell responses to peptide vaccines .
there are a number of strategies to [raise] the magnitude of t cell responses to peptide vaccines .

Studies in mice suggest that once activated , effector CD8+ T cells may have an increase in RE of up to 70-fold compared to nave cells [ 38,39,40 ] .
studies in mice suggest that once activated , effector cd8+ t cells may have an [raise] in re of up to 70-fold compared to nave cells [ 38,39,40 ] .

Interestingly , bees flying 200 m over water hardly appeared to register an increase in travel distance , whereas the same increase in distance flown over land resulted in a substantial increase in perceived flight distance .
interestingly , bees flying 200 m over water hardly appeared to register an [raise] in travel distance , whereas the same [raise] in distance flown over land resulted in a substantial [raise] in perceived flight distance .

Furthermore , even though bees experience only a small increase in subjective travel distance when flying over water , it is not zero .
furthermore , even though bees experience only a small [raise] in subjective travel distance when flying over water , it is not zero .

In fact , it is a positive but decelerating relationship , so that an increase in sucrose concentration from 10 % to 20 % results in twice the difference in dance rate that an increase from 50 % to 60 % does .
in fact , it is a positive but decelerating relationship , so that an [raise] in sucrose concentration from 10 % to 20 % results in twice the difference in dance rate that an [raise] from 50 % to 60 % does .

Interestingly , the perceived change in quality is stronger when there is a decrease than when there is an increase in nectar quality of the same magnitude .
interestingly , the perceived change in quality is stronger when there is a decrease than when there is an [raise] in nectar quality of the same magnitude .

This increase in resistin production is blocked by both aspirin and rosiglitazone , drugs that have dual anti-inflammatory and insulin-sensitizing actions and have been shown to antagonize NF-B .
this [raise] in resistin production is blocked by both aspirin and rosiglitazone , drugs that have dual anti-inflammatory and insulin-sensitizing actions and have been shown to antagonize nf-b .

In agreement with a previous report [ 28 ] , treatment of primary macrophages with the endotoxin LPS led to a dramatic , dose-responsive increase in resistin gene expression ( Figure 1B ) .
in agreement with a previous report [ 28 ] , treatment of primary macrophages with the endotoxin lps led to a dramatic , dose-responsive [raise] in resistin gene expression ( figure 1b ) .

We also determined that this effect of LPS was paralleled by an increase in resistin protein secretion into the medium ( Figure 1C ) .
we also determined that this effect of lps was paralleled by an [raise] in resistin protein secretion into the medium ( figure 1c ) .

By contrast , secretion of resistin did not increase until much later , more closely following the pattern of the appearance of sTNFR2 , a marker of TNF action ( Figure 2C ) [ 29 ] .
by contrast , secretion of resistin did not [raise] until much later , more closely following the pattern of the appearance of stnfr2 , a marker of tnf action ( figure 2c ) [ 29 ] .

Since LPS induction of TNF preceded the increase in resistin ( see Figure 2C ) , we hypothesized that TNF , or a similar cytokine produced early after LPS exposure , was responsible for the later induction of resistin .
since lps induction of tnf preceded the [raise] in resistin ( see figure 2c ) , we hypothesized that tnf , or a similar cytokine produced early after lps exposure , was responsible for the later induction of resistin .

Indeed , neutralizing antibodies to TNF markedly attenuated the increase in resistin gene expression ( Figure 3C ) .
indeed , neutralizing antibodies to tnf markedly attenuated the [raise] in resistin gene expression ( figure 3c ) .

The time course of hyperresistinemia paralleled the increase in circulating levels of sTNFR2 , although the increase in resistin levels was more marked and sustained ( Figure 5A ) .
the time course of hyperresistinemia paralleled the [raise] in circulating levels of stnfr2 , although the [raise] in resistin levels was more marked and sustained ( figure 5a ) .

The increase in resistin protein levels correlated with increased resistin gene expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cells following systemic endotoxemia ( Figure 5B ) .
the [raise] in resistin protein levels correlated with increased resistin gene expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cells following systemic endotoxemia ( figure 5b ) .

Hyperresistinemia impairs glucose homeostasis in rodents [ 49,50 ] , and inflammatory states are associated with insulin resistance [ 36 ] , which may serve as a physiological attempt to increase the provision of glucose to the brain under stress conditions .
hyperresistinemia impairs glucose homeostasis in rodents [ 49,50 ] , and inflammatory states are associated with insulin resistance [ 36 ] , which may serve as a physiological attempt to [raise] the provision of glucose to the brain under stress conditions .

Ioannidis suggests how studies could be designed from the outset to increase their chances of producing true results .
ioannidis suggests how studies could be designed from the outset to [raise] their chances of producing true results .

Balancing Prevention and Treatment The scale of the proposed increase in the number of patients receiving ART raises numerous questions about the treatment itself .
balancing prevention and treatment the scale of the proposed [raise] in the number of patients receiving art raises numerous questions about the treatment itself .

Baseline projections in Salomon and colleagues ' study showed that without any behavioral change or ART scale-up , the HIV/AIDS prevalence rate would remain relatively stable , but the number of new infections would increase by 52.3 million by 2020 .
baseline projections in salomon and colleagues ' study showed that without any behavioral change or art scale-up , the hiv/aids prevalence rate would remain relatively stable , but the number of new infections would [raise] by 52.3 million by 2020 .

In addition , the improvement in the health , well-being , and longevity of people living with AIDS could increase the opportunities for HIV transmission .
in addition , the improvement in the health , well-being , and longevity of people living with aids could [raise] the opportunities for hiv transmission .

Unless there is a substantial increase in commitment and resources for both prevention and ART , efforts to control HIV/AIDS and mitigate its impact will only meet with partial and limited success .
unless there is a substantial [raise] in commitment and resources for both prevention and art , efforts to control hiv/aids and mitigate its impact will only meet with partial and limited success .

In addition , to increase resources , intensified commitment is required to ensure every opportunity is taken to integrate prevention and treatment .
in addition , to [raise] resources , intensified commitment is required to ensure every opportunity is taken to integrate prevention and treatment .

The authors suggest that this could be due to the unavoidable loss of lean body mass , which according to several other studies may increase mortality , and which may outweigh the beneficial effects of losing fat mass in healthy individuals .
the authors suggest that this could be due to the unavoidable loss of lean body mass , which according to several other studies may [raise] mortality , and which may outweigh the beneficial effects of losing fat mass in healthy individuals .

I will discuss how  smart breeding  recycles  old genes  to develop highly productive , stress-resistant modern varieties and why this approach is particularly attractive to increase food security in regions of the world with high concentrations of genetic diversity .
i will discuss how  smart breeding  recycles  old genes  to develop highly productive , stress-resistant modern varieties and why this approach is particularly attractive to [raise] food security in regions of the world with high concentrations of genetic diversity .

In China , two introgressions from a wild relative of rice have been associated with a 30 % increase in the yields of the world 's highest-yielding hybrid rice ( Deng et al .
in china , two introgressions from a wild relative of rice have been associated with a 30 % [raise] in the yields of the world 's highest-yielding hybrid rice ( deng et al .

These maternally inherited bacteria inflict an impressive arsenal of reproductive alterations to increase the frequency of infected female offspring , often at the expense of their hosts .
these maternally inherited bacteria inflict an impressive arsenal of reproductive alterations to [raise] the frequency of infected female offspring , often at the expense of their hosts .

Like other parasites , but unlike long-term mutualists , Wolbachia may experience strong selection for phenotypic variation , for example , to counter improved host defenses , to compete with distinct Wolbachia strains that coinfect the same host , or to increase its transmission to new host backgrounds .
like other parasites , but unlike long-term mutualists , wolbachia may experience strong selection for phenotypic variation , for example , to counter improved host defenses , to compete with distinct wolbachia strains that coinfect the same host , or to [raise] its transmission to new host backgrounds .

Models indicate that the fixation rate for symbiont-beneficial ( selfish ) mutations increase with the number of symbionts transmitted , reflecting greater efficacy of selection among bacteria within a given host ( Rispe and Moran 2000 ) .
models indicate that the fixation rate for symbiont-beneficial ( selfish ) mutations [raise] with the number of symbionts transmitted , reflecting greater efficacy of selection among bacteria within a given host ( rispe and moran 2000 ) .

An increase of the neurotransmitter dopamine has been associated with movement disorders such as Tourette syndrome ( Comings et al .
an [raise] of the neurotransmitter dopamine has been associated with movement disorders such as tourette syndrome ( comings et al .

The political , ethical , and religious controversies surrounding the use of human embryonic stem cells for therapeutic purposes have only served to increase the public 's awareness of the promising potential of regenerative medicine .
the political , ethical , and religious controversies surrounding the use of human embryonic stem cells for therapeutic purposes have only served to [raise] the public 's awareness of the promising potential of regenerative medicine .

Most of the increase occurred shortly after a specific local education campaign .
most of the [raise] occurred shortly after a specific local education campaign .

With these goals in mind , the last five years have witnessed a dramatic increase in BMI-related studies in academic institutions around the world .
with these goals in mind , the last five years have witnessed a dramatic [raise] in bmi-related studies in academic institutions around the world .

Sultan and colleagues speculate that the drying effects of the wind on the mucous membranes could increase the chances of the organism getting established in the human host .
sultan and colleagues speculate that the drying effects of the wind on the mucous membranes could [raise] the chances of the organism getting established in the human host .

For example , growth signals liberate P-TEFb from the large complex in the course of cardiac hypertrophy in mice , a disease characterized by the enlargement of myocytes due to a global increase in mRNA synthesis [ 27 ] .
for example , growth signals liberate p-tefb from the large complex in the course of cardiac hypertrophy in mice , a disease characterized by the enlargement of myocytes due to a global [raise] in mrna synthesis [ 27 ] .

Over the past decade , those interested in reform have been preoccupied with managed care measures and , more recently , with consumer-directed measures that increase costs to patients by requiring greater out-of-pocket spending .
over the past decade , those interested in reform have been preoccupied with managed care measures and , more recently , with consumer-directed measures that [raise] costs to patients by requiring greater out-of-pocket spending .

These measures are designed more to control costs than to increase coverage and access .
these measures are designed more to control costs than to [raise] coverage and access .

Most would increase the affordability of insurance premiums for private group and individual plans by providing financial assistance through tax policies and by modifying the benefits and coverage of the plans .
most would [raise] the affordability of insurance premiums for private group and individual plans by providing financial assistance through tax policies and by modifying the benefits and coverage of the plans .

Sinclair suggested , as have other experts , including his mentor Lenny Guarente and the National Institute on Aging advisory council member Elizabeth Blackburn , that Kass and other bioconservatives are creating a false alarm about life extension , because only a modest ( say , 30 % ) increase in human life span is achievable by biomedical intervention , whereas Kass 's apprehensions concern extreme or indefinite life extension .
sinclair suggested , as have other experts , including his mentor lenny guarente and the national institute on aging advisory council member elizabeth blackburn , that kass and other bioconservatives are creating a false alarm about life extension , because only a modest ( say , 30 % ) [raise] in human life span is achievable by biomedical intervention , whereas kass 's apprehensions concern extreme or indefinite life extension .

The first error is the assumption of proportionality : I have recently argued ( de Grey 2004 ) , from evolutionary considerations , that longer-lived species will show a smaller maximal proportional life-span extension in response to starvation , probably not much more than the same absolute increase seen in shorter-lived species .
the first error is the assumption of proportionality : i have recently argued ( de grey 2004 ) , from evolutionary considerations , that longer-lived species will show a smaller maximal proportional life-span extension in response to starvation , probably not much more than the same absolute [raise] seen in shorter-lived species .

Since we are already so long lived , even a 30 % increase in healthy life span will give the first beneficiaries of rejuvenation therapies another 20 yearsan eternity in scienceto benefit from second-generation therapies that would give another 30 % , and so on ad infinitum .
since we are already so long lived , even a 30 % [raise] in healthy life span will give the first beneficiaries of rejuvenation therapies another 20 yearsan eternity in scienceto benefit from second-generation therapies that would give another 30 % , and so on ad infinitum .

Interestingly , comparisons of the tracings suggest that an increase in copy number of the mutant allele may have occurred .
interestingly , comparisons of the tracings suggest that an [raise] in copy number of the mutant allele may have occurred .

The increase in the ratio of mutant to wild-type peaks obtained from analyses of the lung specimen and pleural fluid paralleled the increase in the ratio of the mutant G peak ( leading to the L858R mutation ) to the wild-type T peak at nucleotide 2573 ( see above ; Figure S2A ) , as well as the increase in the ratio of the A : G SNP at position 2361 ( Figure 2A ) .
the [raise] in the ratio of mutant to wild-type peaks obtained from analyses of the lung specimen and pleural fluid paralleled the [raise] in the ratio of the mutant g peak ( leading to the l858r mutation ) to the wild-type t peak at nucleotide 2573 ( see above ; figure s2a ) , as well as the [raise] in the ratio of the a : g snp at position 2361 ( figure 2a ) .

In our own analysis of H1975 ( exons 18 to 24 ) , the mutant 2369 T peak resulting in the T790M amino acid substitution was dominant , suggesting an increase in copy number of the mutant allele in comparison to the wild-type allele .
in our own analysis of h1975 ( exons 18 to 24 ) , the mutant 2369 t peak resulting in the t790m amino acid substitution was dominant , suggesting an [raise] in copy number of the mutant allele in comparison to the wild-type allele .

In particular , rates of nonsynonymous substitution per site ( resulting in an amino acid change ; d N ) often greatly exceed those of synonymous substitution per site ( silent change ; d S ) , as expected if most mutations are fixed because they increase fitness ( Figure 1 ) .
in particular , rates of nonsynonymous substitution per site ( resulting in an amino acid change ; d n ) often greatly exceed those of synonymous substitution per site ( silent change ; d s ) , as expected if most mutations are fixed because they [raise] fitness ( figure 1 ) .

HIV-specific immune responses did increase off therapy , but so did viral loads .
hiv-specific immune responses did [raise] off therapy , but so did viral loads .

Each approach has ramifications for the other , as shown by the experience in some developed countries , where an increase in availability of treatment has been accompanied by an increase in risk behavior .
each approach has ramifications for the other , as shown by the experience in some developed countries , where an [raise] in availability of treatment has been accompanied by an [raise] in risk behavior .

Cultural Competence The most common term used in this effort is  cultural competence ,  essentially defined as a respectful knowledge of and attitude toward people from different cultures that enables health professionals who work with people from another culture to develop and use standard policies and practices that will increase the quality and outcome of their health care .
cultural competence the most common term used in this effort is  cultural competence ,  essentially defined as a respectful knowledge of and attitude toward people from different cultures that enables health professionals who work with people from another culture to develop and use standard policies and practices that will [raise] the quality and outcome of their health care .

Second , modest chemistry and biology experiments will be needed to increase the chances for success .
second , modest chemistry and biology experiments will be needed to [raise] the chances for success .

When they directly interfered with the isoprenoid/Rho/ROCK1 pathway by adding a drug that inhibits Rho activation , they saw effects similar to those of the statins ( i.e. , an increase in healthy cleavage ) .
when they directly interfered with the isoprenoid/rho/rock1 pathway by adding a drug that inhibits rho activation , they saw effects similar to those of the statins ( i.e. , an [raise] in healthy cleavage ) .

Further analyses , correcting the number of overall publications for the amount of money invested in research and development for each region , also show that , in contrast to both Canada and United States , the trend in Latin America has been an increase in relative output throughout the 1990s ( Figure 2 ) .
further analyses , correcting the number of overall publications for the amount of money invested in research and development for each region , also show that , in contrast to both canada and united states , the trend in latin america has been an [raise] in relative output throughout the 1990s ( figure 2 ) .

Although the cost of research is undoubtedly cheaper in the developing world due to relatively low researcher salaries , overhead and other work standards , these factors do not explain the substantial increase in the number of publications per amount of money allocated to research and development in Latin America , particularly from 1995 until 2000 ( Figure 2 ) .
although the cost of research is undoubtedly cheaper in the developing world due to relatively low researcher salaries , overhead and other work standards , these factors do not explain the substantial [raise] in the number of publications per amount of money allocated to research and development in latin america , particularly from 1995 until 2000 ( figure 2 ) .

Explaining the Increase in Publishing Productivity in Latin America One potential explanation for the increase in scientific productivity in Latin America is that scientific development during the 1990s was particularly strong for many countries of this region .
explaining the [raise] in publishing productivity in latin america one potential explanation for the [raise] in scientific productivity in latin america is that scientific development during the 1990s was particularly strong for many countries of this region .

There are many compelling reasons for the push to increase scientific input from the developing world ( Goldemberg 1998 ; Annan 2003 ) .
there are many compelling reasons for the push to [raise] scientific input from the developing world ( goldemberg 1998 ; annan 2003 ) .

The relative increase in the number of publications , especially when corrected for the amount of money available in research and development , demonstrates that many developing countries are heading in the right direction .
the relative [raise] in the number of publications , especially when corrected for the amount of money available in research and development , demonstrates that many developing countries are heading in the right direction .

This modest increase in the input from the peripheral auditory receptors provides little basis for the development of human speech and language , which had much more to do with the increase in the central brain mechanisms that elaborate the input .
this modest [raise] in the input from the peripheral auditory receptors provides little basis for the development of human speech and language , which had much more to do with the [raise] in the central brain mechanisms that elaborate the input .

In addition , short sleep was associated with low leptin and high ghrelin levels ( ghrelin is a hormone thought to stimulate food intake ) .These hormonal differences are likely to increase appetite , which could be responsible for the increased BMI in short sleepers .
in addition , short sleep was associated with low leptin and high ghrelin levels ( ghrelin is a hormone thought to stimulate food intake ) .these hormonal differences are likely to [raise] appetite , which could be responsible for the increased bmi in short sleepers .

Of note , however , the annual rate of increase in frequency of patient visits with reported hyperlipidemia was 34 % in 2001 and 21 % in 2002 , while it averaged only 12 % through 2000 .
of note , however , the annual rate of [raise] in frequency of patient visits with reported hyperlipidemia was 34 % in 2001 and 21 % in 2002 , while it averaged only 12 % through 2000 .

Absolute increases in the rate of statin use were greatest for high-risk patient visits with or without reported hyperlipidemiaa 15 percentage-point increase from 4 % of all visits in 1992 to 19 % in 2002followed by a nine percentage-point increase ( 2 % to 11 % ) for moderate-risk patient visits and a 2.5 percentage-point increase ( 0.3 % to 2.8 % ) for low-risk patient visits ( Figure 3 ) .
absolute increases in the rate of statin use were greatest for high-risk patient visits with or without reported hyperlipidemiaa 15 percentage-point [raise] from 4 % of all visits in 1992 to 19 % in 2002followed by a nine percentage-point [raise] ( 2 % to 11 % ) for moderate-risk patient visits and a 2.5 percentage-point [raise] ( 0.3 % to 2.8 % ) for low-risk patient visits ( figure 3 ) .

The increase in statin use with CHD risk and with the year of study persisted after controlling for physician-reported hyperlipidemia , number of medications , and nonclinical patient visit characteristics ( Table 2 ) .
the [raise] in statin use with chd risk and with the year of study persisted after controlling for physician-reported hyperlipidemia , number of medications , and nonclinical patient visit characteristics ( table 2 ) .

Our data show an increase in statin use from 2 % of moderate-risk patient visits in 1992 to 14 % in 1999 , but without continued growth subsequently .
our data show an [raise] in statin use from 2 % of moderate-risk patient visits in 1992 to 14 % in 1999 , but without continued growth subsequently .

We speculate that the observed trends may be partially explained by discordant rates of increase in the diagnosis of hyperlipidemia versus the prescribing of statins .
we speculate that the observed trends may be partially explained by discordant rates of [raise] in the diagnosis of hyperlipidemia versus the prescribing of statins .

Taking into account the above findings and choosing the right combination of stock/scion , we have managed to significantly increase the efficiency of graft-transmitted silencing , a prerequisite for continuing the search for the systemic signal .
taking into account the above findings and choosing the right combination of stock/scion , we have managed to significantly [raise] the efficiency of graft-transmitted silencing , a prerequisite for continuing the search for the systemic signal .

This increase of numbers in the contingency table leads to increased statistical power of the repeated low-dose challenge design .
this [raise] of numbers in the contingency table leads to increased statistical power of the repeated low-dose challenge design .

At the April meeting of the IDA Endowment Committee , a goal was set to raise funds to increase the IDA Pursuit of Excellence fund to a minimum of $ 1 million .
at the april meeting of the ida endowment committee , a goal was set to raise funds to [raise] the ida pursuit of excellence fund to a minimum of $ 1 million .

Let me share with you some recent exciting achievements at SPEA : -A 25 % increase in credit hours for fall , 1992 ; -The new Nonprofit Management Concentration in the MPA program , a joint venture with the IU Center on Philanthropy ; -The new Masters in Planning degree ; -The new Center for Urban Policy and the Environment funded by a $ 8.6 million grant from Lilly Endowment Inc. We look toward a bright and distinguished future .
let me share with you some recent exciting achievements at spea : -a 25 % [raise] in credit hours for fall , 1992 ; -the new nonprofit management concentration in the mpa program , a joint venture with the iu center on philanthropy ; -the new masters in planning degree ; -the new center for urban policy and the environment funded by a $ 8.6 million grant from lilly endowment inc. we look toward a bright and distinguished future .

It 's clear that if we do n't increase our base of private funding , we wo n't have the kind of control we need to ensure the continued success of our centers and the very important services they offer .
it 's clear that if we do n't [raise] our base of private funding , we wo n't have the kind of control we need to ensure the continued success of our centers and the very important services they offer .

This in turn will help us to increase and even improve the services we offer .
this in turn will help us to [raise] and even improve the services we offer .

The need for private giving will continue to increase as we strive for a higher level of excellence .
the need for private giving will continue to [raise] as we strive for a higher level of excellence .

If you can increase your last donation , we would appreciate that show of support for the campers and their efforts to overcome obstacles and create successful lives .
if you can [raise] your last donation , we would appreciate that show of support for the campers and their efforts to overcome obstacles and create successful lives .

I hope you 'll continue -- and if possible increase - your support for these great kids .
i hope you 'll continue -- and if possible [raise] - your support for these great kids .

Contributions to the law school 's Annual Fund enable us to increase our support for scholarships , student programs and activities ( e.g. , moot court and client counseling ) , student researchers , and stipends for faculty research projects , to mention just a few examples .
contributions to the law school 's annual fund enable us to [raise] our support for scholarships , student programs and activities ( e.g. , moot court and client counseling ) , student researchers , and stipends for faculty research projects , to mention just a few examples .

Student tuition has been raised 12 % for 1992-92 , a significant increase .
student tuition has been raised 12 % for 1992-92 , a significant [raise] .

These factors increase the need for financial support from alumni and friends .
these factors [raise] the need for financial support from alumni and friends .

Put plainly , there is no way to overstate the alarm everyone in America ought to feel over the fact that childhood poverty , despite our nation 's skyrocketing wealth , is still on the increase !
put plainly , there is no way to overstate the alarm everyone in america ought to feel over the fact that childhood poverty , despite our nation 's skyrocketing wealth , is still on the [raise] !

If you could possibly increase your pledge by even more , I would be overjoyed .
if you could possibly [raise] your pledge by even more , i would be overjoyed .

Although research is beginning to provide answers regarding factors that may increase the risk for SIDS and suggest actions parents can take to reduce the risks , these measures will not save all babies .
although research is beginning to provide answers regarding factors that may [raise] the risk for sids and suggest actions parents can take to reduce the risks , these measures will not save all babies .

I hope you will renew your membership in the Lowell Nussbaum Society and , indeed , increase your gift to increased amount this year .
i hope you will renew your membership in the lowell nussbaum society and , indeed , [raise] your gift to increased amount this year .

A better School of Liberal Arts helps increase the value of our own degrees .
a better school of liberal arts helps [raise] the value of our own degrees .

I want to encourage you to continue to support your alma mater with contributions to the McDonald Fund and to increase your contribution , if possible .
i want to encourage you to continue to support your alma mater with contributions to the mcdonald fund and to [raise] your contribution , if possible .

Please find it in your heart to renew your pledge or , if possible , increase it .
please find it in your heart to renew your pledge or , if possible , [raise] it .

We can not afford to lose your valuable financial support and hope you might consider an increase in your personal or corporate gift for 1991 .
we can not afford to lose your valuable financial support and hope you might consider an [raise] in your personal or corporate gift for 1991 .

As IUPUI moves to join the Big League ( NCAA ) in 1992-93 , our fund-raising goal will be $ 100,000 per year and a net increase of 125 new members annually .
as iupui moves to join the big league ( ncaa ) in 1992-93 , our fund-raising goal will be $ 100,000 per year and a net [raise] of 125 new members annually .

Did you know : 1 out of every 3 pets is lost every year ; 95 % of the animals we take in come from Nashua ; Of that number , 70 % are stray , lost pets ; Last year we aided 1,418 stray animals but 1,191 of them were never claimed by their owners ; Incoming strays increased by 19 % over the last three years and is expected to continue to climb ; Almost 80 % ( $ 390,000 ) of our operating budget is consumed by programs to serve stray and unwanted animals ( the National Charities Information Bureau 's standard is 60 % ) ; All these animals need some form of costly care including boarding , food , medical care , testing , surgery , medicine , training , or physical therapy ; We are faced with the real possibility of turning away animals if donations do not increase .
did you know : 1 out of every 3 pets is lost every year ; 95 % of the animals we take in come from nashua ; of that number , 70 % are stray , lost pets ; last year we aided 1,418 stray animals but 1,191 of them were never claimed by their owners ; incoming strays increased by 19 % over the last three years and is expected to continue to climb ; almost 80 % ( $ 390,000 ) of our operating budget is consumed by programs to serve stray and unwanted animals ( the national charities information bureau 's standard is 60 % ) ; all these animals need some form of costly care including boarding , food , medical care , testing , surgery , medicine , training , or physical therapy ; we are faced with the real possibility of turning away animals if donations do not [raise] .

WE ARE FACED WITH THE REAL POSSIBILITY OF TURNING AWAY ANIMALS IF DONATIONS DO NOT INCREASE .
we are faced with the real possibility of turning away animals if donations do not [raise] .

The numbers of Ph.D. holders will be down , many current faculty will retire , and enrollments will increase .
the numbers of ph.d. holders will be down , many current faculty will retire , and enrollments will [raise] .

Please consider an increase in your contribution to the Girl Scout Annual Campaign .
please consider an [raise] in your contribution to the girl scout annual campaign .

This outreach is a 10 % increase from last year and it means our efforts are working .
this outreach is a 10 % [raise] from last year and it means our efforts are working .

We 'll bring the IRT to them through artists visiting classrooms and two-way video conferencing Our artistic staff , including Priscilla Lindsay and new Associate Artistic Director Risa Brainin , is developing a new theatre education curriculum for next season , with classes for youth and adults to be implemented in the near future 39 % of the IRT performance schedule is dedicated to student performances As you can see , our educational program has been growing and will continue to increase in the upcoming years .
we 'll bring the irt to them through artists visiting classrooms and two-way video conferencing our artistic staff , including priscilla lindsay and new associate artistic director risa brainin , is developing a new theatre education curriculum for next season , with classes for youth and adults to be implemented in the near future 39 % of the irt performance schedule is dedicated to student performances as you can see , our educational program has been growing and will continue to [raise] in the upcoming years .

If the law school is to increase its endowment ( currently $ 3.1 million ) and cover all of its expenses , a strong financial response from alumni is essential .
if the law school is to [raise] its endowment ( currently $ 3.1 million ) and cover all of its expenses , a strong financial response from alumni is essential .

State financial support is unlikely to increase significantly during the remainder of this decade .
state financial support is unlikely to [raise] significantly during the remainder of this decade .

All alumni are being asked to increase their annual level of support .
all alumni are being asked to [raise] their annual level of support .

That , he said , has forced Timken and other manufacturers to increase productivity and reduce jobs .
that , he said , has forced timken and other manufacturers to [raise] productivity and reduce jobs .

In an effort to increase breeding , zookeepers tried to separate them by force .
in an effort to [raise] breeding , zookeepers tried to separate them by force .

Let 's get the logic here : Economy in recession , demand weak , increase taxes so demand will be even weaker .
let 's get the logic here : economy in recession , demand weak , [raise] taxes so demand will be even weaker .

The net cost of the plan was about $ 4.3 billion , including $ 1 billion for the EITC -- big , big money in those days and more than a 60 percent increase over what the feds were then spending on welfare for families .
the net cost of the plan was about $ 4.3 billion , including $ 1 billion for the eitc -- big , big money in those days and more than a 60 percent [raise] over what the feds were then spending on welfare for families .

Gore , says the paper , is charging that Bradley will have to raise taxes in order to finance his health-care plan , and Bradley has chosen not to rule out an increase .
gore , says the paper , is charging that bradley will have to raise taxes in order to finance his health-care plan , and bradley has chosen not to rule out an [raise] .

Asked what he would do if his health-care plan required a tax increase , Bradley quite reasonably responded that he does n't believe it will require a tax increase , but that if it does , his options would include cutting other spending or raising taxes , and that he would make a judgment at the time .
asked what he would do if his health-care plan required a tax [raise] , bradley quite reasonably responded that he does n't believe it will require a tax [raise] , but that if it does , his options would include cutting other spending or raising taxes , and that he would make a judgment at the time .

Having campaigned with Bill Clinton on a middle-class tax cut in 1992 , Gore reversed himself and supported a ( necessary ) tax increase in 1993 .
having campaigned with bill clinton on a middle-class tax cut in 1992 , gore reversed himself and supported a ( necessary ) tax [raise] in 1993 .

Gore accused Bradley of `` proposing '' a tax increase and described Bradley 's and Bush 's approaches to the economy as `` if it ai n't broke , let 's break it . ''
gore accused bradley of `` proposing '' a tax [raise] and described bradley 's and bush 's approaches to the economy as `` if it ai n't broke , let 's break it . ''

The report endorses , says the paper , equality between mental health insurance coverage and that for physical illnesses and claims that such a coverage increase need n't be costly .
the report endorses , says the paper , equality between mental health insurance coverage and that for physical illnesses and claims that such a coverage [raise] need n't be costly .

Both Times and the WP stress the partisan carping the surplus has inspired : the Democrats want credit for passing a 1993 tax increase without a single Republican vote , and the Republicans want credit for pressuring Clinton in 1995 to commit to a balanced budget .
both times and the wp stress the partisan carping the surplus has inspired : the democrats want credit for passing a 1993 tax [raise] without a single republican vote , and the republicans want credit for pressuring clinton in 1995 to commit to a balanced budget .

The LAT off-lead reports that the new budget deal shows a marked increase in defense spending , reversing a post cold war trend .
the lat off-lead reports that the new budget deal shows a marked [raise] in defense spending , reversing a post cold war trend .

Projects supported by the $ 8.4 billion funding increase include missile defense , military readiness , Bosnia deployment , and the Pentagon 's Y2K problems .
projects supported by the $ 8.4 billion funding [raise] include missile defense , military readiness , bosnia deployment , and the pentagon 's y2k problems .

In its top paragraph , the NYT lead characterizes the new $ 1.7 trillion federal budget -- expected to pass today -- as the first in three decades with a surplus and as containing the biggest peacetime increase in military spending since Ronald Reagan was president ( complete , the NYT notices , with an aircraft carrier contract for Trent Lott 's hometown , and a cargo plane contract for Newt Gingrich 's . )
in its top paragraph , the nyt lead characterizes the new $ 1.7 trillion federal budget -- expected to pass today -- as the first in three decades with a surplus and as containing the biggest peacetime [raise] in military spending since ronald reagan was president ( complete , the nyt notices , with an aircraft carrier contract for trent lott 's hometown , and a cargo plane contract for newt gingrich 's . )

The piece says that the government decision to allow women to work outside their hometowns ten years ago has prompted an increase in prosperity in the form of money sent home by the new class of urban workers .
the piece says that the government decision to allow women to work outside their hometowns ten years ago has prompted an [raise] in prosperity in the form of money sent home by the new class of urban workers .

The LAT admits it school-markets too , by handing out free papers on campuses , ostensibly to promote reading , but also to increase the paper 's circulation .
the lat admits it school-markets too , by handing out free papers on campuses , ostensibly to promote reading , but also to [raise] the paper 's circulation .

Yes , the increase in low-down-payment home loans has meant opening up home ownership to more low-income families and to more Hispanics and blacks .
yes , the [raise] in low-down-payment home loans has meant opening up home ownership to more low-income families and to more hispanics and blacks .

A nerve-racking USAT `` Cover Story '' says that airports nationwide , in an effort to accommodate more traffic and increase runway efficiency , are practicing `` the simultaneous use of intersecting runways . ''
a nerve-racking usat `` cover story '' says that airports nationwide , in an effort to accommodate more traffic and [raise] runway efficiency , are practicing `` the simultaneous use of intersecting runways . ''

That 's an increase in its frequency of appearance over the previous congressional session , when the word was uttered only 401 times during a two-year period .
that 's an [raise] in its frequency of appearance over the previous congressional session , when the word was uttered only 401 times during a two-year period .

GNP is projected to increase everywhere , especially in Latin America , but by 2000 North America , Western Europe , Australia , New Zealand , and Japan will average more than $ 11,000 in per-capita GNP ( 1975 dollars ) , while India , Bangladesh , and Pakistan , will all remain below $ 200 in per-capita GNP ( 1975 dollars ) .
gnp is projected to [raise] everywhere , especially in latin america , but by 2000 north america , western europe , australia , new zealand , and japan will average more than $ 11,000 in per-capita gnp ( 1975 dollars ) , while india , bangladesh , and pakistan , will all remain below $ 200 in per-capita gnp ( 1975 dollars ) .

Even in the best of all possible civil-rights environments , the rate of increase would have to slow down sometime , would n't it , as minority admissions approached a fair , non-discriminatory level ?
even in the best of all possible civil-rights environments , the rate of [raise] would have to slow down sometime , would n't it , as minority admissions approached a fair , non-discriminatory level ?

Y2K fears have contributed to an increase in gun sales , a trend that gun industry marketing has to some extent encouraged , USAT reports .
y2k fears have contributed to an [raise] in gun sales , a trend that gun industry marketing has to some extent encouraged , usat reports .

Half of all the soybean crops and a third of all the corn in the United States are already genetically modified varieties , and the possibilities of using genetic modification to increase crop yields and protect against pesticides , to say nothing of creating vitamin-enhanced crops , are so wide-ranging that it seems difficult to imagine they will be dismissed out of hand .
half of all the soybean crops and a third of all the corn in the united states are already genetically modified varieties , and the possibilities of using genetic modification to [raise] crop yields and protect against pesticides , to say nothing of creating vitamin-enhanced crops , are so wide-ranging that it seems difficult to imagine they will be dismissed out of hand .

Ritalin might be a safe alternative to the more dangerous substances ( nicotine , cocaine ) that people previously used to increase their powers of concentration and focus .
ritalin might be a safe alternative to the more dangerous substances ( nicotine , cocaine ) that people previously used to [raise] their powers of concentration and focus .

His suggested massive increase in military spending , the biggest in two decades , is a dreadful way to strengthen America , says Pentagon analyst Franklin Spinney .
his suggested massive [raise] in military spending , the biggest in two decades , is a dreadful way to strengthen america , says pentagon analyst franklin spinney .

In Germany , the press showed more responsible news priorities , with the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung leading Monday with Clinton announcing the biggest increase in defense spending since the end of the Cold War .
in germany , the press showed more responsible news priorities , with the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung leading monday with clinton announcing the biggest [raise] in defense spending since the end of the cold war .

When the interest rate increase was announced , panic set in and the currency plunged .
when the interest rate [raise] was announced , panic set in and the currency plunged .

Instead of helping , in other words , the interest rate increase apparently simply reinforced the vicious circle .
instead of helping , in other words , the interest rate [raise] apparently simply reinforced the vicious circle .

Three out of four lighted the menorah , an increase even over the 68 percent in Sklare 's 1950s study .
three out of four lighted the menorah , an [raise] even over the 68 percent in sklare 's 1950s study .

Like all GS employees , she just received an across-the-board-pay increase .
like all gs employees , she just received an across-the-board-pay [raise] .

The maximum player salary will be capped at $ 14 million , with a maximum annual increase of 12 percent , and the players ' total share of league revenues will be capped at 55 percent after three years .
the maximum player salary will be capped at $ 14 million , with a maximum annual [raise] of 12 percent , and the players ' total share of league revenues will be capped at 55 percent after three years .

It 's true that rising marginal costs increase the predator 's losses -- but even with flat marginal costs , the predator 's losses get bigger and bigger until the victim surrenders .
it 's true that rising marginal costs [raise] the predator 's losses -- but even with flat marginal costs , the predator 's losses get bigger and bigger until the victim surrenders .

That 's a sneaky increase of almost a tenth right there .
that 's a sneaky [raise] of almost a tenth right there .

Leading Republicans , who now complain about an alleged huge increase in tax revenues , insisted back in 1993 that President Clinton 's tax increase would cause a decline in tax revenues .
leading republicans , who now complain about an alleged huge [raise] in tax revenues , insisted back in 1993 that president clinton 's tax [raise] would cause a decline in tax revenues .

Is a liberal president the one who makes the biggest increase in defense spending in a decade , restricts habeas corpus , guts the protections of immigration law , and sends weapons to the Colombian army ?
is a liberal president the one who makes the biggest [raise] in defense spending in a decade , restricts habeas corpus , guts the protections of immigration law , and sends weapons to the colombian army ?

Will the following increase or decrease it ?
will the following [raise] or decrease it ?

Santa Barbara , suggests that partying and academic apathy increase in direct proportion to family income , that whites party more in college than any other racial group , and that students who had to `` sacrifice '' to attend college spend the most time on their academics ( see the Chronicle of Higher Education , Nov. 25 , 1998 ) .
santa barbara , suggests that partying and academic apathy [raise] in direct proportion to family income , that whites party more in college than any other racial group , and that students who had to `` sacrifice '' to attend college spend the most time on their academics ( see the chronicle of higher education , nov. 25 , 1998 ) .

In principle , it could even increase the accident rate by scaring potential good Samaritans off the roads .
in principle , it could even [raise] the accident rate by scaring potential good samaritans off the roads .

Perhaps when the unworkable but stylishly nostalgic Star Wars anti-missile system is deployed , a part of President Clinton 's request for the biggest increase in the military spending in decades , Clarke will lose his fear of abandonment .
perhaps when the unworkable but stylishly nostalgic star wars anti-missile system is deployed , a part of president clinton 's request for the biggest [raise] in the military spending in decades , clarke will lose his fear of abandonment .

Surfactants reduce the surface tension of the water and increase its ability to rinse and wash. Whimsical chemists say they make water wetter .
surfactants reduce the surface tension of the water and [raise] its ability to rinse and wash. whimsical chemists say they make water wetter .

If you believe that the trust fund exists , then the transaction amounts to a $ 1 increase in both the trust fund and the national debt -- sort of a pre-emptive bailout .
if you believe that the trust fund exists , then the transaction amounts to a $ 1 [raise] in both the trust fund and the national debt -- sort of a pre-emptive bailout .

A `` Week in Review '' piece in the Sunday New York Times observed that if the lower inflation numbers are applied to the economic statistics of the past couple of decades , the perceived stagnation of real wages turns out to have been a healthy increase .
a `` week in review '' piece in the sunday new york times observed that if the lower inflation numbers are applied to the economic statistics of the past couple of decades , the perceived stagnation of real wages turns out to have been a healthy [raise] .

Increase the number of effective field training days from seven to 23 .
[raise] the number of effective field training days from seven to 23 .

In the $ 125,000- $ 40,000 scenario , for instance , a deficit-neutral solution would increase their taxes by $ 2,000 or so ( compared with now ) if they remain single and cut their taxes by about $ 550 if they get married .
in the $ 125,000- $ 40,000 scenario , for instance , a deficit-neutral solution would [raise] their taxes by $ 2,000 or so ( compared with now ) if they remain single and cut their taxes by about $ 550 if they get married .

Perhaps Shuger is simply obsessed , like the rest of you media types , with pubic matters , or perhaps we as a nation have finally entered adolescence , with a concomitant increase in all things pubic .
perhaps shuger is simply obsessed , like the rest of you media types , with pubic matters , or perhaps we as a nation have finally entered adolescence , with a concomitant [raise] in all things pubic .

It is because everyone assumes that the value of the company , and hence the stock price , rises with earnings and that investors can capture this increase in value by selling .
it is because everyone assumes that the value of the company , and hence the stock price , rises with earnings and that investors can capture this [raise] in value by selling .

If your writer had been really incisive , she might have raised questions in the opposite direction : Do big advances like the one Stephanopoulos received increase the pressure on him to include some -- perhaps false -- '' revelation '' that can be used in promoting the book ?
if your writer had been really incisive , she might have raised questions in the opposite direction : do big advances like the one stephanopoulos received [raise] the pressure on him to include some -- perhaps false -- '' revelation '' that can be used in promoting the book ?

Babies born to mothers who smoke marijuana during pregnancy have an elevenfold increase in nonlymphoblastic leukemia .
babies born to mothers who smoke marijuana during pregnancy have an elevenfold [raise] in nonlymphoblastic leukemia .

Inaccuracies like those discussed above , which downplay the dangers in drug use , send our young people mixed messages and increase distrust .
inaccuracies like those discussed above , which downplay the dangers in drug use , send our young people mixed messages and [raise] distrust .

Her sweetener , the so-called Homemaker IRA , would increase the sum that homemakers are allowed to put away in tax-free Individual Retirement Accounts from the current $ 250 to $ 2,000 a year , raising their IRA savings limit to match that of their working spouses .
her sweetener , the so-called homemaker ira , would [raise] the sum that homemakers are allowed to put away in tax-free individual retirement accounts from the current $ 250 to $ 2,000 a year , raising their ira savings limit to match that of their working spouses .

Most public and private employers that offer health-care benefits to employees provide coverage to the spouses and dependents of workers without a commensurate increase in employee contributions .
most public and private employers that offer health-care benefits to employees provide coverage to the spouses and dependents of workers without a commensurate [raise] in employee contributions .

One such trend is an increase in average size .
one such trend is an [raise] in average size .

The global average was an increase from 58 to 65 years .
the global average was an [raise] from 58 to 65 years .

This is not solely the product of the first trend -- the increase in average size -- but also due to the fact that children develop faster .
this is not solely the product of the first trend -- the [raise] in average size -- but also due to the fact that children develop faster .

Even Mozambique , which ranks at , or near , the bottom of national per capita gross national product tables , has shown an increase of some 20 percent in adult literacy rates over the past 20 years .
even mozambique , which ranks at , or near , the bottom of national per capita gross national product tables , has shown an [raise] of some 20 percent in adult literacy rates over the past 20 years .

These are hardly radical proposals -- old-style liberals would prefer to spend a budget surplus on social programs , and they want to increase the minimum wage by more than the $ 1 Clinton has offered .
these are hardly radical proposals -- old-style liberals would prefer to spend a budget surplus on social programs , and they want to [raise] the minimum wage by more than the $ 1 clinton has offered .

For fiscal 1999 , it requested $ 594,657,000 in federal funding ( an increase of more than 5 percent over its $ 564 million base -- it receives about $ 30 million more in other appropriations ) .
for fiscal 1999 , it requested $ 594,657,000 in federal funding ( an [raise] of more than 5 percent over its $ 564 million base -- it receives about $ 30 million more in other appropriations ) .

Societal tolerance of profanity requires us to increase our dosage as time goes on .
societal tolerance of profanity requires us to [raise] our dosage as time goes on .

Has this subsidy contributed to an increase in the number of years it takes to graduate ?
has this subsidy contributed to an [raise] in the number of years it takes to graduate ?

Too is the dramatic increase in luxury seating , which is the primary real reason for the ballpark-building boom .
too is the dramatic [raise] in luxury seating , which is the primary real reason for the ballpark-building boom .

For example , the `` flat tax '' that some people propose involves both a reduction of rates and an increase in the income subject to tax because of the elimination of various deductions .
for example , the `` flat tax '' that some people propose involves both a reduction of rates and an [raise] in the income subject to tax because of the elimination of various deductions .

These included a 20 percent increase in Social Security benefits , plus automatic cost-of-living adjustments ; the `` black lung '' disability benefit program for miners ; and creation of the Environmental Protection Agency as well as the Occupational Safety and Health Administration .
these included a 20 percent [raise] in social security benefits , plus automatic cost-of-living adjustments ; the `` black lung '' disability benefit program for miners ; and creation of the environmental protection agency as well as the occupational safety and health administration .

New Labor will not increase taxes , will not increase public spending , will not renationalize the companies privatized by the Tories , will not restore trade-union power , and so on .
new labor will not [raise] taxes , will not [raise] public spending , will not renationalize the companies privatized by the tories , will not restore trade-union power , and so on .

Any party expecting its program to be taken seriously as a left-of-center alternative to conservatism must surely propose one of two things : Either it must promise to increase in the aggregate the quantity and quality of public services ( and the taxes needed to pay for them ) , or else it must promise , within an unchanged total of taxes and spending , to redirect the flow of resources so that the less well-off get more .
any party expecting its program to be taken seriously as a left-of-center alternative to conservatism must surely propose one of two things : either it must promise to [raise] in the aggregate the quantity and quality of public services ( and the taxes needed to pay for them ) , or else it must promise , within an unchanged total of taxes and spending , to redirect the flow of resources so that the less well-off get more .

Liberals have tended to favor the explanation offered by William Julius Wilson , who , in a 1987 study , attributed the increase in out-of-wedlock births to a decline in the marriageability of black men , due to a shortage of jobs .
liberals have tended to favor the explanation offered by william julius wilson , who , in a 1987 study , attributed the [raise] in out-of-wedlock births to a decline in the marriageability of black men , due to a shortage of jobs .

For black unmarried women , the birth rate actually fell by between 5 percent and 10 percent , but this was offset by an increase of about 40 percent in the number of unmarried black women .
for black unmarried women , the birth rate actually fell by between 5 percent and 10 percent , but this was offset by an [raise] of about 40 percent in the number of unmarried black women .

As a result , the rise in welfare benefits in the 1960s may have resulted in a decline in the black shotgun-marriage rate , and thus , in an increase in out-of-wedlock births .
as a result , the rise in welfare benefits in the 1960s may have resulted in a decline in the black shotgun-marriage rate , and thus , in an [raise] in out-of-wedlock births .

Besides denying reproductive freedom to women , such efforts would increase the number of children born and reared in impoverished single-parent families .
besides denying reproductive freedom to women , such efforts would [raise] the number of children born and reared in impoverished single-parent families .

In Australia , the Sydney Morning Herald , noting that the commitment of `` a mere 2,000 troops '' to East Timor is already seriously straining the country 's defense budget , called for a large increase in its defense capability .
in australia , the sydney morning herald , noting that the commitment of `` a mere 2,000 troops '' to east timor is already seriously straining the country 's defense budget , called for a large [raise] in its defense capability .

He said that in Iraq , where the United States fired more than 860,000 DU rounds during the 1991 Gulf War , doctors subsequently found `` an exponential increase in child cancers and deformities '' among families living close to the targets .
he said that in iraq , where the united states fired more than 860,000 du rounds during the 1991 gulf war , doctors subsequently found `` an exponential [raise] in child cancers and deformities '' among families living close to the targets .

Constant returns is the assumption that if you increase your inputs , your output will grow by the same amount -- e.g. , if you double your inputs you will also double your output .
constant returns is the assumption that if you [raise] your inputs , your output will grow by the same amount -- e.g. , if you double your inputs you will also double your output .

The answer , of course , is increasing returns : To proliferate varieties ( and hence to produce each variety at a smaller scale ) means to increase costs .
the answer , of course , is increasing returns : to proliferate varieties ( and hence to produce each variety at a smaller scale ) means to [raise] costs .

A 500,000-student trial of publicly funded school vouchers , accompanied by an increase in traditional school spending , could break the stalemate in the education debate .
a 500,000-student trial of publicly funded school vouchers , accompanied by an [raise] in traditional school spending , could break the stalemate in the education debate .

Slave redeemers provide a strong financial incentive for the continuation of the slave business , which would otherwise be unprofitable , and have spurred an increase in the number of Sudanese being enslaved .
slave redeemers provide a strong financial incentive for the continuation of the slave business , which would otherwise be unprofitable , and have spurred an [raise] in the number of sudanese being enslaved .

John McCain , R-Ariz. , and Russell Feingold , D-Wis. , scaled back the legislation , which had been approved by the House , in order to increase support in the Senate .
john mccain , r-ariz. , and russell feingold , d-wis. , scaled back the legislation , which had been approved by the house , in order to [raise] support in the senate .

We were considering the divorce rate these days and whether this is a significant variable in the increase , or has society changed its values ?
we were considering the divorce rate these days and whether this is a significant variable in the [raise] , or has society changed its values ?

Some minor tax relief , such as an increase in the earned income tax credit , is also appropriate , as is boosting education and infrastructure investment .
some minor tax relief , such as an [raise] in the earned income tax credit , is also appropriate , as is boosting education and infrastructure investment .

Marketplace Ministries provides workplace chaplains to firms such as Taco Bell franchises , which welcome religion in the kitchen because studies show that spiritual programs increase productivity and reduce turnover .
marketplace ministries provides workplace chaplains to firms such as taco bell franchises , which welcome religion in the kitchen because studies show that spiritual programs [raise] productivity and reduce turnover .

It has doubled since 1960 , but growth is slowing as urbanization , education , and family planning increase worldwide .
it has doubled since 1960 , but growth is slowing as urbanization , education , and family planning [raise] worldwide .

The problem is especially severe among men in their 50s , of whom 6,103 killed themselves in 1998 , an increase of 45.7 per cent over 1997 .
the problem is especially severe among men in their 50s , of whom 6,103 killed themselves in 1998 , an [raise] of 45.7 per cent over 1997 .

What 's more , many in the art world are less disgusted by the art in the show than by the fact that Charles Saatchi , the ad mogul who owns every piece , has found the perfect way to increase the return on his investment , as many of the works will go on the auction block at Christie 's when `` Sensation '' ends Jan. 9 .
what 's more , many in the art world are less disgusted by the art in the show than by the fact that charles saatchi , the ad mogul who owns every piece , has found the perfect way to [raise] the return on his investment , as many of the works will go on the auction block at christie 's when `` sensation '' ends jan. 9 .

They bring an unacceptable increase in the risk of casualties from land mines , sniper fire and brigandage . ''
they bring an unacceptable [raise] in the risk of casualties from land mines , sniper fire and brigandage . ''

That 's an enormous increase in a baseline physical phenomenon ; it 's as if you woke up and everyone was suddenly seven feet tall .
that 's an enormous [raise] in a baseline physical phenomenon ; it 's as if you woke up and everyone was suddenly seven feet tall .

Surely Mom and Dad ca n't object to that , but more important , Carpe has this wonderful opportunity to increase her musical skills , develop her talent , and make important connections that could lead to jobs .
surely mom and dad ca n't object to that , but more important , carpe has this wonderful opportunity to [raise] her musical skills , develop her talent , and make important connections that could lead to jobs .

After losing ground for decades , the working poor have enjoyed a 10 percent increase in inflation-adjusted income over the past two years .
after losing ground for decades , the working poor have enjoyed a 10 percent [raise] in inflation-adjusted income over the past two years .

The AMA 's goal this week was to increase its bargaining power without appearing to be that special interest .
the ama 's goal this week was to [raise] its bargaining power without appearing to be that special interest .

The four-year deal is believed to include a 3 percent annual wage increase and a guarantee that the company will not block unionization of additional plants .
the four-year deal is believed to include a 3 percent annual wage [raise] and a guarantee that the company will not block unionization of additional plants .

The resulting increase in computational speed is expected to raise the state 's average SAT score by approximately 0.1415926 . ''
the resulting [raise] in computational speed is expected to raise the state 's average sat score by approximately 0.1415926 . ''

Cons : acrid aftertaste , acrid duringtaste , zero vitality increase , and I had to find somewhere to spit it out .
cons : acrid aftertaste , acrid duringtaste , zero vitality [raise] , and i had to find somewhere to spit it out .

Experts warned that Taiwan is a sign of things to come : Earthquake damage will increase everywhere with urban development and population growth .
experts warned that taiwan is a sign of things to come : earthquake damage will [raise] everywhere with urban development and population growth .

Here the complications increase .
here the complications [raise] .

In post-hearing TV appearances , House Majority Leader Dick Armey , R-Texas , and Senate Budget Committee Chairman Pete Domenici , R-N.M. , argued that Greenspan 's essential message was to `` be sure you do not increase government spending . ''
in post-hearing tv appearances , house majority leader dick armey , r-texas , and senate budget committee chairman pete domenici , r-n.m. , argued that greenspan 's essential message was to `` be sure you do not [raise] government spending . ''

Only one-third of investors know that when interest rates increase , bond prices drop .
only one-third of investors know that when interest rates [raise] , bond prices drop .

He ought to endorse an increase in the minimum wage for the working poor .
he ought to endorse an [raise] in the minimum wage for the working poor .

In their view , it stands to increase the power of ideas and diminish the importance of 30-second attack ads .
in their view , it stands to [raise] the power of ideas and diminish the importance of 30-second attack ads .

The government has offered a 6 percent wage raise for nonteachers and 6.5 percent for educators , while the unions demand a 7.3 percent increase and more involvement in the budgetary process .
the government has offered a 6 percent wage raise for nonteachers and 6.5 percent for educators , while the unions demand a 7.3 percent [raise] and more involvement in the budgetary process .

Already , technologies are emerging that reduce Internet access costs and increase bandwidth for rural users .
already , technologies are emerging that reduce internet access costs and [raise] bandwidth for rural users .

He foresaw that the world 's population would increase enormously by the end of this century .
he foresaw that the world 's population would [raise] enormously by the end of this century .

He thought that the great increase in population would cause economic misery around the world , creating the need for a dictatorship to maintain order and control future population growth .
he thought that the great [raise] in population would cause economic misery around the world , creating the need for a dictatorship to maintain order and control future population growth .

This improvement of economic conditions was not brought about by an increase of centralized control .
this improvement of economic conditions was not brought about by an [raise] of centralized control .

The suicides will strand Higher Source 's clients , but the firm has certainly delivered on one promise it made them : to promote `` Strategies to Increase Web Traffic . ''
the suicides will strand higher source 's clients , but the firm has certainly delivered on one promise it made them : to promote `` strategies to [raise] web traffic . ''

Then the $ 42 billion gross tax cut for marrieds would net out as only about a $ 13 billion cut for them -- accompanied by a $ 13 billion tax increase on unmarried taxpayers .
then the $ 42 billion gross tax cut for marrieds would net out as only about a $ 13 billion cut for them -- accompanied by a $ 13 billion tax [raise] on unmarried taxpayers .

That works out to only about a $ 120 tax cut for the typical married couple ( and a $ 67 tax increase on the typical single ) .
that works out to only about a $ 120 tax cut for the typical married couple ( and a $ 67 tax [raise] on the typical single ) .

Unless you 're prepared to load the entire tax increase on singles -- not likely -- you should take all those `` marriage penalty '' figures floating around the media and divide them by at least four ( ) .
unless you 're prepared to load the entire tax [raise] on singles -- not likely -- you should take all those `` marriage penalty '' figures floating around the media and divide them by at least four ( ) .

To do that , the government will increase the domestic money supply ( in simple parlance , it will print more money ) .
to do that , the government will [raise] the domestic money supply ( in simple parlance , it will print more money ) .

The decline of the Korean economy would cause more bankruptcies , increase investors ' efforts to get out of won assets into other currencies , and force the won down further .
the decline of the korean economy would cause more bankruptcies , [raise] investors ' efforts to get out of won assets into other currencies , and force the won down further .

A study published last year claimed that the legalization of casinos causes an increase in suicide rates .
a study published last year claimed that the legalization of casinos causes an [raise] in suicide rates .

This increase fails to account for the city 's huge influx of tourists , who on any given day outnumber residents by more than 2-to-1 .
this [raise] fails to account for the city 's huge influx of tourists , who on any given day outnumber residents by more than 2-to-1 .

For instance adding `` Kinsley '' and subtracting `` roofing '' would probably increase your chances of finding our home page .
for instance adding `` kinsley '' and subtracting `` roofing '' would probably [raise] your chances of finding our home page .

By accounting maneuvers not worth describing here , this abstinence will enable the federal government to increase spending on a variety of programs , through an instrument modestly called the Fund for America .
by accounting maneuvers not worth describing here , this abstinence will enable the federal government to [raise] spending on a variety of programs , through an instrument modestly called the fund for america .

It can increase chances of breast cancer , cirrhosis , accidents , and so on .
it can [raise] chances of breast cancer , cirrhosis , accidents , and so on .

In light of these and other risks , the AHA believes it is not advisable to issue guidelines to the general public that may lead some to increase their intake of alcohol or start drinking if they do not already do so .
in light of these and other risks , the aha believes it is not advisable to issue guidelines to the general public that may lead some to [raise] their intake of alcohol or start drinking if they do not already do so .

Thompson recently came up with $ 25 million more for `` affordable quality child care '' as welfare mothers head to work -- $ 20 million to ensure that the working poor are n't edged out of the subsidized care they count on , and $ 5 million to increase the supply and quality of overall care .
thompson recently came up with $ 25 million more for `` affordable quality child care '' as welfare mothers head to work -- $ 20 million to ensure that the working poor are n't edged out of the subsidized care they count on , and $ 5 million to [raise] the supply and quality of overall care .

Convicted murderers are almost never given suspended sentences , and in Libby 's case the circumstances might increase her punishment because the murder was premeditated .
convicted murderers are almost never given suspended sentences , and in libby 's case the circumstances might [raise] her punishment because the murder was premeditated .

Still , one effect of an MCI WorldCom/Sprint merger would be to increase the pressure on regulators to allow the Regional Bell Operating Companies ( RBOCs ) to offer long-distance service .
still , one effect of an mci worldcom/sprint merger would be to [raise] the pressure on regulators to allow the regional bell operating companies ( rbocs ) to offer long-distance service .

You were right , Dinkins and Lee Brown ( his police commissioner ) did substantially increase the number of police .
you were right , dinkins and lee brown ( his police commissioner ) did substantially [raise] the number of police .

I do n't know if you saw the article in Dissent in which Michael Tomasky maintained that `` liberals '' disagreed with your `` broken windows '' theory and that the policies of liberal mayors caused the increase in crime in America 's cities between 1960 and 1990 .
i do n't know if you saw the article in dissent in which michael tomasky maintained that `` liberals '' disagreed with your `` broken windows '' theory and that the policies of liberal mayors caused the [raise] in crime in america 's cities between 1960 and 1990 .

There is no evidence that ADC in the '30s ( or long after ) caused husbands and fathers to abandon their wives , and no evidence at all to support the insulting statement that women `` went on '' having babies `` by whomever '' in order to increase their very meager welfare payments .
there is no evidence that adc in the '30s ( or long after ) caused husbands and fathers to abandon their wives , and no evidence at all to support the insulting statement that women `` went on '' having babies `` by whomever '' in order to [raise] their very meager welfare payments .

Opening the market to new competitors would increase the number of taxis on the street -- that 's the whole idea -- and it would drive down prices .
opening the market to new competitors would [raise] the number of taxis on the street -- that 's the whole idea -- and it would drive down prices .

There was an increase in the churn rate for younger , less experienced managers in the early 1990s , during the recession , but even that appears to have moderated .
there was an [raise] in the churn rate for younger , less experienced managers in the early 1990s , during the recession , but even that appears to have moderated .

The inside WP piece dwells mostly on the absence of a clear explanation for these decreases , while also noting two retrograde movements : There has n't been a significant crime drop among white suburban and rural teen-agers , and cities between 10,000 and 24,999 have experienced a murder increase .
the inside wp piece dwells mostly on the absence of a clear explanation for these decreases , while also noting two retrograde movements : there has n't been a significant crime drop among white suburban and rural teen-agers , and cities between 10,000 and 24,999 have experienced a murder [raise] .

Most analysts cite two reasons for the market 's downturn : an unexpectedly large increase in the product price index ( generally a harbinger of inflation ) , and comments by Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan warning banks to keep plenty of reserves .
most analysts cite two reasons for the market 's downturn : an unexpectedly large [raise] in the product price index ( generally a harbinger of inflation ) , and comments by fed chairman alan greenspan warning banks to keep plenty of reserves .

They also contend that even after long exposure periods , the phones could only cause a fraction of a degree increase in cell temperature -- well within the body 's normal range .
they also contend that even after long exposure periods , the phones could only cause a fraction of a degree [raise] in cell temperature -- well within the body 's normal range .

One recent British study found that RF may cause brain cells to react as if they were being heated ( though no temperature increase was observed ) , which investigators hypothesized may damage cell function over long periods of time .
one recent british study found that rf may cause brain cells to react as if they were being heated ( though no temperature [raise] was observed ) , which investigators hypothesized may damage cell function over long periods of time .

Another found that cellular phone use was associated with an increased frequency of a certain type of brain tumor ( although the overall risk of cancer was not found to increase ) .
another found that cellular phone use was associated with an increased frequency of a certain type of brain tumor ( although the overall risk of cancer was not found to [raise] ) .

The more substantive part of what Gore proposes -- an increase in the EITC , marriage-penalty relief , an expanded family-leave act -- is fine , but unduly modest in its ambition .
the more substantive part of what gore proposes -- an [raise] in the eitc , marriage-penalty relief , an expanded family-leave act -- is fine , but unduly modest in its ambition .

Either they will spend it , in which case local sales-tax receipts will increase , or they will move it into some other form of investment , which will be taxed in turn .
either they will spend it , in which case local sales-tax receipts will [raise] , or they will move it into some other form of investment , which will be taxed in turn .

Baumol 's Law says that in certain sectors , productivity can not increase .
baumol 's law says that in certain sectors , productivity can not [raise] .

Jodie T. Allen 's article titled `` The Biggest Tax Increase in History '' repeats , without challenging , Susan Molinari 's claim that government takes in 40 percent of the GDP in taxes .
jodie t. allen 's article titled `` the biggest tax [raise] in history '' repeats , without challenging , susan molinari 's claim that government takes in 40 percent of the gdp in taxes .

In fact , the five year increase indicated by the NEA is much greater than the numbers tabulated by various arts-service organizations -- which in some cases report a decline where the NEA sees growth .
in fact , the five year [raise] indicated by the nea is much greater than the numbers tabulated by various arts-service organizations -- which in some cases report a decline where the nea sees growth .

The American Association of Art Museum Directors reports a much smaller increase in visits than the NEA .
the american association of art museum directors reports a much smaller [raise] in visits than the nea .

Considering all the evidence , the most reasonable interpretation is that there has been a real increase in the incidence of seriously injured children .
considering all the evidence , the most reasonable interpretation is that there has been a real [raise] in the incidence of seriously injured children .

Concerned , I wrote to Secretary Shalala in March , stating : `` The Westat findings may be extremely significant , but there is reason to doubt that they reflect an actual increase in abuse and neglect . ''
concerned , i wrote to secretary shalala in march , stating : `` the westat findings may be extremely significant , but there is reason to doubt that they reflect an actual [raise] in abuse and neglect . ''

Decisive and perhaps radical action would be required , not the puny list of previously planned and budgeted activities that Shalala described in her press release : A demonstration program in Illinois , $ 23 million in prevention grants , $ 2.5 million to maternal and child-health programs , past initiatives to fund family preservation programs and to oppose child-welfare block grants , and an `` unprecedented '' level of technical assistance to the states ( again , though , not an increase ) .
decisive and perhaps radical action would be required , not the puny list of previously planned and budgeted activities that shalala described in her press release : a demonstration program in illinois , $ 23 million in prevention grants , $ 2.5 million to maternal and child-health programs , past initiatives to fund family preservation programs and to oppose child-welfare block grants , and an `` unprecedented '' level of technical assistance to the states ( again , though , not an [raise] ) .

Some tax cuts , however , do not raise the reward for work and therefore do not increase work effort .
some tax cuts , however , do not raise the reward for work and therefore do not [raise] work effort .

Unless you can go back in time , cutting the tax rate on existing capital gains can not possibly increase investment in productive resources .
unless you can go back in time , cutting the tax rate on existing capital gains can not possibly [raise] investment in productive resources .

Those who claim to want a cut in the capital-gains tax rate because it will increase investment and not because it is a handout to the rich could gain a lot of credibility if they advocated reducing the rate only on future capital gains .
those who claim to want a cut in the capital-gains tax rate because it will [raise] investment and not because it is a handout to the rich could gain a lot of credibility if they advocated reducing the rate only on future capital gains .

Her attempt to correlate one variable -- the date of passage of a tax cut or increase -- with GDP is not serious stuff .
her attempt to correlate one variable -- the date of passage of a tax cut or [raise] -- with gdp is not serious stuff .

By the way , at the time it passed in 1993 , we told our clients the Clinton tax increase would do no great damage to the economy because the other variables were positive .
by the way , at the time it passed in 1993 , we told our clients the clinton tax [raise] would do no great damage to the economy because the other variables were positive .

Maybe higher savings would n't really increase growth .
maybe higher savings would n't really [raise] growth .

If people increase their demand for money , then either interest rates must rise , cutting investment , or transactions must fall , cutting output and employment -- unless the central bank acts .
if people [raise] their demand for money , then either interest rates must rise , cutting investment , or transactions must fall , cutting output and employment -- unless the central bank acts .

The way to get lower interest rates and more investment and durable consumption spending and lower unemployment , all of which I favor , is not to increase thriftiness or to cut deficits .
the way to get lower interest rates and more investment and durable consumption spending and lower unemployment , all of which i favor , is not to [raise] thriftiness or to cut deficits .

As more people invest without doing research -- i.e. , as markets become less efficient -- then the returns to research will increase and money will shift away from indexing .
as more people invest without doing research -- i.e. , as markets become less efficient -- then the returns to research will [raise] and money will shift away from indexing .

Despite Krugman 's argument , it would matter to me if I knew that the shirt I just purchased was produced by laborers who were beaten and tortured in order to increase their productivity .
despite krugman 's argument , it would matter to me if i knew that the shirt i just purchased was produced by laborers who were beaten and tortured in order to [raise] their productivity .

After all , he argues , although countries that produce more than they consume must run trade surpluses , these surpluses will guarantee high consumption because the resulting national income increase `` has to show up somewhere . ''
after all , he argues , although countries that produce more than they consume must run trade surpluses , these surpluses will guarantee high consumption because the resulting national income [raise] `` has to show up somewhere . ''

While Plotz is right that the number of challenges remaining seems to be decreasing -- it could hardly increase -- I find it almost impossible to believe that previous record-setters were driven by the kind of practical , commercial concerns that Plotz ascribes to Ferdinand Magellan and Dick Rutan .
while plotz is right that the number of challenges remaining seems to be decreasing -- it could hardly [raise] -- i find it almost impossible to believe that previous record-setters were driven by the kind of practical , commercial concerns that plotz ascribes to ferdinand magellan and dick rutan .

Another reason for Georgetown 's hostility is that Clinton 's 1993 tax increase fell hardest on upper-crust types .
another reason for georgetown 's hostility is that clinton 's 1993 tax [raise] fell hardest on upper-crust types .

This is the highest level of pot arrests ever recorded by the FBI , and represents an 18 percent increase above 1994 arrests .
this is the highest level of pot arrests ever recorded by the fbi , and represents an 18 percent [raise] above 1994 arrests .

However , there are survey data ( that Deborah Daro and I collect ) and data on homicide that indicate strongly that it is very unlikely that there is any kind of major increase in the rate of child maltreatment in the country .
however , there are survey data ( that deborah daro and i collect ) and data on homicide that indicate strongly that it is very unlikely that there is any kind of major [raise] in the rate of child maltreatment in the country .

That is , you can not tell him that protectionism only redistributes jobs , that it can not create them , since the truth is that , under these circumstances , his proposal would increase output and employment .
that is , you can not tell him that protectionism only redistributes jobs , that it can not create them , since the truth is that , under these circumstances , his proposal would [raise] output and employment .

Beyond a certain point , it does n't increase your probability by very much : The candidate who runs 10,001 commercials has little advantage over the candidate who runs 10,000 .
beyond a certain point , it does n't [raise] your probability by very much : the candidate who runs 10,001 commercials has little advantage over the candidate who runs 10,000 .

The advantage was that polypropylene dried much faster than cotton , spreading sweat across the fabric to increase the sweat 's surface area and speed up evaporation .
the advantage was that polypropylene dried much faster than cotton , spreading sweat across the fabric to [raise] the sweat 's surface area and speed up evaporation .

While CD-ROMs with color copies for inserts lose a great deal of the artifact value boots used to have , the resulting availability is ample compensation , especially since it has forced producers of traditional , higher-fidelity aluminum CDs to increase their standards , with better liner notes , more photos , and higher quality packages .
while cd-roms with color copies for inserts lose a great deal of the artifact value boots used to have , the resulting availability is ample compensation , especially since it has forced producers of traditional , higher-fidelity aluminum cds to [raise] their standards , with better liner notes , more photos , and higher quality packages .

The overpayment was estimated to be 8 percent , so last year Congress put in a new formula that essentially cut the increase for 1999 to 2 percent .
the overpayment was estimated to be 8 percent , so last year congress put in a new formula that essentially cut the [raise] for 1999 to 2 percent .

In 1994 , Republicans captured Congress by framing the election as a referendum on Clinton 's 1993 `` tax increase '' ( a k a deficit-reduction package ) and his failed national health insurance proposal .
in 1994 , republicans captured congress by framing the election as a referendum on clinton 's 1993 `` tax [raise] '' ( a k a deficit-reduction package ) and his failed national health insurance proposal .

Outback then used the PAC funds to lobby against national health care and an increase in the minimum wage .
outback then used the pac funds to lobby against national health care and an [raise] in the minimum wage .

The more important concessions , however , were 1 ) Liggett 's admission that the industry had consciously marketed tobacco to minors ( which will increase congressional support for stiff regulation of the industry ) and 2 ) its release -- temporarily blocked by a North Carolina court -- of documents from strategy meetings among lawyers for the five biggest tobacco companies , which industry critics believe will prove a conspiracy of deceit .
the more important concessions , however , were 1 ) liggett 's admission that the industry had consciously marketed tobacco to minors ( which will [raise] congressional support for stiff regulation of the industry ) and 2 ) its release -- temporarily blocked by a north carolina court -- of documents from strategy meetings among lawyers for the five biggest tobacco companies , which industry critics believe will prove a conspiracy of deceit .

New satellite pictures substantially increase the probability that life exists on Europa , a moon of Jupiter .
new satellite pictures substantially [raise] the probability that life exists on europa , a moon of jupiter .

Critics say the price increase proves 1 ) last year 's telecommunications bill failed to keep cable rates down as promised , and 2 ) competition from satellite-dish TV services is n't deterring rate hikes either .
critics say the price [raise] proves 1 ) last year 's telecommunications bill failed to keep cable rates down as promised , and 2 ) competition from satellite-dish tv services is n't deterring rate hikes either .

Other cable companies are expected to follow suit if TCI gets away with the rate increase .
other cable companies are expected to follow suit if tci gets away with the rate [raise] .

Critics say the price increase proves 1 ) last year 's telecommunications bill failed to keep cable rates down as promised , and 2 ) competition from satellite-dish TV services is n't deterring rate hikes either .
critics say the price [raise] proves 1 ) last year 's telecommunications bill failed to keep cable rates down as promised , and 2 ) competition from satellite-dish tv services is n't deterring rate hikes either .

Other cable companies are expected to follow suit if TCI gets away with the rate increase .
other cable companies are expected to follow suit if tci gets away with the rate [raise] .

Indeed , the large increase in the number of students declining to give their ethnic origin was one of the more striking , and heartening , phenomena in the UC admissions stats ( and one the NYT ignored in its April 1 story ) .
indeed , the large [raise] in the number of students declining to give their ethnic origin was one of the more striking , and heartening , phenomena in the uc admissions stats ( and one the nyt ignored in its april 1 story ) .

Chatterbox always suspected that Democrats who focus compulsively on the income charts ( ex-Labor Secretary Robert Reich , for one ) would be all too willing to trade off America 's precious social equality for a minor increase in income equality and prosperity .
chatterbox always suspected that democrats who focus compulsively on the income charts ( ex-labor secretary robert reich , for one ) would be all too willing to trade off america 's precious social equality for a minor [raise] in income equality and prosperity .

The LAT off-leads with a report on the `` soft growth '' of jobs in August , which represented the smallest increase since May but drove unemployment down to 4.2 percent , giving investors hope that the Fed wo n't raise interest rates at the next policy meeting , in October .
the lat off-leads with a report on the `` soft growth '' of jobs in august , which represented the smallest [raise] since may but drove unemployment down to 4.2 percent , giving investors hope that the fed wo n't raise interest rates at the next policy meeting , in october .

Thompson suggests only two ways to deal with the projected shortfall : 1 ) cut benefits or 2 ) increase the share of GDP devoted to Social Security -- i.e. , raise taxes .
thompson suggests only two ways to deal with the projected shortfall : 1 ) cut benefits or 2 ) [raise] the share of gdp devoted to social security -- i.e. , raise taxes .

Clinton denied federal funding for clean needles because it was politically advantageous ; he should have denied funding because needle-sharing programs may actually increase AIDS rates rather than reduce them .
clinton denied federal funding for clean needles because it was politically advantageous ; he should have denied funding because needle-sharing programs may actually [raise] aids rates rather than reduce them .

National policies could increase the number of charter schools , cripple local education bureaucracies , and limit the power of evil teachers unions .
national policies could [raise] the number of charter schools , cripple local education bureaucracies , and limit the power of evil teachers unions .

The pill would increase blood flow to women 's genitals , improving sensation and lubrication .
the pill would [raise] blood flow to women 's genitals , improving sensation and lubrication .

The result : a 160 percent increase in job placements and big benefit savings .
the result : a 160 percent [raise] in job placements and big benefit savings .

By contrast , in the next two years -- the only two years this particular Congress and president control -- the budget deficit will actually increase as a result of the deal .
by contrast , in the next two years -- the only two years this particular congress and president control -- the budget deficit will actually [raise] as a result of the deal .

Is the budget agreement , on balance , more likely to reduce the deficit -- or to increase it ?
is the budget agreement , on balance , more likely to reduce the deficit -- or to [raise] it ?

Only in this case -- unlike in Moynihan 's -- the redefinition has served to increase , rather than decrease , the required level of government intervention , shifting to the national treasury responsibility for hardships that individuals and localities once stoically assumed .
only in this case -- unlike in moynihan 's -- the redefinition has served to [raise] , rather than decrease , the required level of government intervention , shifting to the national treasury responsibility for hardships that individuals and localities once stoically assumed .

Reed , on the other hand , will see his credibility increase .
reed , on the other hand , will see his credibility [raise] .

In the New York Times last February , arguing ( surprise , surprise ) that tax cuts will increase tax revenues , Kemp wrote : `` In the 1980s , taxes were lowered from a top marginal rate of 70 percent to 28 percent .
in the new york times last february , arguing ( surprise , surprise ) that tax cuts will [raise] tax revenues , kemp wrote : `` in the 1980s , taxes were lowered from a top marginal rate of 70 percent to 28 percent .

On the plus side , the reforms will increase federal money for child care by more than $ 600 million a year .
on the plus side , the reforms will [raise] federal money for child care by more than $ 600 million a year .

A tax credit would increase public confidence in government by enabling ordinary Americans to participate in the political process .
a tax credit would [raise] public confidence in government by enabling ordinary americans to participate in the political process .

More bad news is anticipated : 1 ) The Council of Europe is considering suspension of Russia 's membership because of its attacks on civilian areas ; 2 ) Western creditors may eliminate financial aid that is indirectly subsidizing the war ; and 3 ) costs will increase as Russia tries to maintain control over captured areas of Chechnya .
more bad news is anticipated : 1 ) the council of europe is considering suspension of russia 's membership because of its attacks on civilian areas ; 2 ) western creditors may eliminate financial aid that is indirectly subsidizing the war ; and 3 ) costs will [raise] as russia tries to maintain control over captured areas of chechnya .

That call sounds increasingly hollow , at least from an intellectual perspective , and the reason is not just that bringing the budget into balance ( via , in no small part , the 1993 tax increase ) has proved to have pleasant side effects for the economy .
that call sounds increasingly hollow , at least from an intellectual perspective , and the reason is not just that bringing the budget into balance ( via , in no small part , the 1993 tax [raise] ) has proved to have pleasant side effects for the economy .

Even assuming there was some offsetting increase in U.S. credibility in those years , it could not have been worthwhile ...
even assuming there was some offsetting [raise] in u.s. credibility in those years , it could not have been worthwhile ...

What finally did them in was making a financial muck of the county 's budget , getting the county 's bond rating downgraded , and proposing a big county tax increase this year .
what finally did them in was making a financial muck of the county 's budget , getting the county 's bond rating downgraded , and proposing a big county tax [raise] this year .

Will others materialize -- in particular , will employment among poor African-American men increase ?
will others materialize -- in particular , will employment among poor african-american men [raise] ?

It may do so through devices that increase the quantity or volume of speech , such as financial subsidies or free TV time .
it may do so through devices that [raise] the quantity or volume of speech , such as financial subsidies or free tv time .

The Seattle Times recently ran a front-page story about the increase of tailgating on freeways , a display of bad manners locals blame on the influx of Californians .
the seattle times recently ran a front-page story about the [raise] of tailgating on freeways , a display of bad manners locals blame on the influx of californians .

We bid like addicted gamblers , placing opening bids $ 20,000 over the asking price with a clause to increase our price another $ 20,000 if necessary .
we bid like addicted gamblers , placing opening bids $ 20,000 over the asking price with a clause to [raise] our price another $ 20,000 if necessary .

According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , the volume of vacant high-tech positions will increase fivefold in the next decade -- but the number of college students majoring in computer science is shrinking .
according to the bureau of labor statistics , the volume of vacant high-tech positions will [raise] fivefold in the next decade -- but the number of college students majoring in computer science is shrinking .

The WP , which also fronts the story , says that young people aged 18-to-25 saw an increase in both drug use and smoking .
the wp , which also fronts the story , says that young people aged 18-to-25 saw an [raise] in both drug use and smoking .

The increase would certainly have slammed the brakes on an economy that 's still running very hot .
the [raise] would certainly have slammed the brakes on an economy that 's still running very hot .

While the discount rate itself is not that important , which is to say that an increase in it will have no material effect on the economy , the message the increase sends is important , and that message is that the Fed is more concerned about inflation than the small hike in the federal funds rate would indicate .
while the discount rate itself is not that important , which is to say that an [raise] in it will have no material effect on the economy , the message the [raise] sends is important , and that message is that the fed is more concerned about inflation than the small hike in the federal funds rate would indicate .

If what you say is true , then Clinton would n't have been able to pass his huge tax increase in '93 .
if what you say is true , then clinton would n't have been able to pass his huge tax [raise] in '93 .

At press time , Hurricane Bret had not moved near enough the Texas coast to merit any front-page coverage , but its alarming increase in speed suggests it could grab big headlines by Monday .
at press time , hurricane bret had not moved near enough the texas coast to merit any front-page coverage , but its alarming [raise] in speed suggests it could grab big headlines by monday .

If passed , the Hate Crimes Prevention Act of 1999 would increase the federal role in prosecuting hate crimes .
if passed , the hate crimes prevention act of 1999 would [raise] the federal role in prosecuting hate crimes .

Several members of the French Parliament used Kenneth Starr as a pretext to protest a proposed increase in the independence of public prosecutors in France .
several members of the french parliament used kenneth starr as a pretext to protest a proposed [raise] in the independence of public prosecutors in france .

The German police put the number of active neo-Nazis at 47,000 , a 4.5 per cent increase on the previous year and the first rise in four years .
the german police put the number of active neo-nazis at 47,000 , a 4.5 per cent [raise] on the previous year and the first rise in four years .

He listed six other steps for averting disaster : 1 ) equipping international institutions with the research facilities to stop lying and to tell the truth about the real state of the world economy ; 2 ) taking the worst-affected countries into international trusteeship before financing them ; 3 ) multiplying the fire breaks by sealing off the world 's most volatile foreign-exchange markets ; 4 ) taxing international speculation to increase the financial resources of international organizations ; 5 ) taking counter-panic measures by , for example , getting governments around the world to make public international investments to show the global community 's confidence in its own long-term future ; 6 ) encouraging in the markets a taste for being different , for `` finding it fashionable to be unfashionable , '' for going against the grain .
he listed six other steps for averting disaster : 1 ) equipping international institutions with the research facilities to stop lying and to tell the truth about the real state of the world economy ; 2 ) taking the worst-affected countries into international trusteeship before financing them ; 3 ) multiplying the fire breaks by sealing off the world 's most volatile foreign-exchange markets ; 4 ) taxing international speculation to [raise] the financial resources of international organizations ; 5 ) taking counter-panic measures by , for example , getting governments around the world to make public international investments to show the global community 's confidence in its own long-term future ; 6 ) encouraging in the markets a taste for being different , for `` finding it fashionable to be unfashionable , '' for going against the grain .

The Johannesburg Star said in a Monday editorial marking World Population Day that the projected increase in Africa 's population from 758 million to 1,454 million between now and the year 2025 ( compared with an expected 28 million decline in Europe 's population over the same period to around 700 million ) `` need not spell only doom and gloom . ''
the johannesburg star said in a monday editorial marking world population day that the projected [raise] in africa 's population from 758 million to 1,454 million between now and the year 2025 ( compared with an expected 28 million decline in europe 's population over the same period to around 700 million ) `` need not spell only doom and gloom . ''

The increase in citizenship applications has led to longer processing periods and , according to critics , to some immigrants being wrongly naturalized .
the [raise] in citizenship applications has led to longer processing periods and , according to critics , to some immigrants being wrongly naturalized .

The conservative Jerusalem Post led Monday with the news that , according to Israeli Finance Minister Yaakov Neeman , the United States and Israel will reach an agreement within 12 days to abolish U.S. civilian aid in exchange for an increase in military aid .
the conservative jerusalem post led monday with the news that , according to israeli finance minister yaakov neeman , the united states and israel will reach an agreement within 12 days to abolish u.s. civilian aid in exchange for an [raise] in military aid .

The NYT front reports that a growing number of scientists and policy makers now say it will be difficult if not impossible to avoid doubling the amount of heat-trapping gasses in the atmosphere before the greenhouse problem is brought under control , which could mean anywhere from a three- to eight-degree increase in the earth 's temperature .
the nyt front reports that a growing number of scientists and policy makers now say it will be difficult if not impossible to avoid doubling the amount of heat-trapping gasses in the atmosphere before the greenhouse problem is brought under control , which could mean anywhere from a three- to eight-degree [raise] in the earth 's temperature .

Retailers thought the strong economy would mean a big buying season , but estimates see just a two or three percent increase over last December 's sales ( only half of the expected gain ) .
retailers thought the strong economy would mean a big buying season , but estimates see just a two or three percent [raise] over last december 's sales ( only half of the expected gain ) .

The latest circulation audit shows that nine of the nation 's fifteen largest newspapers recorded an increase in daily circulation , reports the WP .
the latest circulation audit shows that nine of the nation 's fifteen largest newspapers recorded an [raise] in daily circulation , reports the wp .

The WP has word that a Dutch study today reports that when people stop smoking , overall health costs decline only in the short term , and after 15 years , actually increase .
the wp has word that a dutch study today reports that when people stop smoking , overall health costs decline only in the short term , and after 15 years , actually [raise] .

The NYT lead tells of the inauguration on Oct. 1 of a federally administered `` vast database '' of all new hires in jobs nationwide that is expected to yield a considerable increase -- possibly billions -- in the payment of child support .
the nyt lead tells of the inauguration on oct. 1 of a federally administered `` vast database '' of all new hires in jobs nationwide that is expected to yield a considerable [raise] -- possibly billions -- in the payment of child support .

According to the latest available tax stats , in 1995 there were 87,000 seven-figure earners in the U.S. , an increase of 24 percent over 1994 .
according to the latest available tax stats , in 1995 there were 87,000 seven-figure earners in the u.s. , an [raise] of 24 percent over 1994 .

With airlines flying at 77 percent capacity in August and the Dow Jones Transportation Index at record levels , it seemed like a good time for a 5 percent fare increase , which , says USAT , most of the major domestic airlines put into place last week .
with airlines flying at 77 percent capacity in august and the dow jones transportation index at record levels , it seemed like a good time for a 5 percent fare [raise] , which , says usat , most of the major domestic airlines put into place last week .

USAT says that a computer system glitch mistakenly rolled back United Airline 's increase in all markets and when American , Delta , and TWA saw that , they , fearing the loss of business from being underpriced , rolled their fares back too .
usat says that a computer system glitch mistakenly rolled back united airline 's [raise] in all markets and when american , delta , and twa saw that , they , fearing the loss of business from being underpriced , rolled their fares back too .

The Los Angeles Times leads with the destruction wrought in Acapulco by a hurricane , and the New York Times goes with Germany 's interest rate increase .
the los angeles times leads with the destruction wrought in acapulco by a hurricane , and the new york times goes with germany 's interest rate [raise] .

The top of the LAT front page features a large photo-and-graphic box addressing the stepped-up rate of deportations by the INS of illegal immigrants -- last year about 111,000 , an increase of about 60 percent over the year before .
the top of the lat front page features a large photo-and-graphic box addressing the stepped-up rate of deportations by the ins of illegal immigrants -- last year about 111,000 , an [raise] of about 60 percent over the year before .

The Wall Street Journal says that a look at the current economy also shows that the alleged bad consequence of raising the minimum wage -- increased unemployment in the low end of the service sector -- just did not happen , turning the minimum wage increase into `` one of the nonevents of 1997 . ''
the wall street journal says that a look at the current economy also shows that the alleged bad consequence of raising the minimum wage -- increased unemployment in the low end of the service sector -- just did not happen , turning the minimum wage [raise] into `` one of the nonevents of 1997 . ''

The NYT and USAT remind readers that two weeks ago Newt Gingrich urged Clinton to propose a balanced budget for 1999 and the Times remarks that `` Clinton never mentions it , but a tax increase signed at great political cost by George Bush began the work of deficit reduction . ''
the nyt and usat remind readers that two weeks ago newt gingrich urged clinton to propose a balanced budget for 1999 and the times remarks that `` clinton never mentions it , but a tax [raise] signed at great political cost by george bush began the work of deficit reduction . ''

The Journal quotes an academic who says that while not a primary factor in deciding to get married , `` A $ 500 increase in taxes decreases the probability of marriage by 1 % or 2 % , '' and quotes one woman who says she 's just living with her boyfriend despite their desire to marry because she does n't want to give the IRS an additional $ 3,700 .
the journal quotes an academic who says that while not a primary factor in deciding to get married , `` a $ 500 [raise] in taxes decreases the probability of marriage by 1 % or 2 % , '' and quotes one woman who says she 's just living with her boyfriend despite their desire to marry because she does n't want to give the irs an additional $ 3,700 .

Jackson last year wrote the forward to a book called Money Talks : Black Finance Experts Talk to You About Money , and he has long spoken compellingly of the need to increase African-Americans ' access to capital .
jackson last year wrote the forward to a book called money talks : black finance experts talk to you about money , and he has long spoken compellingly of the need to [raise] african-americans ' access to capital .

The head of the United Negro College Fund is quoted by the Times saying the gift would increase by 15 to 40 percent the number of minorities who receive doctorates in the targeted fields .
the head of the united negro college fund is quoted by the times saying the gift would [raise] by 15 to 40 percent the number of minorities who receive doctorates in the targeted fields .

Brilliantly orchestrated by the British adman Charles Saatchi to increase the value of his extensive holdings of the artists ' work , the show has already drawn flattering notices in The New Yorker , New York Times , and other publications .
brilliantly orchestrated by the british adman charles saatchi to [raise] the value of his extensive holdings of the artists ' work , the show has already drawn flattering notices in the new yorker , new york times , and other publications .

They lift the lady up , seductively tighten her leg muscles , and thrust her forward as if to launch her into the air and into her future , even as they shorten her stride and increase her risk of tripping .
they lift the lady up , seductively tighten her leg muscles , and thrust her forward as if to launch her into the air and into her future , even as they shorten her stride and [raise] her risk of tripping .

Issue 3 is Clinton 's call to increase the tobacco tax .
issue 3 is clinton 's call to [raise] the tobacco tax .

The stage set , the audience primed , the spot can reveal that she is a pharmaceutical-company researcher who `` really feels '' she is making a difference , that she is a proud member of a group that has found a way to `` increase the bone mass in people . ''
the stage set , the audience primed , the spot can reveal that she is a pharmaceutical-company researcher who `` really feels '' she is making a difference , that she is a proud member of a group that has found a way to `` [raise] the bone mass in people . ''

Hunt , produced by political ad maker Mike Shea for the International Fund for Animal Welfare , is part of an unprecedented effort to increase public awareness before spring and the next hunting season .
hunt , produced by political ad maker mike shea for the international fund for animal welfare , is part of an unprecedented effort to [raise] public awareness before spring and the next hunting season .

The seals are victims not of research or of subsistence hunting , says Hunt , but of an unsubstantiated claim that their penises increase human potency ( `` totally inexcusable '' in `` what is supposed to be an enlightened age , '' actor William Shatner , one of a growing cast of luminaries who have signed on to the IFAW cause , has been quoted as saying ) .
the seals are victims not of research or of subsistence hunting , says hunt , but of an unsubstantiated claim that their penises [raise] human potency ( `` totally inexcusable '' in `` what is supposed to be an enlightened age , '' actor william shatner , one of a growing cast of luminaries who have signed on to the ifaw cause , has been quoted as saying ) .

The 1996 numbers represent a fivefold increase over previous annual takes , which had plateaued at 55,000 after mass international protest drove them down in the early 1970s .
the 1996 numbers represent a fivefold [raise] over previous annual takes , which had plateaued at 55,000 after mass international protest drove them down in the early 1970s .

How does Moskos explain the enormous increase ?
how does moskos explain the enormous [raise] ?

Nagel 's more subtle complaint is that an increase in sexual tolerance has been transmogrified into an increase in sexual shaming : `` What looked initially like a growth of freedom has culminated in the reinstitution of the public pillory . ''
nagel 's more subtle complaint is that an [raise] in sexual tolerance has been transmogrified into an [raise] in sexual shaming : `` what looked initially like a growth of freedom has culminated in the reinstitution of the public pillory . ''

If it kisses you and you immediately pat it on the back , you increase the likelihood of it kissing you next time you tickle its tummy .
if it kisses you and you immediately pat it on the back , you [raise] the likelihood of it kissing you next time you tickle its tummy .

The paper also talked up the `` spiritual '' side of the Saudi-Chinese relationship : `` Over 50 million Chinese follow the Muslim faith , and the number of Chinese pilgrims to Saudi holy sites is set to increase , thus helping to further common understanding between the two nations . ''
the paper also talked up the `` spiritual '' side of the saudi-chinese relationship : `` over 50 million chinese follow the muslim faith , and the number of chinese pilgrims to saudi holy sites is set to [raise] , thus helping to further common understanding between the two nations . ''

Gore is n't suggesting that Bradley 's health insurance plan will force a tax increase .
gore is n't suggesting that bradley 's health insurance plan will force a tax [raise] .

If Gore were to complain that Bradley 's plan required a tax increase , liberals would shrug and vote for Bradley .
if gore were to complain that bradley 's plan required a tax [raise] , liberals would shrug and vote for bradley .

A report on the increased rate of obesity in America ( from 1 in 8 in 1991 to 1 in 5 last year ) shows the biggest increase -- 67.2 percent -- in the South , with a hefty 101.8 percent gain in Georgia .
a report on the increased rate of obesity in america ( from 1 in 8 in 1991 to 1 in 5 last year ) shows the biggest [raise] -- 67.2 percent -- in the south , with a hefty 101.8 percent gain in georgia .

Most troublesome to the Standard : HRW 's recommendation to increase state , federal , and even global supervision of U.S. police .
most troublesome to the standard : hrw 's recommendation to [raise] state , federal , and even global supervision of u.s. police .

Thanks to free markets and ( of course ) high technology , productivity will increase , environmental degradation will decrease , genetic diseases will be eradicated , and a worldwide , multicultural civilization will flourish .
thanks to free markets and ( of course ) high technology , productivity will [raise] , environmental degradation will decrease , genetic diseases will be eradicated , and a worldwide , multicultural civilization will flourish .

A piece concludes that immigration both benefits and harms Americans : Low-skilled immigrants drive down wages , but high-skilled immigrants increase productivity .
a piece concludes that immigration both benefits and harms americans : low-skilled immigrants drive down wages , but high-skilled immigrants [raise] productivity .

Thanks to free markets and ( of course ) high technology , productivity will increase , environmental degradation will decrease , genetic diseases will be eradicated , and a worldwide , multicultural civilization will flourish .
thanks to free markets and ( of course ) high technology , productivity will [raise] , environmental degradation will decrease , genetic diseases will be eradicated , and a worldwide , multicultural civilization will flourish .

According to the graphic accompanying the NYT story , the biggest increase seen in the most recent data is for melanoma of the skin , yet this type of cancer is n't mentioned at all in the Times story proper .
according to the graphic accompanying the nyt story , the biggest [raise] seen in the most recent data is for melanoma of the skin , yet this type of cancer is n't mentioned at all in the times story proper .

Everybody quotes Sen. John McCain 's reason for believing that eventually , public pressure for change will increase : `` There will be more scandals , more indictments and more people going to jail . ''
everybody quotes sen. john mccain 's reason for believing that eventually , public pressure for change will [raise] : `` there will be more scandals , more indictments and more people going to jail . ''

The NYT figure apparently does n't take into account the increase in the companies ' shares during the Wall St. explosion -- the Dow closed over 9000 for the first time ever -- the deal touched off .
the nyt figure apparently does n't take into account the [raise] in the companies ' shares during the wall st. explosion -- the dow closed over 9000 for the first time ever -- the deal touched off .

USAT says the purpose of the fresh troops is to increase pressure on Saddam Hussein , but also collaterally raises the question of how exactly that 's supposed to work , since the paper also states there is no intention to use those soldiers or those already in Kuwait for `` offensive action '' against Iraq .
usat says the purpose of the fresh troops is to [raise] pressure on saddam hussein , but also collaterally raises the question of how exactly that 's supposed to work , since the paper also states there is no intention to use those soldiers or those already in kuwait for `` offensive action '' against iraq .

The NYT 's Keith Bradsher has pretty much owned the topic of the dangers presented to normal-sized cars by sports utility vehicles , and today Bradsher continues , writing about an auto insurance industry report that urges auto makers to redesign SUVs because they `` increase the risk of death for other road users while providing little if any additional protection for their own occupants . ''
the nyt 's keith bradsher has pretty much owned the topic of the dangers presented to normal-sized cars by sports utility vehicles , and today bradsher continues , writing about an auto insurance industry report that urges auto makers to redesign suvs because they `` [raise] the risk of death for other road users while providing little if any additional protection for their own occupants . ''

Some examples : The number of diabetes cases rose 33 percent among blacks , three times the increase among whites .
some examples : the number of diabetes cases rose 33 percent among blacks , three times the [raise] among whites .

The Journal sees the big conflicts coming over the expansion of Medicare to those younger than 65 , a minimum wage increase , and national teacher testing .
the journal sees the big conflicts coming over the expansion of medicare to those younger than 65 , a minimum wage [raise] , and national teacher testing .

The WP cites for instance a memo that says it would `` be very hard to increase browser share on the merits '' of the company 's product , and hence that the company should `` leverage Windows to make people use '' it .
the wp cites for instance a memo that says it would `` be very hard to [raise] browser share on the merits '' of the company 's product , and hence that the company should `` leverage windows to make people use '' it .

One is that Al Gore will announce today , at King 's church in Atlanta , a 17 percent DOJ budget increase that if approved by Congress would mean a stepped-up anti-discrimination emphasis in such areas as fair-housing laws and police misconduct investigations .
one is that al gore will announce today , at king 's church in atlanta , a 17 percent doj budget [raise] that if approved by congress would mean a stepped-up anti-discrimination emphasis in such areas as fair-housing laws and police misconduct investigations .

The WSJ reports that , according to an MIT survey , Americans are twice as likely to back a tax increase going toward the search for extraterrestrials than one for gene-cloning research .
the wsj reports that , according to an mit survey , americans are twice as likely to back a tax [raise] going toward the search for extraterrestrials than one for gene-cloning research .

Especially alarming is the news of a big increase among black teenagers , a group once believed to be curiously resistant to the teen smoking trend .
especially alarming is the news of a big [raise] among black teenagers , a group once believed to be curiously resistant to the teen smoking trend .

USA Today leads with this year 's big increase in killer tornadoes -- nearly double the twister death toll for all of 1997 , and a 365 percent increase over the total for 1996 .
usa today leads with this year 's big [raise] in killer tornadoes -- nearly double the twister death toll for all of 1997 , and a 365 percent [raise] over the total for 1996 .

USAT reports that the proposed tobacco bill would raise the price of a pack of cigarettes by $ 1.10 and would cost cigarette companies more than half a trillion dollars -- a considerable increase over the $ 365 billion agreed to in the proposed settlement reached last summer between the attorneys general of 40 states and the leading tobacco manufacturers .
usat reports that the proposed tobacco bill would raise the price of a pack of cigarettes by $ 1.10 and would cost cigarette companies more than half a trillion dollars -- a considerable [raise] over the $ 365 billion agreed to in the proposed settlement reached last summer between the attorneys general of 40 states and the leading tobacco manufacturers .

USA Today and the Los Angeles Times lead with the latest U.S. economic news : surging growth but the slowest rate of inflation increase in 35 years .
usa today and the los angeles times lead with the latest u.s. economic news : surging growth but the slowest rate of inflation [raise] in 35 years .

The Wall Street Journal reports that , according to Manpower Inc. 's latest employment-outlook survey , nearly a third of U.S. businesses intend to increase staffing in the third quarter .
the wall street journal reports that , according to manpower inc. 's latest employment-outlook survey , nearly a third of u.s. businesses intend to [raise] staffing in the third quarter .

The New York Times leads with the biggest increase in the cost to employers of health care insurance since the rise of managed care .
the new york times leads with the biggest [raise] in the cost to employers of health care insurance since the rise of managed care .

The LAT front and the NYT inside report an increase in the number of applications to the University of California from blacks ( up 4.9 percent ) and Latinos ( up 7 percent ) .
the lat front and the nyt inside report an [raise] in the number of applications to the university of california from blacks ( up 4.9 percent ) and latinos ( up 7 percent ) .

The column reports that last year banks raised outstanding credit by more than 8 percent , the fastest rate of increase in ten years .
the column reports that last year banks raised outstanding credit by more than 8 percent , the fastest rate of [raise] in ten years .

USA Today leads with news that might be heartening for many users of the now withdrawn diet concoction Redux : a new study suggests that short-term use of the drug is not associated with an increase in heart valve problems .
usa today leads with news that might be heartening for many users of the now withdrawn diet concoction redux : a new study suggests that short-term use of the drug is not associated with an [raise] in heart valve problems .

However , tamoxifen is also known , says the paper , to treble the risk for uterine cancer , and to increase one 's chance of developing blood clots .
however , tamoxifen is also known , says the paper , to treble the risk for uterine cancer , and to [raise] one 's chance of developing blood clots .

Statisticians insist there is no such thing as a `` hot hand '' in basketball , that accurate shots distribute themselves in random patterns , that just the fact that a player has made several shots in a row does not increase the likelihood that he will make the next one .
statisticians insist there is no such thing as a `` hot hand '' in basketball , that accurate shots distribute themselves in random patterns , that just the fact that a player has made several shots in a row does not [raise] the likelihood that he will make the next one .

This , in turn , has produced a sharp increase in the rate of growth that the U.S. economy can achieve without running up against capacity limits .
this , in turn , has produced a sharp [raise] in the rate of growth that the u.s. economy can achieve without running up against capacity limits .

This increase in the potential growth rate , in turn , is supposed to explain why the United States has managed to drive unemployment to a 25-year low without inflation .
this [raise] in the potential growth rate , in turn , is supposed to explain why the united states has managed to drive unemployment to a 25-year low without inflation .

Higher productivity growth would mean lower inflation for any given rate of wage increase .
higher productivity growth would mean lower inflation for any given rate of wage [raise] .

Suppose that the economy makes use of this increased productivity to increase consumption to 40 million hot dogs with buns a day .
suppose that the economy makes use of this increased productivity to [raise] consumption to 40 million hot dogs with buns a day .

Thanks to a declining birth rate and negligible immigration , it faces a steady decline in its working-age population for at least the next several decades while retirees increase .
thanks to a declining birth rate and negligible immigration , it faces a steady decline in its working-age population for at least the next several decades while retirees [raise] .

In 1993 , after the Clinton administration had pushed through an increase in taxes on upper-income families , the very same people who have persuaded Dole to run on a tax-cut platform were very sure about what would happen .
in 1993 , after the clinton administration had pushed through an [raise] in taxes on upper-income families , the very same people who have persuaded dole to run on a tax-cut platform were very sure about what would happen .

The Wall Street Journal editorial page had no doubts that the tax increase would sharply increase the deficit instead of reducing it .
the wall street journal editorial page had no doubts that the tax [raise] would sharply [raise] the deficit instead of reducing it .

There has been an excruciatingly technical argument about this , mysteriously known as the `` double dividend '' debate ; the general consensus seems to be no , and that on balance pollution taxes would be more likely to reduce GDP slightly than to increase it .
there has been an excruciatingly technical argument about this , mysteriously known as the `` double dividend '' debate ; the general consensus seems to be no , and that on balance pollution taxes would be more likely to reduce gdp slightly than to [raise] it .

You might think that raising wages would reduce the demand for labor ; but some early Keynesians argued that redistributing income from profits to wages would raise consumption demand , because workers save less than capitalists ( actually they do n't , but that 's another story ) , and therefore increase output and employment .
you might think that raising wages would reduce the demand for labor ; but some early keynesians argued that redistributing income from profits to wages would raise consumption demand , because workers save less than capitalists ( actually they do n't , but that 's another story ) , and therefore [raise] output and employment .

In particular , an increase in the savings rate will translate into higher investment after all , because the Fed will make sure that it does .
in particular , an [raise] in the savings rate will translate into higher investment after all , because the fed will make sure that it does .

To justify the claim that savings are actually bad for growth ( as opposed to the quite different , more reasonable position that they are not as crucial as some would claim ) , you must convincingly argue that the Fed is impotent -- that it can not , by lowering interest rates , ensure that an increase in desired savings gets translated into higher investment .
to justify the claim that savings are actually bad for growth ( as opposed to the quite different , more reasonable position that they are not as crucial as some would claim ) , you must convincingly argue that the fed is impotent -- that it can not , by lowering interest rates , ensure that an [raise] in desired savings gets translated into higher investment .

Increasing savings will slow the economy -- presumably because the Fed can not induce an increase in investment by cutting interest rates .
increasing savings will slow the economy -- presumably because the fed can not induce an [raise] in investment by cutting interest rates .

Instead , the Fed should stimulate growth by cutting interest rates , which will work because lower interest rates will induce an increase in investment .
instead , the fed should stimulate growth by cutting interest rates , which will work because lower interest rates will induce an [raise] in investment .

They say : Suppose it 's true that inflation has been less than the official increase in the CPI over the past few decades .
they say : suppose it 's true that inflation has been less than the official [raise] in the cpi over the past few decades .

It might even slightly increase the supply of apartments .
it might even slightly [raise] the supply of apartments .

As the happy experience of America under Bill Clinton has shown , it is quite possible to reduce the deficit and increase employment at the same time .
as the happy experience of america under bill clinton has shown , it is quite possible to reduce the deficit and [raise] employment at the same time .

He pledges to increase military salaries and military R & D budgets .
he pledges to [raise] military salaries and military r & d budgets .

According to the NYT , congressional victories for the business lobby this past year included : repeal of Depression-era laws preventing banks , securities firms , and insurance concerns from entering one another 's line of business , a five-year extension of the business R & D tax credit , no increase in the minimum wage , no regulation of health-care plans , no campaign finance reform , and no ban on agribusiness mergers .
according to the nyt , congressional victories for the business lobby this past year included : repeal of depression-era laws preventing banks , securities firms , and insurance concerns from entering one another 's line of business , a five-year extension of the business r & d tax credit , no [raise] in the minimum wage , no regulation of health-care plans , no campaign finance reform , and no ban on agribusiness mergers .

Barring some unlikely last minute intervention by the ayatollah , Kouri 's conviction should serve to further increase tensions between hard-liners and reformers , making February 's parliamentary elections all the more volatile .
barring some unlikely last minute intervention by the ayatollah , kouri 's conviction should serve to further [raise] tensions between hard-liners and reformers , making february 's parliamentary elections all the more volatile .

An LAT story reports that even while Holocaust museums and monuments increase public awareness of the event , the survivors themselves are being forgotten .
an lat story reports that even while holocaust museums and monuments [raise] public awareness of the event , the survivors themselves are being forgotten .

The WP and Wall Street Journal report that a JAMA study published Tuesday suggests that despite widespread fears among women to the contrary , the frequency of sexual activity and the pleasure derived from it remain the same or even increase after having a hysterectomy .
the wp and wall street journal report that a jama study published tuesday suggests that despite widespread fears among women to the contrary , the frequency of sexual activity and the pleasure derived from it remain the same or even [raise] after having a hysterectomy .

The Wall Street Journal notes high up that spending will increase by tens of billions of dollars from last year and will break appropriations caps set by the 1997 balanced budged agreement .
the wall street journal notes high up that spending will [raise] by tens of billions of dollars from last year and will break appropriations caps set by the 1997 balanced budged agreement .

The story states that the increase reflects more smuggling into this country and also increased drug production in Mexico and Colombia .
the story states that the [raise] reflects more smuggling into this country and also increased drug production in mexico and colombia .

Analysts do not expect another increase until March .
analysts do not expect another [raise] until march .

This was an increase over 1992 but only a slight improvement upon the Libertarian vote in 1988 , and a far weaker performance than in 1980 .
this was an [raise] over 1992 but only a slight improvement upon the libertarian vote in 1988 , and a far weaker performance than in 1980 .

An irony would be the observation that an attempt to increase freedom for all often entails , despite our best efforts , a decrease in freedom for a few .
an irony would be the observation that an attempt to [raise] freedom for all often entails , despite our best efforts , a decrease in freedom for a few .

He does n't believe that any large-scale policy can increase residential or educational integration , or raise the low level of racial intermarriage .
he does n't believe that any large-scale policy can [raise] residential or educational integration , or raise the low level of racial intermarriage .

The simplest proof of this is the remarkable increase in citations to dictionaries in Supreme Court opinions .
the simplest proof of this is the remarkable [raise] in citations to dictionaries in supreme court opinions .

The top non-local story at the Los Angeles Times is the expected announcement today by President Clinton that his proposed budget will include a $ 3 billion increase over last year in federal science funding .
the top non-local story at the los angeles times is the expected announcement today by president clinton that his proposed budget will include a $ 3 billion [raise] over last year in federal science funding .

Clinton proposed new tax credits for college tuition payments ( up to $ 10,000 per family ) , a $ 1 minimum-wage increase , a plan for Medicare to cover prescription drugs , $ 1 billion in tax incentives to help spur the development of vaccines for poor nations , photo licenses and safety tests for gun owners , and more than $ 3 billion in education spending , including $ 1 billion for Head Start .
clinton proposed new tax credits for college tuition payments ( up to $ 10,000 per family ) , a $ 1 minimum-wage [raise] , a plan for medicare to cover prescription drugs , $ 1 billion in tax incentives to help spur the development of vaccines for poor nations , photo licenses and safety tests for gun owners , and more than $ 3 billion in education spending , including $ 1 billion for head start .

Thus he is right on to say that there are two ways in which to reduce the theft of car radios ( Page 90 ) , one of them is to increase the punishment for theft , and the other is to render them useless once they are taken out of the car by someone who does not know the code ( old-fashioned sense ) for their release .
thus he is right on to say that there are two ways in which to reduce the theft of car radios ( page 90 ) , one of them is to [raise] the punishment for theft , and the other is to render them useless once they are taken out of the car by someone who does not know the code ( old-fashioned sense ) for their release .

The paper explains the swell -- the biggest increase in the past 20 years -- as a function of the booming economy 's job creation and of the slowing down in the late '90s of the flight of manufacturing jobs to other countries .
the paper explains the swell -- the biggest [raise] in the past 20 years -- as a function of the booming economy 's job creation and of the slowing down in the late '90s of the flight of manufacturing jobs to other countries .

One is make bureaucracies react on behalf of the taxpayers , and second , do whatever I can to increase competition and lower costs in telecommunications .
one is make bureaucracies react on behalf of the taxpayers , and second , do whatever i can to [raise] competition and lower costs in telecommunications .

USA Today leads with President Clinton 's expected proposal today of a $ 280 million increase in federal funds targeting the enforcement of current gun control laws , a move the paper says is explicitly calculated to meet a recurring NRA criticism : that federal firearms prosecutions have steeply declined under Clinton .
usa today leads with president clinton 's expected proposal today of a $ 280 million [raise] in federal funds targeting the enforcement of current gun control laws , a move the paper says is explicitly calculated to meet a recurring nra criticism : that federal firearms prosecutions have steeply declined under clinton .

To cut tax subsidies without reducing rates is a tax increase .
to cut tax subsidies without reducing rates is a tax [raise] .

However defensible as a way to increase federal revenues , it has no prayer of Republican support .
however defensible as a way to [raise] federal revenues , it has no prayer of republican support .

It now appears that the Fed will raise interest rates at its February meeting , and of late investors have got it in their heads that instead of its typical 25-basis-point ( 0.25 percentage point ) increase , the Fed is going to hike rates by 50 basis points .
it now appears that the fed will raise interest rates at its february meeting , and of late investors have got it in their heads that instead of its typical 25-basis-point ( 0.25 percentage point ) [raise] , the fed is going to hike rates by 50 basis points .

The rapid increase in attention-deficit disorder is a striking example of diagnosis creep .
the rapid [raise] in attention-deficit disorder is a striking example of diagnosis creep .

Every new OPEC meeting , every new increase in the price of oil , spelled an end to Western hegemony .
every new opec meeting , every new [raise] in the price of oil , spelled an end to western hegemony .

The most recent quota increase , for instance , will raise the cartel 's daily production to 27.5 million barrels .
the most recent quota [raise] , for instance , will raise the cartel 's daily production to 27.5 million barrels .

Most estimates suggest that OPEC countries are pumping out 28 million barrels a day already -- the quota increase is designed mainly to allow to bring its share of the world market more in sync with its enormous capacity .
most estimates suggest that opec countries are pumping out 28 million barrels a day already -- the quota [raise] is designed mainly to allow to bring its share of the world market more in sync with its enormous capacity .

Even if the WTO had to rule as it did , the decision was a blow against open markets and seems likely to increase protectionist sentiment at home .
even if the wto had to rule as it did , the decision was a blow against open markets and seems likely to [raise] protectionist sentiment at home .

The drugs also appear to alter thinking enough to increase suicide rates .
the drugs also appear to alter thinking enough to [raise] suicide rates .

The lower standard will capture perfectly responsible social drinkers and dramatically increase the number of drivers who would be subject to arrest .
the lower standard will capture perfectly responsible social drinkers and dramatically [raise] the number of drivers who would be subject to arrest .

He was in a stressful job , but that alone does not increase suicidal tendencies .
he was in a stressful job , but that alone does not [raise] suicidal tendencies .

Investigators believe the company overstated costs and deliberately ordered unnecessary tests to increase Medicare payments .
investigators believe the company overstated costs and deliberately ordered unnecessary tests to [raise] medicare payments .

Its doctors then gave wrong diagnoses to increase billings and held patients as young as 8 against their will until their insurance ran out .
its doctors then gave wrong diagnoses to [raise] billings and held patients as young as 8 against their will until their insurance ran out .

Foreign companies believe that U.S. listings both increase trading in their shares and improve valuations .
foreign companies believe that u.s. listings both [raise] trading in their shares and improve valuations .

Most incredibly , Kia Motors , which needed a government bailout to save it from its creditors , will be putting $ 500 million into plant expansion in 1998 , a threefold increase .
most incredibly , kia motors , which needed a government bailout to save it from its creditors , will be putting $ 500 million into plant expansion in 1998 , a threefold [raise] .

Short of that radical change , effective legislation should be passed to increase choices for employees .
short of that radical change , effective legislation should be passed to [raise] choices for employees .

The study also demonstrated another frustrating fact about setpoints -- they 're easier to increase than decrease .
the study also demonstrated another frustrating fact about setpoints -- they 're easier to [raise] than decrease .

True , ESPN is one of the most profitable TV networks and in recent months has started pressuring cable systems to increase the fees they pay for the right to carry it .
true , espn is one of the most profitable tv networks and in recent months has started pressuring cable systems to [raise] the fees they pay for the right to carry it .

Hospitals could hire more residents , but that would increase our physician glut .
hospitals could hire more residents , but that would [raise] our physician glut .

In New York state , guidelines for an 80-hour maximum workweek were estimated to increase staffing costs by a quarter-billion dollars per year .
in new york state , guidelines for an 80-hour maximum workweek were estimated to [raise] staffing costs by a quarter-billion dollars per year .

In the long term , when there is nothing left to cut , the only way to increase profits is to increase sales .
in the long term , when there is nothing left to cut , the only way to [raise] profits is to [raise] sales .

In the short term , however , the effect has been to increase price volatility , especially when analysts issue `` strong buy '' or `` sell '' recommendations .
in the short term , however , the effect has been to [raise] price volatility , especially when analysts issue `` strong buy '' or `` sell '' recommendations .

Two suggestive findings are that sleeping on soft bedding and sleeping face down both increase a baby 's risk of sudden death .
two suggestive findings are that sleeping on soft bedding and sleeping face down both [raise] a baby 's risk of sudden death .

After all , experts now believe that losing one baby to SIDS does not increase the likelihood that a family will lose another .
after all , experts now believe that losing one baby to sids does not [raise] the likelihood that a family will lose another .

The quarter-point boost , to 5.5 percent , was the third increase this year in the rate banks charge each other on loans .
the quarter-point boost , to 5.5 percent , was the third [raise] this year in the rate banks charge each other on loans .

Wall Street analysts debated whether the announcement was : 1 ) bad news , since it curtails business growth ; 2 ) good news , since the Fed signaled that this would be the last increase of the year ; or 3 ) a non-event , since the move was widely anticipated .
wall street analysts debated whether the announcement was : 1 ) bad news , since it curtails business growth ; 2 ) good news , since the fed signaled that this would be the last [raise] of the year ; or 3 ) a non-event , since the move was widely anticipated .

Beijing will cut tariffs and increase foreign access to its markets .
beijing will cut tariffs and [raise] foreign access to its markets .

Legal analysts called the selection astute , saying Posner 's sterling reputation and conservative credentials would increase the chances of settlement and decrease the likelihood that a resolution would be overturned on appeal .
legal analysts called the selection astute , saying posner 's sterling reputation and conservative credentials would [raise] the chances of settlement and decrease the likelihood that a resolution would be overturned on appeal .

Together with Professor Zhiqiang Liu , Ehrlich has recently revisited the subject , refuting his most vocal critics and offering new evidence in support of his original conclusion : Increase the number of convictions by 1 percent and ( to a very rough approximation ) the murder rate falls by about 1 percent .
together with professor zhiqiang liu , ehrlich has recently revisited the subject , refuting his most vocal critics and offering new evidence in support of his original conclusion : [raise] the number of convictions by 1 percent and ( to a very rough approximation ) the murder rate falls by about 1 percent .

Increase the number of executions by 1 percent ( which amounts to increasing the severity of the average punishment ) and ( again to a very rough approximation ) the murder rate falls by about half a percent .
[raise] the number of executions by 1 percent ( which amounts to increasing the severity of the average punishment ) and ( again to a very rough approximation ) the murder rate falls by about half a percent .

The same place any corporate savings go -- into the pockets of the stockholders , increasing their earnings from $ 240,000 to $ 600,000 -- a 150 percent increase overnight .
the same place any corporate savings go -- into the pockets of the stockholders , increasing their earnings from $ 240,000 to $ 600,000 -- a 150 percent [raise] overnight .

Unlike , say , the Club , a Lojack will never prevent any particular car from being stolen ; it will only increase the chance of its being recovered .
unlike , say , the club , a lojack will never prevent any particular car from being stolen ; it will only [raise] the chance of its being recovered .

It turns out that a 1 percent increase in Lojack sales can reduce auto-theft rates by 20 percent or more .
it turns out that a 1 percent [raise] in lojack sales can reduce auto-theft rates by 20 percent or more .

The data suggest that , on average , a 10-percent increase in the rate of owner occupation is associated with a 2-percent increase in the rate of unemployment .
the data suggest that , on average , a 10-percent [raise] in the rate of owner occupation is associated with a 2-percent [raise] in the rate of unemployment .

In fact , Oswald 's theory passes at least one version of that test : As homeownership has risen over the past few decades , there has been an increase in time spent unemployed but little change in the frequency of job loss .
in fact , oswald 's theory passes at least one version of that test : as homeownership has risen over the past few decades , there has been an [raise] in time spent unemployed but little change in the frequency of job loss .

The most obvious candidates are age and wealth , either of which can increase the odds of both homeownership and long-term unemployment ( the young and the poor scramble harder for jobs ) .
the most obvious candidates are age and wealth , either of which can [raise] the odds of both homeownership and long-term unemployment ( the young and the poor scramble harder for jobs ) .

The odd thing about Shalala 's claim that the number of children abused and neglected doubled from 1.4 million in 1986 to 2.8 million in 1993 is that no other signs point to such a dramatic increase in child abuse and neglect .
the odd thing about shalala 's claim that the number of children abused and neglected doubled from 1.4 million in 1986 to 2.8 million in 1993 is that no other signs point to such a dramatic [raise] in child abuse and neglect .

Endangered children account for 55 percent of the increase .
endangered children account for 55 percent of the [raise] .

Emotional abuse and neglect account for another 15 percent of the increase .
emotional abuse and neglect account for another 15 percent of the [raise] .

Emotional maltreatment accounted for fully half of the increase in serious cases .
emotional maltreatment accounted for fully half of the [raise] in serious cases .

It means that the increase in goods and services in the economy was $ 280 billion , less than one-seventh of the increase in claims on goods and services implied by the rise in prices on the New York Stock Exchange alone .
it means that the [raise] in goods and services in the economy was $ 280 billion , less than one-seventh of the [raise] in claims on goods and services implied by the rise in prices on the new york stock exchange alone .

Add the other exchanges , the NASDAQ , real estate , and various other investments , and the growth in the economy 's capacity to produce real wealth shrinks into insignificance compared with the increase in `` wealth '' as perceived by the owners of these investments .
add the other exchanges , the nasdaq , real estate , and various other investments , and the growth in the economy 's capacity to produce real wealth shrinks into insignificance compared with the [raise] in `` wealth '' as perceived by the owners of these investments .

A related possibility : The increase in stockholder wealth could reflect a transfer from those Americans who do n't own stocks .
a related possibility : the [raise] in stockholder wealth could reflect a transfer from those americans who do n't own stocks .

In fact , those safeguards would be strengthened by the fact that any tax increase would have to be quite broad-based .
in fact , those safeguards would be strengthened by the fact that any tax [raise] would have to be quite broad-based .

Traditionally , business journalists describe every increase in the overall trade deficit as a `` worsening . ''
traditionally , business journalists describe every [raise] in the overall trade deficit as a `` worsening . ''

For instance the Air Force , long the most resistant of the services to affirmative action , recently changed its promotion policy to increase its number of black pilots .
for instance the air force , long the most resistant of the services to affirmative action , recently changed its promotion policy to [raise] its number of black pilots .

The defining characteristic of a therapeutic bill is its thrift : It does n't increase the budget ; it requires no new taxes ; and it offends no special-interest group .
the defining characteristic of a therapeutic bill is its thrift : it does n't [raise] the budget ; it requires no new taxes ; and it offends no special-interest group .

Following the injection of the blocker , the researchers observed an increase of the brain chemical CRF in the amygdala , a portion of the brain involved with the emotions of fear and aggression .
following the injection of the blocker , the researchers observed an [raise] of the brain chemical crf in the amygdala , a portion of the brain involved with the emotions of fear and aggression .

The study found an increase of the neurotransmitter dopamine in rats ' nucleus accumbens -- often termed `` the pleasure center of the brain '' -- following several cannabinoid injections .
the study found an [raise] of the neurotransmitter dopamine in rats ' nucleus accumbens -- often termed `` the pleasure center of the brain '' -- following several cannabinoid injections .

Most recreational drugs , like heroin , cocaine , alcohol , and nicotine , increase dopamine in the accumbens .
most recreational drugs , like heroin , cocaine , alcohol , and nicotine , [raise] dopamine in the accumbens .

While recognizing that other researchers have tried and failed to induce an increase of dopamine in the accumbens by injecting cannabinoids , the authors use their results to suggest that marijuana is more like heroin and cocaine than was previously thought .
while recognizing that other researchers have tried and failed to induce an [raise] of dopamine in the accumbens by injecting cannabinoids , the authors use their results to suggest that marijuana is more like heroin and cocaine than was previously thought .

Lost in the mix is that fact that other published and studies have found that cannabinoids do n't increase dopamine in the accumbens .
lost in the mix is that fact that other published and studies have found that cannabinoids do n't [raise] dopamine in the accumbens .

In 1996 the chairman of the Republican National Committee , Haley Barbour , promised $ 1 million to any American who proved that a GOP budget proposal did not increase Medicare spending by more than 50 percent .
in 1996 the chairman of the republican national committee , haley barbour , promised $ 1 million to any american who proved that a gop budget proposal did not [raise] medicare spending by more than 50 percent .

In the long run , the impact of day trading on stock prices is negligible , and although the rise of the Net has facilitated day trading , in fact day trading as it 's done at firms such as All-Tech and Momentum looks more like old investing than new investing , in this sense : The people who profit from day trading are not the day traders , but the firms that reap huge commissions from all the trading , just as old-line brokers tended to encourage people to trade to increase churn in their accounts and boost commissions .
in the long run , the impact of day trading on stock prices is negligible , and although the rise of the net has facilitated day trading , in fact day trading as it 's done at firms such as all-tech and momentum looks more like old investing than new investing , in this sense : the people who profit from day trading are not the day traders , but the firms that reap huge commissions from all the trading , just as old-line brokers tended to encourage people to trade to [raise] churn in their accounts and boost commissions .

The surpluses projected for the next 10 years are enough `` to save Social Security , save Medicare , increase defense spending , run the Government in a way that would be satisfactory to most Americans and even provide a modest tax cut . ''
the surpluses projected for the next 10 years are enough `` to save social security , save medicare , [raise] defense spending , run the government in a way that would be satisfactory to most americans and even provide a modest tax cut . ''

Along with that came news that unit labor costs leapt 3.8 percent in the second quarter , after a minuscule 0.8 percent increase in the first .
along with that came news that unit labor costs leapt 3.8 percent in the second quarter , after a minuscule 0.8 percent [raise] in the first .

Productivity is the key economic statistic , because only increases in productivity can increase the ability of the economy to grow without the artificial boost of inflation .
productivity is the key economic statistic , because only increases in productivity can [raise] the ability of the economy to grow without the artificial boost of inflation .

The only way an economy can become something more than a bunch of people taking in each other 's washing , that is , the only way an economy can actually improve living standards and increase the collective wealth , is when one of two things happens : Either people work more hours , changing empty time into a product or service , or people create more value with those same hours .
the only way an economy can become something more than a bunch of people taking in each other 's washing , that is , the only way an economy can actually improve living standards and [raise] the collective wealth , is when one of two things happens : either people work more hours , changing empty time into a product or service , or people create more value with those same hours .

CHA director Phil Jackson and Mayor Richard M. Daley have made it a goal to increase the number of units that provide residents with air conditioning , said Daley 's press secretary , Jacquelyn Heard .
cha director phil jackson and mayor richard m. daley have made it a goal to [raise] the number of units that provide residents with air conditioning , said daley 's press secretary , jacquelyn heard .

Customers were tepid , wondering whether the mammoth company would improve consumers ' access to products or increase investors ' access to profits .
customers were tepid , wondering whether the mammoth company would improve consumers ' access to products or [raise] investors ' access to profits .

If approved by Postal Rate Commission , stamps for letters and postcards would each increase by a penny in early 2001 , to 34 and 21 cents , respectively .
if approved by postal rate commission , stamps for letters and postcards would each [raise] by a penny in early 2001 , to 34 and 21 cents , respectively .

When asked about Gore 's query , Eric Hauser , a spokesman for Bradley , pointed out that Gore was no more willing than Bradley to rule out a tax increase .
when asked about gore 's query , eric hauser , a spokesman for bradley , pointed out that gore was no more willing than bradley to rule out a tax [raise] .

The counterintuitive causes : Wall Street darling Alan Greenspan was nominated for a fourth term as Federal Reserve chairman , and Y2K economic disruptions never surfaced -- both of which increase the likelihood that the Fed will raise interest rates .
the counterintuitive causes : wall street darling alan greenspan was nominated for a fourth term as federal reserve chairman , and y2k economic disruptions never surfaced -- both of which [raise] the likelihood that the fed will raise interest rates .

Analysts differed as to whether the concessions would make a settlement more likely or increase the hijackers ' determination to achieve their remaining demand .
analysts differed as to whether the concessions would make a settlement more likely or [raise] the hijackers ' determination to achieve their remaining demand .

The $ 690 million increase would add 120,000 families to the 1.7 million currently receiving the housing vouchers .
the $ 690 million [raise] would add 120,000 families to the 1.7 million currently receiving the housing vouchers .

Western observers worried that the vote signaled an increase in Russian nationalism , but they drew hope from the increasing routineness of elections .
western observers worried that the vote signaled an [raise] in russian nationalism , but they drew hope from the increasing routineness of elections .

Much of that proposal was incorporated into the 1993 Clinton-Gore tax increase .
much of that proposal was incorporated into the 1993 clinton-gore tax [raise] .

The New York Times explains that this is `` a sensible way to increase minority enrollments without relying on a strategy that takes race into account . ''
the new york times explains that this is `` a sensible way to [raise] minority enrollments without relying on a strategy that takes race into account . ''

The whole point is to increase minority enrollment .
the whole point is to [raise] minority enrollment .

You only have to imagine a state policy applying the high-school quota system to , say , basketball scholarships -- and explicitly being praised by state officials as a way to increase the number of white basketball players -- to realize how empty the claims are that this arrangement avoids the alleged evil of racial preference .
you only have to imagine a state policy applying the high-school quota system to , say , basketball scholarships -- and explicitly being praised by state officials as a way to [raise] the number of white basketball players -- to realize how empty the claims are that this arrangement avoids the alleged evil of racial preference .

He softly negotiates a salary increase with the company 's lead comic ( Martin Savage ) , a neurasthenic junkie .
he softly negotiates a salary [raise] with the company 's lead comic ( martin savage ) , a neurasthenic junkie .

A union official quoted in Lima 's El Comercio said , `` Fujimori has n't told the country how he plans to solve the unemployment problem , or the recession , or how to increase non-traditional exports .
a union official quoted in lima 's el comercio said , `` fujimori has n't told the country how he plans to solve the unemployment problem , or the recession , or how to [raise] non-traditional exports .

Stripped of the power to increase taxes , the House and Senate have been reduced to ceremonial bodies .
stripped of the power to [raise] taxes , the house and senate have been reduced to ceremonial bodies .

Does Chait advocate pay table reform rather than an across-the-board increase in pay ?
does chait advocate pay table reform rather than an across-the-board [raise] in pay ?

Further exploration would have turned up studies by the University of Georgia ( if memory serves ) and American Automobile Association showing either no increase or decrease in fatalities on roads where the speed limit was increased .
further exploration would have turned up studies by the university of georgia ( if memory serves ) and american automobile association showing either no [raise] or decrease in fatalities on roads where the speed limit was increased .

It says : 1 ) pot can reduce pain , anxiety , and nausea in chemotherapy patients and people with AIDS ; and 2 ) its medical use would not increase casual pot smoking or more serious drug use among healthy people ; but 3 ) since pot smoke is toxic , only people whose long-term health is moot ( i.e. , terminally ill people ) should use it .
it says : 1 ) pot can reduce pain , anxiety , and nausea in chemotherapy patients and people with aids ; and 2 ) its medical use would not [raise] casual pot smoking or more serious drug use among healthy people ; but 3 ) since pot smoke is toxic , only people whose long-term health is moot ( i.e. , terminally ill people ) should use it .

Firms can grow for any number of reasons , but only one is mathematically certain , and that is the one Glassman 's argument depends on : A firm that earns $ 1 can use it to expand , and thus increase its earnings , expand even more , and so on .
firms can grow for any number of reasons , but only one is mathematically certain , and that is the one glassman 's argument depends on : a firm that earns $ 1 can use it to expand , and thus [raise] its earnings , expand even more , and so on .

In 35 years , earnings per share will pass $ 6 and continue to increase .
in 35 years , earnings per share will pass $ 6 and continue to [raise] .

She appears to be an apolitical soccer mom , but she 's actually a liberal do-gooder and her advocacy of mental-health issues threatens to increase health-care costs for most Americans .
she appears to be an apolitical soccer mom , but she 's actually a liberal do-gooder and her advocacy of mental-health issues threatens to [raise] health-care costs for most americans .

To justify a new increase in military pay , the Pentagon and legislators are citing a 13 percent `` pay gap '' between the salaries of servicemen and their civilian counterparts .
to justify a new [raise] in military pay , the pentagon and legislators are citing a 13 percent `` pay gap '' between the salaries of servicemen and their civilian counterparts .

Ignoring for a moment whether a dramatic increase in military pay is needed , the 13 percent figure is bogus .
ignoring for a moment whether a dramatic [raise] in military pay is needed , the 13 percent figure is bogus .

The 1982 starting point -- as opposed to some other year -- makes the gap look especially big , since there was a substantial military pay increase in 1981 .
the 1982 starting point -- as opposed to some other year -- makes the gap look especially big , since there was a substantial military pay [raise] in 1981 .

In 1999 alone , REITs , on average , are expected to increase their earnings by 10 percent , with inflation at about 2 percent .
in 1999 alone , reits , on average , are expected to [raise] their earnings by 10 percent , with inflation at about 2 percent .

Was the price increase over that period justified ?
was the price [raise] over that period justified ?

Some proponents of such course labels have suggested classes be rated like TV programs -- but , Gignac points out , `` that might increase enrollment in some classes '' with particularly racy ratings .
some proponents of such course labels have suggested classes be rated like tv programs -- but , gignac points out , `` that might [raise] enrollment in some classes '' with particularly racy ratings .

Targeting may increase what advertisers will spend per eyeball , but it also reduces the number of eyeballs they have to pay for .
targeting may [raise] what advertisers will spend per eyeball , but it also reduces the number of eyeballs they have to pay for .

The apparent going premium of 50 percent for a targeted ad on the Internet suggests that Internet advertising may be as likely to reduce total ad spending as to increase it .
the apparent going premium of 50 percent for a targeted ad on the internet suggests that internet advertising may be as likely to reduce total ad spending as to [raise] it .

That would be a tenfold increase in the Internet 's share .
that would be a tenfold [raise] in the internet 's share .

Because electronic publishing eliminates paper , printing , warehousing , and delivery , costs are lower , say writers , so publishers should take a smaller share of a book 's price , and the writer 's share should increase .
because electronic publishing eliminates paper , printing , warehousing , and delivery , costs are lower , say writers , so publishers should take a smaller share of a book 's price , and the writer 's share should [raise] .

The United States should limit technology transfers , increase spying on Beijing , strengthen our military alliances with China 's neighbors ( notably Japan and Korea ) , and stall China 's weapons development as much as we peaceably can .
the united states should limit technology transfers , [raise] spying on beijing , strengthen our military alliances with china 's neighbors ( notably japan and korea ) , and stall china 's weapons development as much as we peaceably can .

In Ecuador , Monday 's reopening of the banks , after a week of government-ordered closure , put the population in the streets , as depositors queued to withdraw their funds and striking taxi drivers and bus operators blocked roads to protest a 165 percent increase in the price of gasoline .
in ecuador , monday 's reopening of the banks , after a week of government-ordered closure , put the population in the streets , as depositors queued to withdraw their funds and striking taxi drivers and bus operators blocked roads to protest a 165 percent [raise] in the price of gasoline .

In the London Evening Standard , conservative historian Andrew Roberts warned against the demonization of Slobodan Milosevic , because it would increase his support among the Serbs .
in the london evening standard , conservative historian andrew roberts warned against the demonization of slobodan milosevic , because it would [raise] his support among the serbs .

The net result is not only far more transactions at much lower costs but also a sharp increase in market participation , thanks to the price discrimination seen over time .
the net result is not only far more transactions at much lower costs but also a sharp [raise] in market participation , thanks to the price discrimination seen over time .

In his State of the Union address , he announced that the Department of Justice would sue cigarette companies to recover Medicare costs of smokers , a backdoor way to have the courts increase federal tobacco revenues without going through Congress .
in his state of the union address , he announced that the department of justice would sue cigarette companies to recover medicare costs of smokers , a backdoor way to have the courts [raise] federal tobacco revenues without going through congress .

On one side , they have worried that unless something dramatic is done to increase demand Japan may go into a deflationary tailspin ; that the expectation of falling prices will make consumers and businesses even less willing to spend , worsening the slump and driving prices down all the faster .
on one side , they have worried that unless something dramatic is done to [raise] demand japan may go into a deflationary tailspin ; that the expectation of falling prices will make consumers and businesses even less willing to spend , worsening the slump and driving prices down all the faster .

I understand a joke with a Volpe punch line or a joke about the NYPD 's sincere efforts to increase minority recruitment ( no kidding , this time they mean it ) or to make the many other reforms persistently resisted by both the department and the mayor ( I 'm serious , this time they really , really mean it ) .
i understand a joke with a volpe punch line or a joke about the nypd 's sincere efforts to [raise] minority recruitment ( no kidding , this time they mean it ) or to make the many other reforms persistently resisted by both the department and the mayor ( i 'm serious , this time they really , really mean it ) .

The paper went on , `` He would not only greatly increase his international standing , but the achievement of any peace , however fragile , in the Balkans would slow the deterioration of Russia 's political situation at home . ''
the paper went on , `` he would not only greatly [raise] his international standing , but the achievement of any peace , however fragile , in the balkans would slow the deterioration of russia 's political situation at home . ''

Besides the widely reported increase in the bust-line of teen singing star Britney Spears , Gwyneth Paltrow is planning an expansion , reports the Star .
besides the widely reported [raise] in the bust-line of teen singing star britney spears , gwyneth paltrow is planning an expansion , reports the star .

After referring to the USA Today report that economists do n't expect rising gasoline prices to trigger inflation , `` '' concludes with the rhetorical flourish , `` Huh -- is n't inflation primarily measured as a rate of increase in cost ? ''
after referring to the usa today report that economists do n't expect rising gasoline prices to trigger inflation , `` '' concludes with the rhetorical flourish , `` huh -- is n't inflation primarily measured as a rate of [raise] in cost ? ''

The increase or decrease in any particular item not only does not , but can not , produce inflation .
the [raise] or decrease in any particular item not only does not , but can not , produce inflation .

Inflation , by definition , occurs when the government increases the money supply faster than the real growth of the economy , because this increase is the only way more money can become available to chase the same number of goods .
inflation , by definition , occurs when the government increases the money supply faster than the real growth of the economy , because this [raise] is the only way more money can become available to chase the same number of goods .

If food and medical care tripled in cost , people would of necessity spend less on other things to pay for the increase or cut down on the food and medical care they purchased .
if food and medical care tripled in cost , people would of necessity spend less on other things to pay for the [raise] or cut down on the food and medical care they purchased .

There would not be , nor could there have been , an overall increase in prices .
there would not be , nor could there have been , an overall [raise] in prices .

An overall increase in prices is only possible when there has been an overall increase in the amount of money in circulation .
an overall [raise] in prices is only possible when there has been an overall [raise] in the amount of money in circulation .

The oral-sex tape starts with `` well-known sex therapist '' Diana Wiley , in her poofy hair and broad-shouldered blue power suit , looking like she was about to explain how the sales force could increase its third-quarter productivity .
the oral-sex tape starts with `` well-known sex therapist '' diana wiley , in her poofy hair and broad-shouldered blue power suit , looking like she was about to explain how the sales force could [raise] its third-quarter productivity .

The Chronicle of Higher Education attributes the increase enrollment at Christian colleges -- up 24 percent between 1990 and 1996 -- partly to parents ' concerns about binge drinking and other behaviors at public institutions .
the chronicle of higher education attributes the [raise] enrollment at christian colleges -- up 24 percent between 1990 and 1996 -- partly to parents ' concerns about binge drinking and other behaviors at public institutions .

Salon is losing money at a rate of $ 6 million a year and admits that this figure will probably increase .
salon is losing money at a rate of $ 6 million a year and admits that this figure will probably [raise] .

The prospectus is surely mistaken in saying that Salon lost $ 4.3 million from April through December of 1998 , and `` We expect these operating losses to increase for at least the foreseeable future . ''
the prospectus is surely mistaken in saying that salon lost $ 4.3 million from april through december of 1998 , and `` we expect these operating losses to [raise] for at least the foreseeable future . ''

The law of diminishing returns says that if the amount of one input applied to a production process is increased , the yield will not increase proportionately .
the law of diminishing returns says that if the amount of one input applied to a production process is increased , the yield will not [raise] proportionately .

The other half is to increase the calories one burns .
the other half is to [raise] the calories one burns .

Although China currently launches relatively few satellites , Loral , like its competitors Hughes and Lockheed Martin , aims to increase its use of Chinese rockets for several reasons :
although china currently launches relatively few satellites , loral , like its competitors hughes and lockheed martin , aims to [raise] its use of chinese rockets for several reasons :

Russia 's post-communist GDP grew for the first time -- a 0.4 percent increase in real terms .
russia 's post-communist gdp grew for the first time -- a 0.4 percent [raise] in real terms .

Republicans say that Bill Clinton imposed the biggest tax increase in American history .
republicans say that bill clinton imposed the biggest tax [raise] in american history .

Democrats disagree , saying Dole himself is responsible for the biggest tax increase in history : a massive tax bill he engineered as Senate Finance Committee chairman in 1982. Who 's right ?
democrats disagree , saying dole himself is responsible for the biggest tax [raise] in history : a massive tax bill he engineered as senate finance committee chairman in 1982. who 's right ?

The Dole measure was estimated by the Joint Committee on Taxation to increase the Treasury 's take over the next five years by $ 235 billion .
the dole measure was estimated by the joint committee on taxation to [raise] the treasury 's take over the next five years by $ 235 billion .

Measured in 1982 dollars , Clinton 's tax increase would be worth only about $ 165 billion -- $ 70 billion less than Dole 's .
measured in 1982 dollars , clinton 's tax [raise] would be worth only about $ 165 billion -- $ 70 billion less than dole 's .

On the other hand , most of Dole 's tax increase was actually the partial repeal of future tax cuts that had been enacted in 1981 but had not yet taken place .
on the other hand , most of dole 's tax [raise] was actually the partial repeal of future tax cuts that had been enacted in 1981 but had not yet taken place .

Whether repeal of a future tax cut counts as a tax increase is a metaphysical question .
whether repeal of a future tax cut counts as a tax [raise] is a metaphysical question .

If the answer is `` no , '' Clinton 's tax increase is larger .
if the answer is `` no , '' clinton 's tax [raise] is larger .

Republicans charge that Clinton promised a middle-class tax cut and delivered a tax increase instead .
republicans charge that clinton promised a middle-class tax cut and delivered a tax [raise] instead .

A promise to increase taxes on the affluent was , in fact , a central feature of Clinton 's 1992 campaign .
a promise to [raise] taxes on the affluent was , in fact , a central feature of clinton 's 1992 campaign .

Almost two-thirds ( 63 percent ) of the projected revenues in Clinton 's tax increase hit high-income couples ( over $ 140,000 a year ) and individuals ( over $ 115,000 ) .
almost two-thirds ( 63 percent ) of the projected revenues in clinton 's tax [raise] hit high-income couples ( over $ 140,000 a year ) and individuals ( over $ 115,000 ) .

Most of this came from an increase in the top income-tax rate .
most of this came from an [raise] in the top income-tax rate .

Whether increasing the portion of a government benefit check that the government reclaims in taxes amounts to a payment reduction or a tax increase is another metaphysical question .
whether increasing the portion of a government benefit check that the government reclaims in taxes amounts to a payment reduction or a tax [raise] is another metaphysical question .

Whether a government check intended to mitigate a tax burden amounts to a tax cut or a spending increase is yet another metaphysical question .
whether a government check intended to mitigate a tax burden amounts to a tax cut or a spending [raise] is yet another metaphysical question .

Nevertheless , it was a middle-class tax increase , not a middle-class tax cut .
nevertheless , it was a middle-class tax [raise] , not a middle-class tax cut .

Is getting people to pay taxes they already owe but would otherwise escape a `` tax increase '' ?
is getting people to pay taxes they already owe but would otherwise escape a `` tax [raise] '' ?

Rep. Susan Molinari used this figure in her Republican Convention keynote address to illustrate the burden of Clinton 's tax increase .
rep. susan molinari used this figure in her republican convention keynote address to illustrate the burden of clinton 's tax [raise] .

The increase in this figure is due entirely to the rise in state and local taxes .
the [raise] in this figure is due entirely to the rise in state and local taxes .

Under Clinton , drug spending has risen 13.2 percent in three years , compared with an increase of 11.6 percent in the federal budget as a whole .
under clinton , drug spending has risen 13.2 percent in three years , compared with an [raise] of 11.6 percent in the federal budget as a whole .

He has asked Congress to increase interdiction funding by 7 percent and international program funding by 25 percent in 1997 .
he has asked congress to [raise] interdiction funding by 7 percent and international program funding by 25 percent in 1997 .

Why the increase in Hispanic turnout and support for Democrats ?
why the [raise] in hispanic turnout and support for democrats ?

Moreover , they have not found any increase in illness among Gulf veterans as a whole or among those exposed to the proposed agents .
moreover , they have not found any [raise] in illness among gulf veterans as a whole or among those exposed to the proposed agents .

Traders interpreted Greenspan 's delicate rhetorical query , made during a speech at a conservative think tank , to imply that he believed the stock market was overvalued , and that the Federal Reserve might be about to increase interest rates in order to lower stock prices .
traders interpreted greenspan 's delicate rhetorical query , made during a speech at a conservative think tank , to imply that he believed the stock market was overvalued , and that the federal reserve might be about to [raise] interest rates in order to lower stock prices .

The Fed 's principal stock-deflating tool is an increase in interest rates , which draws money out of stocks and into bonds .
the fed 's principal stock-deflating tool is an [raise] in interest rates , which draws money out of stocks and into bonds .

Why the rate increase , when profits are high ?
why the rate [raise] , when profits are high ?

USPS plans to increase revenues by boosting its share of the parcel market .
usps plans to [raise] revenues by boosting its share of the parcel market .

He and his party learned the hard way that they were better off cooperating with Democrats on things the country wants , and trying to share the credit -- hence the recent flurry of legislation passed with bipartisan support : welfare reform , health-care portability , and the minimum-wage increase .
he and his party learned the hard way that they were better off cooperating with democrats on things the country wants , and trying to share the credit -- hence the recent flurry of legislation passed with bipartisan support : welfare reform , health-care portability , and the minimum-wage [raise] .

Opponents objected to a four-tenths-of-1-cent increase in the sales tax to pay for the system , and argued that public transportation is a violation of nature in the West , where people like to drive .
opponents objected to a four-tenths-of-1-cent [raise] in the sales tax to pay for the system , and argued that public transportation is a violation of nature in the west , where people like to drive .

It is a bit stupid to spend time debating who is more likely to accede to a toll increase -- as the candidates did in New Jersey .
it is a bit stupid to spend time debating who is more likely to accede to a toll [raise] -- as the candidates did in new jersey .

Among the most sensible options are a slight increase in the retirement age ( in keeping with growing life expectancy ) , a mild means-test ( in keeping with principles of fairness ) , and an adjustment in the Consumer Price Index ( in keeping with economic reality ) .
among the most sensible options are a slight [raise] in the retirement age ( in keeping with growing life expectancy ) , a mild means-test ( in keeping with principles of fairness ) , and an adjustment in the consumer price index ( in keeping with economic reality ) .

Recent hints of an increase in real incomes suggest that affluence may be more widely shared this time around .
recent hints of an [raise] in real incomes suggest that affluence may be more widely shared this time around .

His 1993 economic plan , which passed with zero Republican votes , included a tax increase that was smaller in real terms than the one Bush agreed to in 1990 , but was equally significant as a harbinger of changed direction .
his 1993 economic plan , which passed with zero republican votes , included a tax [raise] that was smaller in real terms than the one bush agreed to in 1990 , but was equally significant as a harbinger of changed direction .

To increase wages significantly without inflation would require a return to pre-1973 levels of real growth , which has n't happened .
to [raise] wages significantly without inflation would require a return to pre-1973 levels of real growth , which has n't happened .

Since the Gingrich revolution went sour in 1995 -- and in a larger sense , since the party began feuding over George Bush 's tax increase in 1991 -- conservatives have been a tribe lost in the wilderness .
since the gingrich revolution went sour in 1995 -- and in a larger sense , since the party began feuding over george bush 's tax [raise] in 1991 -- conservatives have been a tribe lost in the wilderness .

He supported Bill Clinton 's proposed ban on permanent replacement of strikers and voted for an increase in the minimum wage .
he supported bill clinton 's proposed ban on permanent replacement of strikers and voted for an [raise] in the minimum wage .

There 's the steady increase in the number of Internet users , who nonetheless account for barely 15 percent of the adult population .
there 's the steady [raise] in the number of internet users , who nonetheless account for barely 15 percent of the adult population .

Dole 's attack on Clinton for presiding over an increase in drug use by young people had the potential to bite ; by tossing out the drug-testing idea , Clinton could claim to be doing something about the problem .
dole 's attack on clinton for presiding over an [raise] in drug use by young people had the potential to bite ; by tossing out the drug-testing idea , clinton could claim to be doing something about the problem .

Magazine mavens rehashed the debates over whether 1 ) she had made The New Yorker trashy or refreshingly hip and 2 ) its increase in circulation outweighed its financial losses during her tenure .
magazine mavens rehashed the debates over whether 1 ) she had made the new yorker trashy or refreshingly hip and 2 ) its [raise] in circulation outweighed its financial losses during her tenure .

The spot purports to detail the Clinton tax increase -- with a newspaper headline .
the spot purports to detail the clinton tax [raise] -- with a newspaper headline .

The Clinton campaign disputes the charge of `` the largest tax increase in history . ''
the clinton campaign disputes the charge of `` the largest tax [raise] in history . ''

The Republicans offer it without fear of refutation , both because Democratic Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan said it and because it 's not much of a defense to reply that it 's only the second-largest tax increase .
the republicans offer it without fear of refutation , both because democratic sen. daniel patrick moynihan said it and because it 's not much of a defense to reply that it 's only the second-largest tax [raise] .

Almost all of Clinton 's tax increase hit high-income people .
almost all of clinton 's tax [raise] hit high-income people .

Hold discounts the popular assumption that Republicans are tax cutters by citing areas where it 's believable that they would increase taxes -- '' working families '' and `` Social Security '' -- areas where Democrats have the natural advantage .
hold discounts the popular assumption that republicans are tax cutters by citing areas where it 's believable that they would [raise] taxes -- '' working families '' and `` social security '' -- areas where democrats have the natural advantage .

Will voters go for the Dole tax cut , the Republican equivalent of a 15 percent wage increase ?
will voters go for the dole tax cut , the republican equivalent of a 15 percent wage [raise] ?

Thus far , critics have offered amendments to cap lawyers ' fees ( defeated ) and increase the price hike ( defeated ) .
thus far , critics have offered amendments to cap lawyers ' fees ( defeated ) and [raise] the price hike ( defeated ) .

The Republicans say they want to limit the increase of Medicare spending to 7 percent .
the republicans say they want to limit the [raise] of medicare spending to 7 percent .

The Democrats maintain that the Republicans ' increase in spending is below the rate of medical inflation ( the Republicans respond by pointing to the general rate of inflation ) .
the democrats maintain that the republicans ' [raise] in spending is below the rate of medical inflation ( the republicans respond by pointing to the general rate of inflation ) .

The subtext is that this may be the only real-income increase hard-pressed workers will get .
the subtext is that this may be the only real-income [raise] hard-pressed workers will get .

I am not aware of any studies comparing the number of words an average person could expect to hear spoken in a typical day 500 years ago vs. the number that can be heard now , but the increase surely is vast .
i am not aware of any studies comparing the number of words an average person could expect to hear spoken in a typical day 500 years ago vs. the number that can be heard now , but the [raise] surely is vast .

The idea that value may decrease as a result of the very efforts made to increase it is an essential part of human experience , and it will ensure value-subtraction -- in its value-added sense -- a long and distinguished career .
the idea that value may decrease as a result of the very efforts made to [raise] it is an essential part of human experience , and it will ensure value-subtraction -- in its value-added sense -- a long and distinguished career .

The key provisions : tax credits for most families with children , $ 35 billion in education-related tax credits and deductions , including for interest on student loans and penalty-free withdrawals to pay education expenses from IRA accounts , an increase in cigarette taxes the added revenue mostly going towards state-chosen child health programs , a drop in the capital gains tax rates -- including for most homeowners , no tax on home sale profits -- and reduced inheritance taxes .
the key provisions : tax credits for most families with children , $ 35 billion in education-related tax credits and deductions , including for interest on student loans and penalty-free withdrawals to pay education expenses from ira accounts , an [raise] in cigarette taxes the added revenue mostly going towards state-chosen child health programs , a drop in the capital gains tax rates -- including for most homeowners , no tax on home sale profits -- and reduced inheritance taxes .

Both sides also are resigned to an increase in cigarette taxes to offset costs of health care for uninsured children . ''
both sides also are resigned to an [raise] in cigarette taxes to offset costs of health care for uninsured children . ''

Does the likelihood of such a `` happiness boost '' increase when you graduate from prosperous to out-of-sight rich ?
does the likelihood of such a `` happiness boost '' [raise] when you graduate from prosperous to out-of-sight rich ?

The NYT has a good front-page piece about the juvenile court system , making the point that it is so overwhelmed by the increase in juvenile crime and the breakdown of the family that almost no one believes it still serves a useful purpose .
the nyt has a good front-page piece about the juvenile court system , making the point that it is so overwhelmed by the [raise] in juvenile crime and the breakdown of the family that almost no one believes it still serves a useful purpose .

Before welfare reform , at least , an additional child usually meant an increase in a poor urban family 's benefits .
before welfare reform , at least , an additional child usually meant an [raise] in a poor urban family 's benefits .

In essence , options give the employee any future increase in stock price .
in essence , options give the employee any future [raise] in stock price .

If the price does n't increase , the options are worthless .
if the price does n't [raise] , the options are worthless .

Not even if it means accepting funding cuts that the Guttmacher Institute concluded would lead to an increase in unwanted pregnancies , maternal deaths , and infant mortality .
not even if it means accepting funding cuts that the guttmacher institute concluded would lead to an [raise] in unwanted pregnancies , maternal deaths , and infant mortality .

The effect was , first , to increase the allure of the book ( There must be something really hot in there !
the effect was , first , to [raise] the allure of the book ( there must be something really hot in there !

Therefore , what you 'd most want to know from a policy standpoint -- how much education can increase opportunity -- is n't dealt with in the book , except in two obscure footnotes .
therefore , what you 'd most want to know from a policy standpoint -- how much education can [raise] opportunity -- is n't dealt with in the book , except in two obscure footnotes .

For the government to honor these bonds will require huge borrowing ( essentially replacing these IOUs to itself with real IOUs to private individuals ) or a huge tax increase .
for the government to honor these bonds will require huge borrowing ( essentially replacing these ious to itself with real ious to private individuals ) or a huge tax [raise] .

The arrival of this huge pot of money looking for a home will depress returns in the private economy , while the need to attract an equally huge pot of money into the Treasury to replace the lost revenue will increase the returns on government bonds .
the arrival of this huge pot of money looking for a home will depress returns in the private economy , while the need to attract an equally huge pot of money into the treasury to replace the lost revenue will [raise] the returns on government bonds .

The most direct way for Social Security to affect future prosperity ( as Aaron pointed out in the `` Committee '' ) is to increase national savings , of which the Social Security reserve is part , by trimming benefits and/or increasing revenues .
the most direct way for social security to affect future prosperity ( as aaron pointed out in the `` committee '' ) is to [raise] national savings , of which the social security reserve is part , by trimming benefits and/or increasing revenues .

Whether all that amounts to a tax hike or not depends on whether you count not getting previously guaranteed tax cuts as a tax increase .
whether all that amounts to a tax hike or not depends on whether you count not getting previously guaranteed tax cuts as a tax [raise] .

There is a threat of a real tax increase .
there is a threat of a real tax [raise] .

If they have overestimated how far the CPI is off , Boskin and his commission may institutionalize an underestimated CPI -- guaranteeing a yearly , stealth tax increase .
if they have overestimated how far the cpi is off , boskin and his commission may institutionalize an underestimated cpi -- guaranteeing a yearly , stealth tax [raise] .

The Times , concludes that the troubles of the religious right will increase the willingness of Republican candidates to distance themselves from the coalition .
the times , concludes that the troubles of the religious right will [raise] the willingness of republican candidates to distance themselves from the coalition .

The paper reports that the good news is due to many factors , including : the increasing prevalence of smoke alarms , major strides made in the treatment of burn patients , tougher building codes , tighter standards for fire resistant furnishings , migration of many hazardous jobs overseas , the growing percentage of meals that are eaten outside of the home , the increase in the use of microwaves and the decrease in smoking .
the paper reports that the good news is due to many factors , including : the increasing prevalence of smoke alarms , major strides made in the treatment of burn patients , tougher building codes , tighter standards for fire resistant furnishings , migration of many hazardous jobs overseas , the growing percentage of meals that are eaten outside of the home , the [raise] in the use of microwaves and the decrease in smoking .

The most concrete sign of the trend , the paper says , is the sharp increase in hung juries .
the most concrete sign of the trend , the paper says , is the sharp [raise] in hung juries .

USA Today reefers the Cuba story at the bottom of its front , while leading with the endorsement by new California Governor Gray Davis in his inaugural address of a plan to increase diversity in the state 's university system by admitting the top 4 percent of each California high school graduating class .
usa today reefers the cuba story at the bottom of its front , while leading with the endorsement by new california governor gray davis in his inaugural address of a plan to [raise] diversity in the state 's university system by admitting the top 4 percent of each california high school graduating class .

The New York Times leads with President Clinton 's proposed spending increase for the military .
the new york times leads with president clinton 's proposed spending [raise] for the military .

The NYT reports that on the advice of top military officials , President Clinton will propose the first increase in defense spending in nearly a decade and the largest since the cold-war 80 's .
the nyt reports that on the advice of top military officials , president clinton will propose the first [raise] in defense spending in nearly a decade and the largest since the cold-war 80 's .

A question that is not addressed in the article : is the percentage increase a result of more child-only cases or of less overall cases ?
a question that is not addressed in the article : is the percentage [raise] a result of more child-only cases or of less overall cases ?

He wants , says the Post to increase the outfit 's size from its current 40,000 to 100,000 by 2002 .
he wants , says the post to [raise] the outfit 's size from its current 40,000 to 100,000 by 2002 .

The two presidents signed agreements to increase air travel between their countries , to suppress the spread of tuberculosis , and to improve communications between law enforcement on both sides of the border to cut down on migrant death and injury .
the two presidents signed agreements to [raise] air travel between their countries , to suppress the spread of tuberculosis , and to improve communications between law enforcement on both sides of the border to cut down on migrant death and injury .

What 's more , the companies have long argued , says the Times , against higher cigarette taxes by suggesting that an increase would encourage smuggling .
what 's more , the companies have long argued , says the times , against higher cigarette taxes by suggesting that an [raise] would encourage smuggling .

Stocks increase in value because companies increase their earnings .
stocks [raise] in value because companies [raise] their earnings .

The Times lead details classic legislative logrolling : The $ 1.10 per pack tax increase in the tobacco bill , originally all channeled to smoking-related programs , offended many Republicans as classic tax-and-spend , but Republican votes were picked up when the tax-cut provision was added .
the times lead details classic legislative logrolling : the $ 1.10 per pack tax [raise] in the tobacco bill , originally all channeled to smoking-related programs , offended many republicans as classic tax-and-spend , but republican votes were picked up when the tax-cut provision was added .

GM agreed to increase investment in U.S. plants and , in return , UAW members agreed to end their strike -- but the tentative agreement only addresses some of the labor-management disputes , others will crop up again .
gm agreed to [raise] investment in u.s. plants and , in return , uaw members agreed to end their strike -- but the tentative agreement only addresses some of the labor-management disputes , others will crop up again .

Not until the fourth paragraph does the paper explain that `` the recent demographic shifts.are due more to a sharp drop in cases among whites than an increase among blacks . ''
not until the fourth paragraph does the paper explain that `` the recent demographic shifts.are due more to a sharp drop in cases among whites than an [raise] among blacks . ''

There 's no quick fix but plenty of partisan debate -- Democrats want to increase farm subsidies , while Republicans want to find new markets .
there 's no quick fix but plenty of partisan debate -- democrats want to [raise] farm subsidies , while republicans want to find new markets .

Newt Gingrich is quoted by everyone as saying that House Republicans will take up and pass more narrowly focused legislation intended to reduce teen smoking , but not increase taxes .
newt gingrich is quoted by everyone as saying that house republicans will take up and pass more narrowly focused legislation intended to reduce teen smoking , but not [raise] taxes .

Contributing to the rise , says the study , is an increase in the consumption of expensive prescription drugs and new medical technology , plus greater patient demand for choosing one 's doctor .
contributing to the rise , says the study , is an [raise] in the consumption of expensive prescription drugs and new medical technology , plus greater patient demand for choosing one 's doctor .

The animals are largely harmless , but their expansion will markedly increase the road kill counts in their new environs .
the animals are largely harmless , but their expansion will markedly [raise] the road kill counts in their new environs .

The Washington Post says the market 's turnaround yesterday could be attributed in part to the suggestion by Abby Joseph Cohen and several other `` notable strategists '' ( the Post 's phrase ) that investors should increase their stock holdings .
the washington post says the market 's turnaround yesterday could be attributed in part to the suggestion by abby joseph cohen and several other `` notable strategists '' ( the post 's phrase ) that investors should [raise] their stock holdings .

The LAT piece highlights the massive increase in popularity and prestige baseball has garnered as a result of this year 's long ball bonanza .
the lat piece highlights the massive [raise] in popularity and prestige baseball has garnered as a result of this year 's long ball bonanza .

Regardless of how decorative English develops , it seems likely that a Japanese input into English -- whatever forms it takes -- will steadily increase in the twenty-first century , not stay the same or diminish .
regardless of how decorative english develops , it seems likely that a japanese input into english -- whatever forms it takes -- will steadily [raise] in the twenty-first century , not stay the same or diminish .

For those who do not object to ( very ) rough statistics , that averages out to an increase of from 8.9 ( 6.25p ) per page to 15.9 ( 11.5p ) per page .
for those who do not object to ( very ) rough statistics , that averages out to an [raise] of from 8.9 ( 6.25p ) per page to 15.9 ( 11.5p ) per page .

That might seem like an unconscionable increase , allowing for normal inflation , but the costs of paper and postage ( especially ) have been driven up out of proportion .
that might seem like an unconscionable [raise] , allowing for normal inflation , but the costs of paper and postage ( especially ) have been driven up out of proportion .

A similar result is arrived at by calculating in a different way : the almanac estimates a world population of 200 million in AD 1 ; if they had quietly reproduced themselves every twenty-five years , with no increase in the rate of population growth , almost 16 billion people would have lived and died since then .
a similar result is arrived at by calculating in a different way : the almanac estimates a world population of 200 million in ad 1 ; if they had quietly reproduced themselves every twenty-five years , with no [raise] in the rate of population growth , almost 16 billion people would have lived and died since then .

The statement would be true for a pure exponential series ( for example , in the series 1 , 2 , 4 , 8 , 16 , it is clear the 16 > 1 + 2 + 4 + 8 ) , but humankind does not increase by such a series .
the statement would be true for a pure exponential series ( for example , in the series 1 , 2 , 4 , 8 , 16 , it is clear the 16 > 1 + 2 + 4 + 8 ) , but humankind does not [raise] by such a series .

In both papers the chase goes back to 1912 , when there was a sudden increase in assisted immigration and in the consequent expression of attitudes to this immigration .
in both papers the chase goes back to 1912 , when there was a sudden [raise] in assisted immigration and in the consequent expression of attitudes to this immigration .

Its main goal is to increase your vocabulary .
its main goal is to [raise] your vocabulary .

The reason that most books of this type ( How to Increase Your $ 5 Words in 7 Days or Double Your Money Back [ Satisfaction Guaranteed ] ) fail is that they are boring , or mundance , or both .
the reason that most books of this type ( how to [raise] your $ 5 words in 7 days or double your money back [ satisfaction guaranteed ] ) fail is that they are boring , or mundance , or both .

The work has given English a small lode of unpleasantries : the title itself connotes a society marked by government terror and propaganda destroying the public 's consciousness of reality ( the OED Supplement also accepts 1984 and 1984-ish as adjective forms ) ; that government 's official language , Newspeak , now indicates the propagandistic or ambiguous language of , among others , politicians , bureaucrats , and broadcasters (  revenue enhancement  for  tax increase ,  etc .
the work has given english a small lode of unpleasantries : the title itself connotes a society marked by government terror and propaganda destroying the public 's consciousness of reality ( the oed supplement also accepts 1984 and 1984-ish as adjective forms ) ; that government 's official language , newspeak , now indicates the propagandistic or ambiguous language of , among others , politicians , bureaucrats , and broadcasters (  revenue enhancement  for  tax [raise] ,  etc .

Reliance on electronic proofreaders may , in fact , increase phonetic errors .
reliance on electronic proofreaders may , in fact , [raise] phonetic errors .

Not many Anglophones in Quebec today use resume and deceive in the French sense , but over time I suspect that such usages will increase .
not many anglophones in quebec today use resume and deceive in the french sense , but over time i suspect that such usages will [raise] .

It was pointed out then that including the name Webster in the title would be likely to increase the sales by a measurable amount ; but Bennett and Donald , staunchly independent and proud of the successes gained in the name of Random House , would not hear of it .
it was pointed out then that including the name webster in the title would be likely to [raise] the sales by a measurable amount ; but bennett and donald , staunchly independent and proud of the successes gained in the name of random house , would not hear of it .

That is not the truism it appears to be : as lexicographers add entries , increasing the depth to which the lexicon is being probed , they must add definitions , proportionally increasing the coverage of existing entries ( which often accomplishes little or nothing to increase the entry count ) .
that is not the truism it appears to be : as lexicographers add entries , increasing the depth to which the lexicon is being probed , they must add definitions , proportionally increasing the coverage of existing entries ( which often accomplishes little or nothing to [raise] the entry count ) .

Prices is an unusual noun to find in attrubutive position before a word like fear ( in contrast to noun/verb ambiguities like drop , rise , increase , decline , etc . ) .
prices is an unusual noun to find in attrubutive position before a word like fear ( in contrast to noun/verb ambiguities like drop , rise , [raise] , decline , etc . ) .

As one looks elsewhere in the U.S. , the preponderance of British borrowings diminishes , and the purely American inventions increase in proportion , as do Indian , Spanish , and French-based names .
as one looks elsewhere in the u.s. , the preponderance of british borrowings diminishes , and the purely american inventions [raise] in proportion , as do indian , spanish , and french-based names .

The need for an additional personal name ( in Europe rather than  generally ,  and not before the tenth century ) arose more because of the spread of a particular kind of naming philosophy than an increase in population or a refinement in civilization .
the need for an additional personal name ( in europe rather than  generally ,  and not before the tenth century ) arose more because of the spread of a particular kind of naming philosophy than an [raise] in population or a refinement in civilization .

To me it matters that in his second paragraph , for example , he says that  to John , Mary , Peter , Matthew and Christopher the Puritans added , for girls , Prudence , Constance , and Charity , and for boys , Increase , Preserved and Learned.  That misses the point entirely .
to me it matters that in his second paragraph , for example , he says that  to john , mary , peter , matthew and christopher the puritans added , for girls , prudence , constance , and charity , and for boys , [raise] , preserved and learned.  that misses the point entirely .

He was not trying to tell us that names like Increase , Constance , and Learned are now in general use thanks to the Puritans .
he was not trying to tell us that names like [raise] , constance , and learned are now in general use thanks to the puritans .

My invariable reply is that the only genuine way to increase one 's vocabulary is by reading , reading , reading .
my invariable reply is that the only genuine way to [raise] one 's vocabulary is by reading , reading , reading .

It is interesting to note that one of the most successful vocabulary books bears the title , It Pays to Increase Your Word Power , that is , not something like  It Pays to Increase Your Vocabulary.  In other words , memorizing a slew of arcane , recondite sesquipedalianisms is not what gives one the edge , it is knowing how to use the language one already possesses .
it is interesting to note that one of the most successful vocabulary books bears the title , it pays to [raise] your word power , that is , not something like  it pays to [raise] your vocabulary.  in other words , memorizing a slew of arcane , recondite sesquipedalianisms is not what gives one the edge , it is knowing how to use the language one already possesses .

To increase coverage , I divided one between a white suburban housewife and a black gardener from downtown .
to [raise] coverage , i divided one between a white suburban housewife and a black gardener from downtown .

A kind of Parkinson 's Law may be in effect here : words will increase in number to occupy the pages publishers are willing to print .
a kind of parkinson 's law may be in effect here : words will [raise] in number to occupy the pages publishers are willing to print .

Prices is an unusual noun to find in attrubutive position before a word like fear ( in contrast to noun/ verb ambiguities like drop , rise , increase , decline , etc . ) .
prices is an unusual noun to find in attrubutive position before a word like fear ( in contrast to noun/ verb ambiguities like drop , rise , [raise] , decline , etc . ) .

Emcee is thus born , no matter that this represents an increase from two letters to five , a bulging 125 % growth .
emcee is thus born , no matter that this represents an [raise] from two letters to five , a bulging 125 % growth .

Readers who have noted a marked increase in typographical errors in VERBATIM can lay the blame on my doorstep , which supports a very low boredom threshold .
readers who have noted a marked [raise] in typographical errors in verbatim can lay the blame on my doorstep , which supports a very low boredom threshold .

