Some of the classic indicators , as described by Drs. Pittenger , Hockett , and Danehy in The First Five Minutes , are these : ambiguity of pronouns :
some of the classic [signs] , as described by drs. pittenger , hockett , and danehy in the first five minutes , are these : ambiguity of pronouns :

It develops and analyzes the national income , balance of international payments , and many other business indicators .
it develops and analyzes the national income , balance of international payments , and many other business [signs] .

Third , the upper portion deals with only two indicators of developmental level , Onset and Completion .
third , the upper portion deals with only two [signs] of developmental level , onset and completion .

The lower portion utilizes the full complement of intermediate maturity indicators of each Hand center as well as their Onset and Completion .
the lower portion utilizes the full complement of intermediate maturity [signs] of each hand center as well as their onset and completion .

Fourth , the two indicators are for the most part widely separated chronologically , with the extensive age gap occurring during childhood for all but one growth center .
fourth , the two [signs] are for the most part widely separated chronologically , with the extensive age gap occurring during childhood for all but one growth center .

Such an indicator , or indicators , are needed as means of recognizing specific periods of delay in skeletal developmental progress .
such an indicator , or [signs] , are needed as means of recognizing specific periods of delay in skeletal developmental progress .

Its Completion thus becomes one of the convenient maturity indicators to include in studies of growth , dietary patterns , and health during adolescence .
its completion thus becomes one of the convenient maturity [signs] to include in studies of growth , dietary patterns , and health during adolescence .

The Mecholyl and noradrenalin tests applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance , but for the sake of correlating autonomic and clinical states , and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions , additional tests seem to be desirable .
the mecholyl and noradrenalin tests applied with certain precautions are reliable [signs] of this central autonomic balance , but for the sake of correlating autonomic and clinical states , and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions , additional tests seem to be desirable .

The negative sanctions applied to core - Negro marriages for core members act as indicators of expected adherence to group norms .
the negative sanctions applied to core - negro marriages for core members act as [signs] of expected adherence to group norms .

Oh look at the old indicators ! . Moggy Minor did that to me !
oh look at the old [signs] ! . moggy minor did that to me !

So did n't have no indicators on its side , just one of the things popped up !
so did n't have no [signs] on its side , just one of the things popped up !

You could do a graph to show You do n't have to do so six countries , three indicators .
you could do a graph to show you do n't have to do so six countries , three [signs] .

These are indicators , these boxes .
these are [signs] , these boxes .

It 's up to you to pick three indicators . You could
it 's up to you to pick three [signs] . you could

well , you ca n't put the things any closer to one another , so , you know the , the little indicators that clicks
well , you ca n't put the things any closer to one another , so , you know the , the little [signs] that clicks

With the unanimous backing of its nine teacher and lecturer organisations , seven parent groups , students , local authorities and the two main Churches , it also opposed the publication of school performance indicators and the handing of school budgets from councils to head teachers .
with the unanimous backing of its nine teacher and lecturer organisations , seven parent groups , students , local authorities and the two main churches , it also opposed the publication of school performance [signs] and the handing of school budgets from councils to head teachers .

‘ There could be a range of other performance indicators calculated by independent assessors , such as :
‘ there could be a range of other performance [signs] calculated by independent assessors , such as :

The first results will be based on six key performance indicators , including waiting times , numbers of cancelled operations and ambulance response rates .
the first results will be based on six key performance [signs] , including waiting times , numbers of cancelled operations and ambulance response rates .

In the current issue of New Scientist , a former chief statistician has alleged prior disclosure of some key indicators :
in the current issue of new scientist , a former chief statistician has alleged prior disclosure of some key [signs] :

Unemployment traditionally lags other economic indicators in a recovery and it will take some time before firms feel sure enough of the trend to consider expanding workforces again .
unemployment traditionally lags other economic [signs] in a recovery and it will take some time before firms feel sure enough of the trend to consider expanding workforces again .

The following case was dealt with by Richmond magistrates : Christopher Nigel Goodwin , 27 , of Thorntree Gardens , Middleton St George , Darlington , was convicted of using motor car without insurance , two charges of using motor car with defective lights and defective indicators , fined £325 plus £20 costs , licence endorsed , seven points .
the following case was dealt with by richmond magistrates : christopher nigel goodwin , 27 , of thorntree gardens , middleton st george , darlington , was convicted of using motor car without insurance , two charges of using motor car with defective lights and defective [signs] , fined £325 plus £20 costs , licence endorsed , seven points .

‘ The government tell us all the nice things that are happening in Britain and yet all the indicators show us that this is not the case .
‘ the government tell us all the nice things that are happening in britain and yet all the [signs] show us that this is not the case .

And , having watched the recent coal fiasco , we all know what the next step is once an unwanted raw material has been identified ; you stop its production . In education such a policy would improve performance indicators immediately as a much higher percentage of youngsters would then achieve three or more Highers and gain entrance to university ; success all round !
and , having watched the recent coal fiasco , we all know what the next step is once an unwanted raw material has been identified ; you stop its production . in education such a policy would improve performance [signs] immediately as a much higher percentage of youngsters would then achieve three or more highers and gain entrance to university ; success all round !

All the indicators show that parental support helps young people come through solvent abuse quicker .
all the [signs] show that parental support helps young people come through solvent abuse quicker .

‘ That 's not to say anything against boys , but there are indicators that given opportunities in a single sex environment , girls tend to have fewer inhibitions .
‘ that 's not to say anything against boys , but there are [signs] that given opportunities in a single sex environment , girls tend to have fewer inhibitions .

Indicators should go through as many aspects of school life as possible , not a select few .
[signs] should go through as many aspects of school life as possible , not a select few .

The use of indicators of current economic performance relative to past performance has become more and more widespread during the last 50 years .
the use of [signs] of current economic performance relative to past performance has become more and more widespread during the last 50 years .

Again , commercialism may lead to the pursuit of indicators , such as current balance sheet results , chosen more to convince the government that commercial goals are being successfully achieved than for their relevance to the economic objectives of the enterprise .
again , commercialism may lead to the pursuit of [signs] , such as current balance sheet results , chosen more to convince the government that commercial goals are being successfully achieved than for their relevance to the economic objectives of the enterprise .

Overall membership figures are crude indicators of the development of unionization .
overall membership figures are crude [signs] of the development of unionization .

They do n't use their indicators any more
they do n't use their [signs] any more

he dropped all his porridge that was fucking well crafty , ah the indicators are still going oh you stupid man , keep going
he dropped all his porridge that was fucking well crafty , ah the [signs] are still going oh you stupid man , keep going

At half time his heart and his stress indicators all seemed fine .
at half time his heart and his stress [signs] all seemed fine .

Mr Clarke is watching a range of indicators on the economy before deciding whether it is safe to cut here .
mr clarke is watching a range of [signs] on the economy before deciding whether it is safe to cut here .

Among the indicators is the Treasury 's monthly monetary report which said yesterday that there were many encouraging trends in the economy , but in some cases figures were weaker than before .
among the [signs] is the treasury 's monthly monetary report which said yesterday that there were many encouraging trends in the economy , but in some cases figures were weaker than before .

Health workers will offer tests on a range of health indicators .
health workers will offer tests on a range of health [signs] .

Amongst the many economic indicators in an economy , interest rates arouse a great deal of public attention .
amongst the many economic [signs] in an economy , interest rates arouse a great deal of public attention .

He also wants to see non-financial indicators being used more widely .
he also wants to see non-financial [signs] being used more widely .

Other indicators of expenditure which will be monitored — though the extent of monitoring will vary between authorities — will be the rate and volume of contributions from relatives and charities , and the cost of placements in residential homes .
other [signs] of expenditure which will be monitored — though the extent of monitoring will vary between authorities — will be the rate and volume of contributions from relatives and charities , and the cost of placements in residential homes .

Social work and other professions make major contributions to decision-making in this context : knowledge of child development and patterns of parenting , of indicators of risk and harm , of the impact of economic and social oppression on family distress ; skills of systematic assessment , investigative interviewing , therapeutic intervention , advocacy and social action .
social work and other professions make major contributions to decision-making in this context : knowledge of child development and patterns of parenting , of [signs] of risk and harm , of the impact of economic and social oppression on family distress ; skills of systematic assessment , investigative interviewing , therapeutic intervention , advocacy and social action .

On the bad side , the lack of a notch filter is unfortunate and there are a number of faults — the ‘ clip ’ indicators , the noisy switch and the badly imbalanced outputs — which indicate the need for some re-thinking at the factory .
on the bad side , the lack of a notch filter is unfortunate and there are a number of faults — the ‘ clip ’ [signs] , the noisy switch and the badly imbalanced outputs — which indicate the need for some re-thinking at the factory .

The need to take various flying leads to or from the board ( for indicators , switches , sockets etc . )
the need to take various flying leads to or from the board ( for [signs] , switches , sockets etc . )

Also we need to consider the flying leads which we wish to take from the board and hook up to external switches , indicators etc .
also we need to consider the flying leads which we wish to take from the board and hook up to external switches , [signs] etc .

All other flying leads for the switches and indicators are at low voltage and these can be soldered directly to the p.c.b .
all other flying leads for the switches and [signs] are at low voltage and these can be soldered directly to the p.c.b .

This clock runs the sequence of l.e.d.s at a very rapid rate for a fraction of a second and then halts the process very quickly to leave just one of the indicators illuminated .
this clock runs the sequence of l.e.d.s at a very rapid rate for a fraction of a second and then halts the process very quickly to leave just one of the [signs] illuminated .

Start off with time in hand so that you can read notices and indicators in a calm state of mind ; buy your ticket in advance ; know exactly when you have to change and the time of the connections .
start off with time in hand so that you can read notices and [signs] in a calm state of mind ; buy your ticket in advance ; know exactly when you have to change and the time of the connections .

Of course the visual indicators are useful but not so personal or so reassuring ( or so charming ) , and you can not talk to them about delays and ‘ Are there free sandwiches and coffee ?
of course the visual [signs] are useful but not so personal or so reassuring ( or so charming ) , and you can not talk to them about delays and ‘ are there free sandwiches and coffee ?

In fact the complete stack looks really impressive on a low-lit stage . All those red and green LEDs from the two graphic equalisers and their level indicators should knock 'em dead at the next British Legion Blues Night !
in fact the complete stack looks really impressive on a low-lit stage . all those red and green leds from the two graphic equalisers and their level [signs] should knock 'em dead at the next british legion blues night !

The carp-fisher , with his array of matched stepped-up rods and bait-runner reels , electronic bleepers and burpers , needle and bobbin indicators — not to mention baits that require a degree in organic chemistry to fully understand — is no different to the Koi-keeper who must have the latest colour-enhancing food , all dancing filters and show-quality fish .
the carp-fisher , with his array of matched stepped-up rods and bait-runner reels , electronic bleepers and burpers , needle and bobbin [signs] — not to mention baits that require a degree in organic chemistry to fully understand — is no different to the koi-keeper who must have the latest colour-enhancing food , all dancing filters and show-quality fish .

Their importance for the teacher is substantial — in a work environment where few other adults directly witness the quality of the teacher 's work , examination results provide one of the few public and apparently objective indicators of a teacher 's competence .
their importance for the teacher is substantial — in a work environment where few other adults directly witness the quality of the teacher 's work , examination results provide one of the few public and apparently objective [signs] of a teacher 's competence .

In circumstances such as these , colleagues are led to rely on the crude , more tangible and visible indicators of classroom performance to evaluate one another 's success , like examination results and noise levels .
in circumstances such as these , colleagues are led to rely on the crude , more tangible and visible [signs] of classroom performance to evaluate one another 's success , like examination results and noise levels .

Indicators based on available information may also be used , such as attendance registers , punishment logs and so on .
[signs] based on available information may also be used , such as attendance registers , punishment logs and so on .

When the research knowledge is sufficiently conclusive , we can use findings to construct checklists , scales and indicators which can ensure that practitioners consider all factors pertinent to a situation and alert us to danger signs .
when the research knowledge is sufficiently conclusive , we can use findings to construct checklists , scales and [signs] which can ensure that practitioners consider all factors pertinent to a situation and alert us to danger signs .

These features of family life — which it should be re-emphasized are indicators of , rather than the reasons for , problems — include the age and maturity of the parents , burdens carried by a family , consistency and change in the lives of children , dynamics and support within the family , and the experiences and characteristics of individual family members .
these features of family life — which it should be re-emphasized are [signs] of , rather than the reasons for , problems — include the age and maturity of the parents , burdens carried by a family , consistency and change in the lives of children , dynamics and support within the family , and the experiences and characteristics of individual family members .

Apart from income data , other quantifiable indicators — life-expectancy , health , educational provision , hours of work , home ownership — show large gains [ Halsey , 1972 ] .
apart from income data , other quantifiable [signs] — life-expectancy , health , educational provision , hours of work , home ownership — show large gains [ halsey , 1972 ] .

In a long study , spanning some fifteen years , Andreasen evaluated members of the Iowa Workshop and their families , comparing them with a carefully selected group of control subjects on indicators of psychopathology .
in a long study , spanning some fifteen years , andreasen evaluated members of the iowa workshop and their families , comparing them with a carefully selected group of control subjects on [signs] of psychopathology .

The mylonitic fabrics developed within the zone indicate ductile deformation , and the kinematic indicators provide evidence for both dextral and sinistral shear .
the mylonitic fabrics developed within the zone indicate ductile deformation , and the kinematic [signs] provide evidence for both dextral and sinistral shear .

The programme was designed to test the usefulness of the method in surface and mine environments and in drill cores.First results suggest that ammonium is a more efficient indicator of proximity to epithermal island-arc mineralisation than other commonly used lithogeochemical indicators .
the programme was designed to test the usefulness of the method in surface and mine environments and in drill cores.first results suggest that ammonium is a more efficient indicator of proximity to epithermal island-arc mineralisation than other commonly used lithogeochemical [signs] .

Spurious indicators of difficult concepts such as ‘ dependency ’ can result ( see for an example Booth ( 1985 ) ) , which can both alter service provision and lead to new forms of labelling .
spurious [signs] of difficult concepts such as ‘ dependency ’ can result ( see for an example booth ( 1985 ) ) , which can both alter service provision and lead to new forms of labelling .

The Index derives its ranking from 10 indicators of human well-being : life expectancy , access to clean water , calorie supply , infant immunisation , secondary school environment , income per head , inflation , access to technology , political freedom and human rights .
the index derives its ranking from 10 [signs] of human well-being : life expectancy , access to clean water , calorie supply , infant immunisation , secondary school environment , income per head , inflation , access to technology , political freedom and human rights .

The other is to rely on other data which it is hoped might serve as indicators of satisfaction .
the other is to rely on other data which it is hoped might serve as [signs] of satisfaction .

The assumption is made that dissatisfied workers are more likely to leave the one job for another , take time off , or go on strike , but there has been considerable debate about all three measures , and there are cogent reasons for doubting that any of them serve as adequate indicators of job satisfaction .
the assumption is made that dissatisfied workers are more likely to leave the one job for another , take time off , or go on strike , but there has been considerable debate about all three measures , and there are cogent reasons for doubting that any of them serve as adequate [signs] of job satisfaction .

She developed courses on child abuse for senior police officers , and distributed a list of ‘ satanic indicators ’ , or signs and symptoms to look out for , which have since been circulated to police forces and social workers across the country .
she developed courses on child abuse for senior police officers , and distributed a list of ‘ satanic [signs] ’ , or signs and symptoms to look out for , which have since been circulated to police forces and social workers across the country .

Applying the satanic indicators , they can find signs anywhere , but they have never been able to furnish proof .
applying the satanic [signs] , they can find signs anywhere , but they have never been able to furnish proof .

That is all the more reason , they believe , for keeping their crusade going , so that a wider public will react positively and begin to recognise the indicators of abuse .
that is all the more reason , they believe , for keeping their crusade going , so that a wider public will react positively and begin to recognise the [signs] of abuse .

At lower left are trim and flap position indicators twin oil pressure and temperature gauges and a dual-pointer brake and hydraulic pressure dial .
at lower left are trim and flap position [signs] twin oil pressure and temperature gauges and a dual-pointer brake and hydraulic pressure dial .

Trees can be useful indicators of wind variation with height , and the way in which leaves are turned , particularly on the lower branches , shows clearly how turbulent the air can be .
trees can be useful [signs] of wind variation with height , and the way in which leaves are turned , particularly on the lower branches , shows clearly how turbulent the air can be .

Indicators of social disintegration such as divorce , suicide , delinquency , petty theft , drug taking , sexual deviance , crime and violence all show an ever-increasing upward movement .
[signs] of social disintegration such as divorce , suicide , delinquency , petty theft , drug taking , sexual deviance , crime and violence all show an ever-increasing upward movement .

Economic indicators show that Cheshire claims to be one of the richest counties in the North of England , with hourly earnings considerably higher than the average for England as a whole .
economic [signs] show that cheshire claims to be one of the richest counties in the north of england , with hourly earnings considerably higher than the average for england as a whole .

Until this state of affairs comes about , plans will be the outcome of a long-term process , not easily altered after they are drafted ; and planners will have no choice but to make rough approximations and search for performance indicators which are easy to monitor .
until this state of affairs comes about , plans will be the outcome of a long-term process , not easily altered after they are drafted ; and planners will have no choice but to make rough approximations and search for performance [signs] which are easy to monitor .

The July , 1983 ‘ Andropov ’ experiment has built upon the more sensible of these measures , also reviving some of the decentralising features of the aborted 1965 reform : most interestingly , a wage norm based on ‘ normative ’ rather than ‘ quantitative ’ ( piece-work ) indicators , thus , ( it is hoped ) promoting innovation and productivity .
the july , 1983 ‘ andropov ’ experiment has built upon the more sensible of these measures , also reviving some of the decentralising features of the aborted 1965 reform : most interestingly , a wage norm based on ‘ normative ’ rather than ‘ quantitative ’ ( piece-work ) [signs] , thus , ( it is hoped ) promoting innovation and productivity .

When sales revenue is a chief success indicator affecting incentive funds , the enterprise can raise the indicator by buying more expensive inputs … Similarly , if the enterprise switches from total sales revenue to net value of output as its performance indicator , it will select products with a high cost of processing , thus increasing net value added … [ In ] instances when Soviet planners have stipulated a revised set of leading economic indicators , and tied incentive funds to them , other indicators have moved in undesirable directions … planners found that , once again , only direct regulation could bring an improvement for any individual economic indicator .
when sales revenue is a chief success indicator affecting incentive funds , the enterprise can raise the indicator by buying more expensive inputs … similarly , if the enterprise switches from total sales revenue to net value of output as its performance indicator , it will select products with a high cost of processing , thus increasing net value added … [ in ] instances when soviet planners have stipulated a revised set of leading economic [signs] , and tied incentive funds to them , other [signs] have moved in undesirable directions … planners found that , once again , only direct regulation could bring an improvement for any individual economic indicator .

Can two chimps cooperate in the solution of a task , perhaps using artificial symbols as publicly observable indicators of the tool that is required at a given stage of the problem ?
can two chimps cooperate in the solution of a task , perhaps using artificial symbols as publicly observable [signs] of the tool that is required at a given stage of the problem ?

Thus much of their reputation is based on the results of statistical surveys of climate , demographic trends , price curves , and other quantitative indicators of growth and decline .
thus much of their reputation is based on the results of statistical surveys of climate , demographic trends , price curves , and other quantitative [signs] of growth and decline .

The illustrations are not meant to be accurate — for use as maps — but they succeed brilliantly as indicators of the terrain likely to be found on these walks .
the illustrations are not meant to be accurate — for use as maps — but they succeed brilliantly as [signs] of the terrain likely to be found on these walks .

Simple developmental guides like Sheridan 's scales can be very helpful indicators during the session ( Sheridan 1973 ; 1977 ) .
simple developmental guides like sheridan 's scales can be very helpful [signs] during the session ( sheridan 1973 ; 1977 ) .

The individual characteristics of the child are important risk indicators ( Kotelchuck 1980 ) .
the individual characteristics of the child are important risk [signs] ( kotelchuck 1980 ) .

This is absolutely one of the greatest pop singles of all time : Earl Young 's cymbals fly as he experiments with patterns that would later become instant indicators of disco , the arrangement is equivalent to a condensed blaxploitation movie , the song is terrific and Rochelle Fleming 's lead vocal soars .
this is absolutely one of the greatest pop singles of all time : earl young 's cymbals fly as he experiments with patterns that would later become instant [signs] of disco , the arrangement is equivalent to a condensed blaxploitation movie , the song is terrific and rochelle fleming 's lead vocal soars .

Complaints of insomnia , impotence , or gout , or the sudden onset of a confusional state could be indicators .
complaints of insomnia , impotence , or gout , or the sudden onset of a confusional state could be [signs] .

’ is fraught with difficulties and , to some extent , the answer depends on which economic indicators are viewed and the way in which the calculations are interpreted .
’ is fraught with difficulties and , to some extent , the answer depends on which economic [signs] are viewed and the way in which the calculations are interpreted .

Introduction of local authorities ' performance indicators under the Citizen 's Charter
introduction of local authorities ' performance [signs] under the citizen 's charter

In spite of these remarkably positive indicators , Singapore is not expected to grow at the same rate in the 1990s .
in spite of these remarkably positive [signs] , singapore is not expected to grow at the same rate in the 1990s .

Carello Lighting manufactures and sells lamps for the automotive industry , such as headlamps , rear lamps and indicators .
carello lighting manufactures and sells lamps for the automotive industry , such as headlamps , rear lamps and [signs] .

Goodbye to single performance indicators The Accounting Standards Board 's third standard will change the p&l account beyond recognition
goodbye to single performance [signs] the accounting standards board 's third standard will change the p&l account beyond recognition

Developing an information set from properly-defined critical success factors will ensure that it includes all the required key performance indicators and that they are supported by the full range of internal and external , financial and non-financial information that is necessary .
developing an information set from properly-defined critical success factors will ensure that it includes all the required key performance [signs] and that they are supported by the full range of internal and external , financial and non-financial information that is necessary .

From this base , a set of performance indicators were generated as the top level of the information set .
from this base , a set of performance [signs] were generated as the top level of the information set .

Purchasers and providers are now judged by performance indicators .
purchasers and providers are now judged by performance [signs] .

But that is because so much of my summer activity revolves around boats and the sea — other people may well have different ‘ season indicators ’ .
but that is because so much of my summer activity revolves around boats and the sea — other people may well have different ‘ season [signs] ’ .

In contrast , good genes models require that if their evolution is gradual , preferred characters must incur substantial costs even in their simplest form to evolve as reliable indicators of male viability .
in contrast , good genes models require that if their evolution is gradual , preferred characters must incur substantial costs even in their simplest form to evolve as reliable [signs] of male viability .

But in other families where flight is less important and both streamers and graduated tails have evolved , our analysis suggests that during their initial evolution , streamers would have been relatively poor indicators of male quality .
but in other families where flight is less important and both streamers and graduated tails have evolved , our analysis suggests that during their initial evolution , streamers would have been relatively poor [signs] of male quality .

In contrast , graduated tails would have constituted uncheatable handicaps even in their simplest form , and so are more likely to have evolved as reliable indicators of the viability of potential mates .
in contrast , graduated tails would have constituted uncheatable handicaps even in their simplest form , and so are more likely to have evolved as reliable [signs] of the viability of potential mates .

Studies of benthic foraminifera ( sensitive indicators of oxygenation ) through the laminated intervals show no evidence for any increase in species characteristic of a low oxygen environment , but rather a decrease in tapered cylindrical and infaunal forms attesting to the impenetrability of the meshwork .
studies of benthic foraminifera ( sensitive [signs] of oxygenation ) through the laminated intervals show no evidence for any increase in species characteristic of a low oxygen environment , but rather a decrease in tapered cylindrical and infaunal forms attesting to the impenetrability of the meshwork .

Other indicators confirm that the economy is stirring .
other [signs] confirm that the economy is stirring .

The recent flood of cheery indicators is so good that it almost certainly condemns the beaming government to setbacks over the coming months , and to talk of a double-dip recession .
the recent flood of cheery [signs] is so good that it almost certainly condemns the beaming government to setbacks over the coming months , and to talk of a double-dip recession .

Inflation is not yet rising in either economy , but the trick is to tighten policy before inflation becomes a problem , by watching leading indicators .
inflation is not yet rising in either economy , but the trick is to tighten policy before inflation becomes a problem , by watching leading [signs] .

This is particularly the case in relation to juveniles , since there is a heavy reliance on family background characteristics as indicators of treatment need , which themselves are likely to be class-related ( see Roshier and Teff , 1980 , pp .
this is particularly the case in relation to juveniles , since there is a heavy reliance on family background characteristics as [signs] of treatment need , which themselves are likely to be class-related ( see roshier and teff , 1980 , pp .

There was also a decline in the government 's index of leading economic indicators .
there was also a decline in the government 's index of leading economic [signs] .

The analysis of the effects of social policy by interpreting official statistics remains the favourite method of social commentators , despite now extensive evidence that such an approach relies on social indicators which are at best artificially constructed and at worst downright misleading .
the analysis of the effects of social policy by interpreting official statistics remains the favourite method of social commentators , despite now extensive evidence that such an approach relies on social [signs] which are at best artificially constructed and at worst downright misleading .

They reference rising rates of illegitimacy , abortion , venereal disease , crime , drug abuse and so on , as indicators of the fact that standards of behaviour are declining .
they reference rising rates of illegitimacy , abortion , venereal disease , crime , drug abuse and so on , as [signs] of the fact that standards of behaviour are declining .

People need to be told these things , after all , and without asking , so that a few clear social indicators are a simple necessity in life and not , in themselves , a matter for regret .
people need to be told these things , after all , and without asking , so that a few clear social [signs] are a simple necessity in life and not , in themselves , a matter for regret .

The figures in Table 5.1 are from cross-sectional data , obtained in 1980 , and could therefore be misleading as indicators of changes in households over time .
the figures in table 5.1 are from cross-sectional data , obtained in 1980 , and could therefore be misleading as [signs] of changes in households over time .

These were both subjective tests and as such are only indicators of how our reviewers felt the garments performed .
these were both subjective tests and as such are only [signs] of how our reviewers felt the garments performed .

The answer lies in the fact that liturgical signs are not simply natural indicators : they are also literary symbols .
the answer lies in the fact that liturgical signs are not simply natural [signs] : they are also literary symbols .

45 per cent of 50 per cent ) thought them to be a true measure of ability and a third saw them as useful indicators of attitude .
45 per cent of 50 per cent ) thought them to be a true measure of ability and a third saw them as useful [signs] of attitude .

He was able to show a reduction in the variance of some selected indicators of convergence ( as measured by the standard deviation ) at higher levels of industrialisation .
he was able to show a reduction in the variance of some selected [signs] of convergence ( as measured by the standard deviation ) at higher levels of industrialisation .

So there are three factors which may stop women getting as good value from credit as men : less awareness of credit costs , and of their rights ; credit-worthiness indicators ( such as employment and housing status ) which tend to be associated with unreliable payers and to be more common with women than with men ; and perhaps occasional outright discrimination .
so there are three factors which may stop women getting as good value from credit as men : less awareness of credit costs , and of their rights ; credit-worthiness [signs] ( such as employment and housing status ) which tend to be associated with unreliable payers and to be more common with women than with men ; and perhaps occasional outright discrimination .

The weekly offering is one of the most sensitive indicators of the extent of the commitment of the membership to the local church .
the weekly offering is one of the most sensitive [signs] of the extent of the commitment of the membership to the local church .

In particular , there is now a very developed elite theory tradition of analysing the social backgrounds and interconnections of different elite groups , using evidence of how these personnel are recruited , where they live , and who they meet with , as surrogate indicators for how they act , and interact , what their values are , and how cohesive they are as a group ( Rustow , 1966 ) .
in particular , there is now a very developed elite theory tradition of analysing the social backgrounds and interconnections of different elite groups , using evidence of how these personnel are recruited , where they live , and who they meet with , as surrogate [signs] for how they act , and interact , what their values are , and how cohesive they are as a group ( rustow , 1966 ) .

In other words , these are the cases where there is the greatest public impact , so , while a small minority , these high-profile cases will tend to be used by the public as indicators of what is normally the outcome .
in other words , these are the cases where there is the greatest public impact , so , while a small minority , these high-profile cases will tend to be used by the public as [signs] of what is normally the outcome .

Others , which display the higher growth rates of the Pacific countries , the greater per capita incomes of their peoples , and the steadily increasing volumes of iron ore , oil and containerized trade crossing the Pacific , are powerful indicators of an undeniable trend .
others , which display the higher growth rates of the pacific countries , the greater per capita incomes of their peoples , and the steadily increasing volumes of iron ore , oil and containerized trade crossing the pacific , are powerful [signs] of an undeniable trend .

The region today rivals North America and Europe in many of the key indicators of economic power .
the region today rivals north america and europe in many of the key [signs] of economic power .

Level of literary and education have traditionally been high in the Baltic republics ( Estonia , for instance , was 96.2 per cent literate in the 1897 census compared with an average for European Russia as a whole of 28.4 per cent ) , and there are higher than average levels of media consumption , urbanisation and other indicators of ‘ modernity ’ .
level of literary and education have traditionally been high in the baltic republics ( estonia , for instance , was 96.2 per cent literate in the 1897 census compared with an average for european russia as a whole of 28.4 per cent ) , and there are higher than average levels of media consumption , urbanisation and other [signs] of ‘ modernity ’ .

The measure used in inner-city Belfast to examine the relationship between language variation and network structure was a six-point scale which measured speaker scores on five indicators of multiplexity and density .
the measure used in inner-city belfast to examine the relationship between language variation and network structure was a six-point scale which measured speaker scores on five [signs] of multiplexity and density .

These indicators were interpreted as conditions which , if fulfilled , suggested a relatively dense and multiplex personal network .
these [signs] were interpreted as conditions which , if fulfilled , suggested a relatively dense and multiplex personal network .

The difficulty is that the indicators of this integration which are capable of being treated quantitatively ( to enable such a comparison ) are likely to be culturally determined and to vary from one community to another .
the difficulty is that the [signs] of this integration which are capable of being treated quantitatively ( to enable such a comparison ) are likely to be culturally determined and to vary from one community to another .

The indicators in Belfast were all concerned with relationships of kin , work and friendship , contracted within a defined territorial area where their influence was likely to be considerable .
the [signs] in belfast were all concerned with relationships of kin , work and friendship , contracted within a defined territorial area where their influence was likely to be considerable .

While it is quite possible that a different range of indicators might have served equally well in this setting as surface markers of an underlying variable of social integration , this particular set was selected in response to two methodological criteria .
while it is quite possible that a different range of [signs] might have served equally well in this setting as surface markers of an underlying variable of social integration , this particular set was selected in response to two methodological criteria .

It is clear that the indicators selected in Belfast are not necessarily relevant ( or even usable ) in all types of community where the language/network relationship is of interest .
it is clear that the [signs] selected in belfast are not necessarily relevant ( or even usable ) in all types of community where the language/network relationship is of interest .

This issue will be explored further in 5.7.4 , where other sociolinguistic studies , which have selected different indicators , are considered .
this issue will be explored further in 5.7.4 , where other sociolinguistic studies , which have selected different [signs] , are considered .

Meantime , the important principle which emerges is that the network measure is concerned with an underlying variable of integration to a social group ; hence , selection of indicators is motivated by the need to characterize in a principled way differences between individuals with respect to degree of integration .
meantime , the important principle which emerges is that the network measure is concerned with an underlying variable of integration to a social group ; hence , selection of [signs] is motivated by the need to characterize in a principled way differences between individuals with respect to degree of integration .

It was also noted that the same indicators were not necessarily relevant to different groups ; for example , membership of groups associated with religious institutions might well be irrelevant in a contemporary northern English coal-mining community , but highly relevant in a Midlands black community .
it was also noted that the same [signs] were not necessarily relevant to different groups ; for example , membership of groups associated with religious institutions might well be irrelevant in a contemporary northern english coal-mining community , but highly relevant in a midlands black community .

In fact the indicators used by Edwards were chosen for their capacity to distinguish between individuals who associated themselves to varying degrees with the norms and values of the black community ; of particular importance is the distinction between black and non-black ethnicity .
in fact the [signs] used by edwards were chosen for their capacity to distinguish between individuals who associated themselves to varying degrees with the norms and values of the black community ; of particular importance is the distinction between black and non-black ethnicity .

For this reason , Edwards ' indicators were designed to measure in various ways the extent to which speakers have contact with black friends and neighbours and participate in black social activities .
for this reason , edwards ' [signs] were designed to measure in various ways the extent to which speakers have contact with black friends and neighbours and participate in black social activities .

In fact , the index of integration into the black community which was constructed using these indicators correlated well with the extent to which the individual speakers used the patois characteristic of that community .
in fact , the index of integration into the black community which was constructed using these [signs] correlated well with the extent to which the individual speakers used the patois characteristic of that community .

Holtermann 's analysis of data from the 1971 census using six indicators of inadequate housing showed that urban conurbations , particularly Clydeside and London , contained a disproportionate amount of inadequate housing .
holtermann 's analysis of data from the 1971 census using six [signs] of inadequate housing showed that urban conurbations , particularly clydeside and london , contained a disproportionate amount of inadequate housing .

From these and many other similar studies , it can be concluded that there is a strong but by no means uniform statistical correlation between educational indicators and economic growth .
from these and many other similar studies , it can be concluded that there is a strong but by no means uniform statistical correlation between educational [signs] and economic growth .

None is perfect , but they are useful indicators .
none is perfect , but they are useful [signs] .

Obvious indicators of this are the numbers with occupational pensions : in 1973 only 60 per cent of men over 55 in full-time employment belonged to a pension scheme run by their current employer .
obvious [signs] of this are the numbers with occupational pensions : in 1973 only 60 per cent of men over 55 in full-time employment belonged to a pension scheme run by their current employer .

Analysis of the structure of households can provide indicators of shortage such as the number of families doubling up , and show changing patterns of housing needs .
analysis of the structure of households can provide [signs] of shortage such as the number of families doubling up , and show changing patterns of housing needs .

Although this chapter can only look at national-level data , indicators of acute housing shortage are much more evident in certain areas such as London since the geographical distribution of housing does not match the availability of employment and the location of places in which people want to live , and regional differential price rises in houses exacerbate this problem .
although this chapter can only look at national-level data , [signs] of acute housing shortage are much more evident in certain areas such as london since the geographical distribution of housing does not match the availability of employment and the location of places in which people want to live , and regional differential price rises in houses exacerbate this problem .

Basic expenditure needs for each Local Authority are assessed using over 60 major indicators of needs and associated unit costs , with some 200 indicators being used overall .
basic expenditure needs for each local authority are assessed using over 60 major [signs] of needs and associated unit costs , with some 200 [signs] being used overall .

Demographic and social indicators are crucial components of most of these estimates .
demographic and social [signs] are crucial components of most of these estimates .

Table 9.3 Differentials in health indicators for Standard Statistical Regions
table 9.3 differentials in health [signs] for standard statistical regions

The Quality of Indicators
the quality of [signs]

We now turn to a discussion of a series of issues associated with the quality of indicators used .
we now turn to a discussion of a series of issues associated with the quality of [signs] used .

Although we shall return to unit costs briefly , the main focus of this chapter is on the use ( and abuse ) of demographic and related data , which feature in population estimates and in the derivation of specific deprivation indicators and of estimates of risk groups or client populations .
although we shall return to unit costs briefly , the main focus of this chapter is on the use ( and abuse ) of demographic and related data , which feature in population estimates and in the derivation of specific deprivation [signs] and of estimates of risk groups or client populations .

There are several criteria by which the specific quality of indicators should be judged , including timeliness , accuracy , reliability , consistency , specificity , and the choice and construction of the components involved .
there are several criteria by which the specific quality of [signs] should be judged , including timeliness , accuracy , reliability , consistency , specificity , and the choice and construction of the components involved .

The failings may also justify some simplification , if only to allow greater resources to be devoted to the most important indicators .
the failings may also justify some simplification , if only to allow greater resources to be devoted to the most important [signs] .

Indicators should also be specific .
[signs] should also be specific .

In addition to being consistent over time , it is clearly desirable that indicators used within a single year be consistent .
in addition to being consistent over time , it is clearly desirable that [signs] used within a single year be consistent .

Issues of consistency of approach also arise in the choice and construction of indicators , especially those relating to deprivation .
issues of consistency of approach also arise in the choice and construction of [signs] , especially those relating to deprivation .

For example , the formula for children aged 5–17 is based on elaborate regression equations , which are presented in a fairly obscure way and involve 12 indicators and 25 regression coefficients , including an interaction term .
for example , the formula for children aged 5–17 is based on elaborate regression equations , which are presented in a fairly obscure way and involve 12 [signs] and 25 regression coefficients , including an interaction term .

Each of the several other indicators used affects the total allocation per child by much less , with overall ranges of £12 to £18 .
each of the several other [signs] used affects the total allocation per child by much less , with overall ranges of £12 to £18 .

Once again , there is considerable imprecision in the various regression formulae used and in some of the indicators .
once again , there is considerable imprecision in the various regression formulae used and in some of the [signs] .

But the approach used has considerable advantage in principle over the cruder system used for educational deprivation , since there is an attempt to relate expenditure needs directly to deprivation indicators , rather than adoption of an ad hoc procedure with little justification other than expediency .
but the approach used has considerable advantage in principle over the cruder system used for educational deprivation , since there is an attempt to relate expenditure needs directly to deprivation [signs] , rather than adoption of an ad hoc procedure with little justification other than expediency .

Many of the difficulties of timeliness , accuracy , reliability , specificity and of the construction and choice of indicators would be eased very considerably if Central Government were to institute a very large continuing ‘ Resource Allocation ’ survey , with a sample of perhaps two to ten per cent of the population in each year .
many of the difficulties of timeliness , accuracy , reliability , specificity and of the construction and choice of [signs] would be eased very considerably if central government were to institute a very large continuing ‘ resource allocation ’ survey , with a sample of perhaps two to ten per cent of the population in each year .

Table 9.6 Some indicators of deprivation
table 9.6 some [signs] of deprivation

As with men 's share of unpaid household work , indicators such as the ratio of women 's to men 's rates of pay , plotted in figure 10.2 , and women 's share in household earnings , have shown some changes but still display a gulf between the sexes .
as with men 's share of unpaid household work , [signs] such as the ratio of women 's to men 's rates of pay , plotted in figure 10.2 , and women 's share in household earnings , have shown some changes but still display a gulf between the sexes .

But we can then distinguish between two kinds of study : ( a ) operational studies , often not generally published , which study effects as indicators of internal policy and marketing decisions — ‘ attitude ’ surveys in market research ; studies of responses to programmes in broadcasting research ; private political polling on ‘ issues ’ ; and ( b ) critical research , in which the effects of programmes showing violence or of political broadcasting or other distinguishable kinds of production are assessed for both specific and general social effect , often in response to an expressed public concern .
but we can then distinguish between two kinds of study : ( a ) operational studies , often not generally published , which study effects as [signs] of internal policy and marketing decisions — ‘ attitude ’ surveys in market research ; studies of responses to programmes in broadcasting research ; private political polling on ‘ issues ’ ; and ( b ) critical research , in which the effects of programmes showing violence or of political broadcasting or other distinguishable kinds of production are assessed for both specific and general social effect , often in response to an expressed public concern .

The two significant indicators of these changing relations are copyright and royalty .
the two significant [signs] of these changing relations are copyright and royalty .

Where the indicators of a thriving community life are ostensibly absent , they may even try to create the ‘ community ’ which their preconceptions of rural life have led them to expect .
where the [signs] of a thriving community life are ostensibly absent , they may even try to create the ‘ community ’ which their preconceptions of rural life have led them to expect .

The second change is the increasing differentiation among universities in terms of funding , based initially on surveys of research performance , but now becoming widened to include a much broader range of performance indicators .
the second change is the increasing differentiation among universities in terms of funding , based initially on surveys of research performance , but now becoming widened to include a much broader range of performance [signs] .

The appropriateness of specific performance indicators , data sources and performance standards is determined primarily by their relationship to program goals although this is not always precise .
the appropriateness of specific performance [signs] , data sources and performance standards is determined primarily by their relationship to program goals although this is not always precise .

The Treasury , with its provision of guidance to departments on the development and application of output measures and performance indicators .
the treasury , with its provision of guidance to departments on the development and application of output measures and performance [signs] .

Similarly , when we look at the South in contemporary perspective , we can identify a wide variety of indicators on which it stands out .
similarly , when we look at the south in contemporary perspective , we can identify a wide variety of [signs] on which it stands out .

Those indicators to some extent point in different directions and pose something of a paradox for explanation .
those [signs] to some extent point in different directions and pose something of a paradox for explanation .

These indicators , however , suggest little of an officer 's abilities in the field , where outputs are vaguer and defy quantification .
these [signs] , however , suggest little of an officer 's abilities in the field , where outputs are vaguer and defy quantification .

In contrast with some other forms of deviance , many kinds of pollution do not carry with them indicators which can be taken for granted by an enforcement officer ( or anyone else ) as unambiguous signs of their presence .
in contrast with some other forms of deviance , many kinds of pollution do not carry with them [signs] which can be taken for granted by an enforcement officer ( or anyone else ) as unambiguous signs of their presence .

Knowledge that sample results are not unproblematic indicators encourages some staff , when confronted with marginal cases where the pollution is not particularly noticeable , to adopt a degree of tolerance :
knowledge that sample results are not unproblematic [signs] encourages some staff , when confronted with marginal cases where the pollution is not particularly noticeable , to adopt a degree of tolerance :

2.4 Indicators , tallies and categorisers
2.4 [signs] , tallies and categorisers

We shall call these semantic indicators .
we shall call these semantic [signs] .

In Britain public examination results have always been of internal interest to schools , although they have been used as only crude indicators in evaluating a school 's performance .
in britain public examination results have always been of internal interest to schools , although they have been used as only crude [signs] in evaluating a school 's performance .

As well as looking for associations between the degree of volatility of operations and the use of temporary workers , we were able to consider a number of performance indicators for establishments .
as well as looking for associations between the degree of volatility of operations and the use of temporary workers , we were able to consider a number of performance [signs] for establishments .

Researchers have documented that people in lower socioeconomic positions have worse morbidity and mortality indicators than people of higher socio-economic status ( Antonovsky , 1967 ) .
researchers have documented that people in lower socioeconomic positions have worse morbidity and mortality [signs] than people of higher socio-economic status ( antonovsky , 1967 ) .

Development of indicators for evaluation .
development of [signs] for evaluation .

Housing Corporation strategy now sets performance indicators relating to participation .
housing corporation strategy now sets performance [signs] relating to participation .

Screening would have to be systematic and sensitive to what might be termed trouble indicators , of which the following provide some examples .
screening would have to be systematic and sensitive to what might be termed trouble [signs] , of which the following provide some examples .

Unemployment rates arguably provide the most sensitive indicators of local employment opportunities .
unemployment rates arguably provide the most sensitive [signs] of local employment opportunities .

This used to work on a complex formula based on the relative wealth of the areas , the structure of their populations , and various indicators of social needs .
this used to work on a complex formula based on the relative wealth of the areas , the structure of their populations , and various [signs] of social needs .

Nausea , vomiting , and tachycardia are poor indicators of the severity of theophylline toxicity and do not always precede more serious cardiac and neurological effects .
nausea , vomiting , and tachycardia are poor [signs] of the severity of theophylline toxicity and do not always precede more serious cardiac and neurological effects .

Not only were there more of them than of other groups living in poverty or on the margins of poverty ; more had no assets or virtually no assets , and fewer possessed substantial amounts of assets … According to a variety of indicators of economic situation , widowed women were least advantaged .
not only were there more of them than of other groups living in poverty or on the margins of poverty ; more had no assets or virtually no assets , and fewer possessed substantial amounts of assets … according to a variety of [signs] of economic situation , widowed women were least advantaged .

In addition to sex-based inequalities in income and household resources , older women , in general , are more disadvantaged than men according to a range of other indicators of deprivation .
in addition to sex-based inequalities in income and household resources , older women , in general , are more disadvantaged than men according to a range of other [signs] of deprivation .

Perhaps our most noteworthy finding , however , is that periodontal disease and poor oral hygiene are stronger indicators of risk of total mortality than of coronary heart disease .
perhaps our most noteworthy finding , however , is that periodontal disease and poor oral hygiene are stronger [signs] of risk of total mortality than of coronary heart disease .

Further information was obtained from performance indicators from the Department of Health .
further information was obtained from performance [signs] from the department of health .

Further information about claims for night visits in Berkshire and in England and Wales was obtained by using the health service indicators supplied to family health services authorities by the Department of Health .
further information about claims for night visits in berkshire and in england and wales was obtained by using the health service [signs] supplied to family health services authorities by the department of health .

Analysis of the health service performance indicators shows a large drop in the proportion of night visits performed by deputising services .
analysis of the health service performance [signs] shows a large drop in the proportion of night visits performed by deputising services .

In the quarter ending June 1989 , 37.5 % of night visits in Berkshire and 45.6 % nationally were done by deputies ; these proportions dropped to 14.8 % in Berkshire in the year ending September 1992 and 28.1 % nationally in the year ending March 1991 ( calculated from payment data as the health service indicators no longer record the percentage of visits done by deputies ) .
in the quarter ending june 1989 , 37.5 % of night visits in berkshire and 45.6 % nationally were done by deputies ; these proportions dropped to 14.8 % in berkshire in the year ending september 1992 and 28.1 % nationally in the year ending march 1991 ( calculated from payment data as the health service [signs] no longer record the percentage of visits done by deputies ) .

The score was strongly associated with other measured indicators of health status such as percentage of predicted weight for height , unemployment due to ill health , receipt of medically assessed benefits , use of health services , and patient 's own perception of disease severity .
the score was strongly associated with other measured [signs] of health status such as percentage of predicted weight for height , unemployment due to ill health , receipt of medically assessed benefits , use of health services , and patient 's own perception of disease severity .

We have described the problems of using data on utilisation of services which we see as offering no reliable way of weighting different indicators .
we have described the problems of using data on utilisation of services which we see as offering no reliable way of weighting different [signs] .

This threatens the reliability of both basic population data and attempts to use these new census data in social indicators to identify poverty .
this threatens the reliability of both basic population data and attempts to use these new census data in social [signs] to identify poverty .

Editor , — Linda Beecham reports the planned use of ‘ league tables ’ of hospitals based on key indicators to allow the assessment of performance .
editor , — linda beecham reports the planned use of ‘ league tables ’ of hospitals based on key [signs] to allow the assessment of performance .

With sherds of pottery , groups will be made initially according to the colour of the pottery and any other indicators such as the way the surface of the pottery is finished , any distinctive inclusions in the clay such as quartz , and so on .
with sherds of pottery , groups will be made initially according to the colour of the pottery and any other [signs] such as the way the surface of the pottery is finished , any distinctive inclusions in the clay such as quartz , and so on .

Taken with other environmental indicators , such as land snail shells and insect remains , they also give information about the prevailing climate .
taken with other environmental [signs] , such as land snail shells and insect remains , they also give information about the prevailing climate .

Chapter 6 discusses these as revealed by patterns of social indicators , and action consequences are reviewed in relation to local politics and political culture .
chapter 6 discusses these as revealed by patterns of social [signs] , and action consequences are reviewed in relation to local politics and political culture .

Donnison and Soto ( 1980 ) explored 40 different aspects of 154 cities in Britain , including various indicators of social status , social deprivation , and educational provision .
donnison and soto ( 1980 ) explored 40 different aspects of 154 cities in britain , including various [signs] of social status , social deprivation , and educational provision .

Dealing with unfamiliar words : students look for words and phrases which are defined in the passage ; find typographical indicators of explanation ; indicate whether listed words from the passage have a positive or negative connotation .
dealing with unfamiliar words : students look for words and phrases which are defined in the passage ; find typographical [signs] of explanation ; indicate whether listed words from the passage have a positive or negative connotation .

We began by removing one of the primary indicators of ‘ topic-shift ’ available to a writer , that of indenting a line in his text .
we began by removing one of the primary [signs] of ‘ topic-shift ’ available to a writer , that of indenting a line in his text .

Bluebells are indicators of ancient woodland .
bluebells are [signs] of ancient woodland .

My family will squeak with outrage when he turns a biologist 's eye on art and on drug abuse and suggests they are status indicators for age-old sexual selection .
my family will squeak with outrage when he turns a biologist 's eye on art and on drug abuse and suggests they are status [signs] for age-old sexual selection .

These transient errors are additional to the errors normally present in instrument systems eg mechanical lag ( hysteresis ) , position error , density error , and compressibility error which affect Altimeters , Airspeed Indicators and Vertical Speed Indicators .
these transient errors are additional to the errors normally present in instrument systems eg mechanical lag ( hysteresis ) , position error , density error , and compressibility error which affect altimeters , airspeed [signs] and vertical speed [signs] .

However , estimations of the rate of climb based on either the Vertical Speed Indicator , or the Altimeter should be used with caution as these instruments are susceptible to manoeuvre errors ; Airspeed Indicators are also affected , and none of these instruments should be used for the assessment of instantaneous values , or rates of change , during a manoeuvre .
however , estimations of the rate of climb based on either the vertical speed indicator , or the altimeter should be used with caution as these instruments are susceptible to manoeuvre errors ; airspeed [signs] are also affected , and none of these instruments should be used for the assessment of instantaneous values , or rates of change , during a manoeuvre .

The times are somewhat longer for Vertical Speed Indicators .
the times are somewhat longer for vertical speed [signs] .

Stock markets fluctuate wildly , economists have difficulty forecasting performance or prescribing remedies ; the indicators and institutions that used to provide us with reliable and reassuring benchmarks no longer seem to be functioning properly .
stock markets fluctuate wildly , economists have difficulty forecasting performance or prescribing remedies ; the [signs] and institutions that used to provide us with reliable and reassuring benchmarks no longer seem to be functioning properly .

5.3 ii ) leading indicators : a company may maintain a continuous scrutiny of those indicators , such as levels of consumer spending , new car registrations , engineering orders obtained , housebuilding starts ( etc ) which have an established relationship to its own level of sales .
5.3 ii ) leading [signs] : a company may maintain a continuous scrutiny of those [signs] , such as levels of consumer spending , new car registrations , engineering orders obtained , housebuilding starts ( etc ) which have an established relationship to its own level of sales .

Each section head prepares a statement of activities , staff numbers , achievements , and so forth ; developing where possible performance indicators ( such as average time spent on each planning appeal ) .
each section head prepares a statement of activities , staff numbers , achievements , and so forth ; developing where possible performance [signs] ( such as average time spent on each planning appeal ) .

One Treasury review ( 1985 , p. 19 ) candidly admitted , ‘ What has been achieved so far amounts to an impressive array of intermediate indicators … there are , as yet , relatively few links … between inputs and outputs which show managers how changes in resources and priorities can lead to changes in output … Performance measures still impact only slightly on resource allocation decisions ’ .
one treasury review ( 1985 , p. 19 ) candidly admitted , ‘ what has been achieved so far amounts to an impressive array of intermediate [signs] … there are , as yet , relatively few links … between inputs and outputs which show managers how changes in resources and priorities can lead to changes in output … performance measures still impact only slightly on resource allocation decisions ’ .

This latter difficulty , possible manipulation by managers , is found with practically all performance indicators , with gaming often being practised both to meet targets and to downgrade aspects of performance not specifically measured .
this latter difficulty , possible manipulation by managers , is found with practically all performance [signs] , with gaming often being practised both to meet targets and to downgrade aspects of performance not specifically measured .

While precise indicators of the numbers of laws depend upon more precise definition of what are considered as laws ( there is a variety of different types of order , statute and regulation ) , one crude indicator for the expansion of legislation in the United States is that the Federal Register grew from 2,355 pages in 1936 to 60,221 pages in 1975 ; another indicator for Britain is found in the Index to the Statutes — the index listing legislation for , the period from 1235 to 1935 takes up 788 pages , while that for 1936 to 1982 takes up 978 pages .
while precise [signs] of the numbers of laws depend upon more precise definition of what are considered as laws ( there is a variety of different types of order , statute and regulation ) , one crude indicator for the expansion of legislation in the united states is that the federal register grew from 2,355 pages in 1936 to 60,221 pages in 1975 ; another indicator for britain is found in the index to the statutes — the index listing legislation for , the period from 1235 to 1935 takes up 788 pages , while that for 1936 to 1982 takes up 978 pages .

Immediately , the blinking red lights on the diagnostic panel were replaced by steady green indicators .
immediately , the blinking red lights on the diagnostic panel were replaced by steady green [signs] .

The indicators were beginning to flicker hesitantly , reminding him of his foolishness .
the [signs] were beginning to flicker hesitantly , reminding him of his foolishness .

In any field of employment a successful application depends to some degree on the applicant 's being seen to say and do what is expected during the selection process , and to this extent conventional selection methods can always be faulted for the way they may presume that words uttered on a form or in an interview are reliable indicators of future performance .
in any field of employment a successful application depends to some degree on the applicant 's being seen to say and do what is expected during the selection process , and to this extent conventional selection methods can always be faulted for the way they may presume that words uttered on a form or in an interview are reliable [signs] of future performance .

In the early 1980s , the Metropolitan police installed Divisional Information Officers to monitor the rise and fall of ‘ tension indicators ’ ( e.g .
in the early 1980s , the metropolitan police installed divisional information officers to monitor the rise and fall of ‘ tension [signs] ’ ( e.g .

These indicators are used to identify ‘ riot prone ’ areas in London ( ibid . )
these [signs] are used to identify ‘ riot prone ’ areas in london ( ibid . )

Indeed , work published by the Home Office ( Field 1990 ) suggests that other indicators may capture the effect of economic conditions better than unemployment .
indeed , work published by the home office ( field 1990 ) suggests that other [signs] may capture the effect of economic conditions better than unemployment .

The marketers of , say , electronics products or costly household equipment ( items often bought on credit ) need to be aware of financial indicators as the marketers of a credit card .
the marketers of , say , electronics products or costly household equipment ( items often bought on credit ) need to be aware of financial [signs] as the marketers of a credit card .

At present several attempts are being made to devise performance indicators which would enable schools to be graded , and serve both as a management tool and as a guide to parents in choosing a school .
at present several attempts are being made to devise performance [signs] which would enable schools to be graded , and serve both as a management tool and as a guide to parents in choosing a school .

The Committee of Vice-Chancellors and Principals co-operated with the University Grants Committee , before its demise in 1989 , in drawing up a list of ‘ performance indicators ’ .
the committee of vice-chancellors and principals co-operated with the university grants committee , before its demise in 1989 , in drawing up a list of ‘ performance [signs] ’ .

The socially selective nature of migration , which the previous section identified at all three scales , has worked alongside differences in the indigenous rates of upward social mobility to produce impressive contrasts in social status and other indicators of material well-being between North and South , between rural and urban sub-regions , and between suburbs and inner cities .
the socially selective nature of migration , which the previous section identified at all three scales , has worked alongside differences in the indigenous rates of upward social mobility to produce impressive contrasts in social status and other [signs] of material well-being between north and south , between rural and urban sub-regions , and between suburbs and inner cities .

Table 4.7 Highest and lowest Local Labour Market Areas for two social indicators , 1981
table 4.7 highest and lowest local labour market areas for two social [signs] , 1981

Indicators of such a commitment would be :
[signs] of such a commitment would be :

work targets and in-built performance indicators .
work targets and in-built performance [signs] .

If the new higher education funding bodies established by the Education Reform Act ( 1988 ) were to rely over-heavily on numerical ‘ performance indicators ’ in assessing the extent to which institutions have fulfilled the contracts for which they are funded , institutions are likely to develop course appraisal systems which record performance in just those terms .
if the new higher education funding bodies established by the education reform act ( 1988 ) were to rely over-heavily on numerical ‘ performance [signs] ’ in assessing the extent to which institutions have fulfilled the contracts for which they are funded , institutions are likely to develop course appraisal systems which record performance in just those terms .

The drive towards numerical and managerial performance indicators has already been mentioned .
the drive towards numerical and managerial performance [signs] has already been mentioned .

Discourse about higher education focuses on structure , finance , numbers and performance indicators : it is about means , method and systems for planning and resource allocation .
discourse about higher education focuses on structure , finance , numbers and performance [signs] : it is about means , method and systems for planning and resource allocation .

ideas of efficiency , numerical performance indicators and managerial top-down decision making can seem to be justified in terms of their ‘ rationality ’ .
ideas of efficiency , numerical performance [signs] and managerial top-down decision making can seem to be justified in terms of their ‘ rationality ’ .

The Corporate Report takes the view that published accounts should include additional indicators of performance via additional statements , such as statements of value added , employment reports , statements of money exchanges with governments , etc .
the corporate report takes the view that published accounts should include additional [signs] of performance via additional statements , such as statements of value added , employment reports , statements of money exchanges with governments , etc .

Nevertheless , the 1980s have witnessed ever-increasing use of performance indicators , some of which are unit cost statistics but many of which are output measures , albeit usually low-level output measures .
nevertheless , the 1980s have witnessed ever-increasing use of performance [signs] , some of which are unit cost statistics but many of which are output measures , albeit usually low-level output measures .

British Rail is a notable example for having taken an early lead in publishing performance indicators .
british rail is a notable example for having taken an early lead in publishing performance [signs] .

In the 1990/91 accounts , the indicators are clearly not part of the audited financial statements and have not been audited .
in the 1990/91 accounts , the [signs] are clearly not part of the audited financial statements and have not been audited .

In addition , within the Annual Report section , some actual performance indicators are compared with quantified objectives . In the 1986/87 accounts :
in addition , within the annual report section , some actual performance [signs] are compared with quantified objectives . in the 1986/87 accounts :

Setting aside the important caveat about the reliability of these numbers in the absence of an audit , what conclusions can we draw about performance indicators such as these ?
setting aside the important caveat about the reliability of these numbers in the absence of an audit , what conclusions can we draw about performance [signs] such as these ?

Whether the performance indicators relating to these issues are relevant is more difficult .
whether the performance [signs] relating to these issues are relevant is more difficult .

If this were true then the fact of having to report the indicators may encourage managers to achieve their targets .
if this were true then the fact of having to report the [signs] may encourage managers to achieve their targets .

This obviously makes explicit what is generally true of performance indicators : that they are not usually generated from a systematic record ( and when they are , the system is not as reliable as a bookkeeping system can be ) .
this obviously makes explicit what is generally true of performance [signs] : that they are not usually generated from a systematic record ( and when they are , the system is not as reliable as a bookkeeping system can be ) .

For all that we might say about the relevance of performance indicators in financial reporting , a fundamental and seemingly intractable problem remains : performance can not be judged in terms of output alone , economy , efficiency and effectiveness must be judged together .
for all that we might say about the relevance of performance [signs] in financial reporting , a fundamental and seemingly intractable problem remains : performance can not be judged in terms of output alone , economy , efficiency and effectiveness must be judged together .

No doubt British Rail and Royal Mail could improve their performance indicators given unlimited inputs .
no doubt british rail and royal mail could improve their performance [signs] given unlimited inputs .

As we shall see in later chapters the public sector is making increasing use of performance indicators in order to assess the effect of policies .
as we shall see in later chapters the public sector is making increasing use of performance [signs] in order to assess the effect of policies .

Less controversially , it soon becomes apparent to personnel involved in course and presenter evaluation that student respondents rarely assign very poor ratings , or make extremely negative comments , even when other indicators such as colleague judgement suggest that a course has been presented particularly poorly .
less controversially , it soon becomes apparent to personnel involved in course and presenter evaluation that student respondents rarely assign very poor ratings , or make extremely negative comments , even when other [signs] such as colleague judgement suggest that a course has been presented particularly poorly .

There are some indications that the interior of Mercury is hot , and other indications that the outer regions have cooled rapidly . What are these indicators ?
there are some indications that the interior of mercury is hot , and other indications that the outer regions have cooled rapidly . what are these [signs] ?

It seems a faint hope that an administrative model which may involve setting unattainable standards based on competence-led performance indicators , inflexibility in eligibility criteria , and limitations on the use of self as a resource , can supply the incentives to provide or even to broker services in an improved way .
it seems a faint hope that an administrative model which may involve setting unattainable standards based on competence-led performance [signs] , inflexibility in eligibility criteria , and limitations on the use of self as a resource , can supply the incentives to provide or even to broker services in an improved way .

Supervisors must be aware of an sensitive to negative behavioural and attitudinal indicators in order to anticipate/prevent aggressive or violent outbursts .
supervisors must be aware of an sensitive to negative behavioural and attitudinal [signs] in order to anticipate/prevent aggressive or violent outbursts .

Monitoring and indicators — how new Government commitments will be followed up through the anniversary White Paper series — the development of indicators in key areas of concern .
monitoring and [signs] — how new government commitments will be followed up through the anniversary white paper series — the development of [signs] in key areas of concern .

Will information which has been used to determine projected levels of natural resource consumption or calculate growth indicators , such as future private car demand , be covered , for instance ?
will information which has been used to determine projected levels of natural resource consumption or calculate growth [signs] , such as future private car demand , be covered , for instance ?

they should each adopt an environmental policy with clear indicators to allow the public to see how successfully they are implemented ;
they should each adopt an environmental policy with clear [signs] to allow the public to see how successfully they are implemented ;

Monitoring and indicators — how new Government commitments will be followed up through the anniversary White Paper series — the development of indicators in key areas of concern .
monitoring and [signs] — how new government commitments will be followed up through the anniversary white paper series — the development of [signs] in key areas of concern .

Environmental Indicators scrutinises and compares the `` track record `` of 24 member nations , by presenting detailed data on air and water pollution , nature conservation , exploitation of natural resources , imports of tropical rainforest timber , and waste production and disposal .
environmental [signs] scrutinises and compares the `` track record `` of 24 member nations , by presenting detailed data on air and water pollution , nature conservation , exploitation of natural resources , imports of tropical rainforest timber , and waste production and disposal .

It appears that only limited insights into the organisation of style are to be gained from those sources — commentaries , inscriptions , and socio-economic indicators — which reflect upon style .
it appears that only limited insights into the organisation of style are to be gained from those sources — commentaries , inscriptions , and socio-economic [signs] — which reflect upon style .

It is with these that the archaeological study of Romano-British mosaics is primarily concerned : the indicators of stylistic affinity upon which are based any suggestions of uniqueness of design , regularity between the interests of clients , the existence of aids to design i.e .
it is with these that the archaeological study of romano-british mosaics is primarily concerned : the [signs] of stylistic affinity upon which are based any suggestions of uniqueness of design , regularity between the interests of clients , the existence of aids to design i.e .

It is the similarities of technique and of the central flowers and guilloche decoration between these mosaics which are the final indicators of affinity .
it is the similarities of technique and of the central flowers and guilloche decoration between these mosaics which are the final [signs] of affinity .

Between those of the former two sites ( assuming the drawings of the mosaics are accurate ) there are numerous indicators of a close stylistic relationship .
between those of the former two sites ( assuming the drawings of the mosaics are accurate ) there are numerous [signs] of a close stylistic relationship .

On density , the circular played down its importance and commented that ‘ for many of the redevelopment and infill sites now to be brought into use , densities do not provide reliable performance indicators ’ .
on density , the circular played down its importance and commented that ‘ for many of the redevelopment and infill sites now to be brought into use , densities do not provide reliable performance [signs] ’ .

Possible research approaches include following up infants experiencing some perinatal trauma who also have a close biological relative with schizophrenia in the hopes of identifying other indicators of risk .
possible research approaches include following up infants experiencing some perinatal trauma who also have a close biological relative with schizophrenia in the hopes of identifying other [signs] of risk .

There are also the ubiquitous activities of the Audit Commission especially their growing requirements to establish performance indicators and publish the statistical results of these exercises .
there are also the ubiquitous activities of the audit commission especially their growing requirements to establish performance [signs] and publish the statistical results of these exercises .

Of late , we have seen the appearance of league tables for schools — soon we will see their counterpart for other council services — which will then be combined to produce composite indicators .
of late , we have seen the appearance of league tables for schools — soon we will see their counterpart for other council services — which will then be combined to produce composite [signs] .

According to the Prince , their disappearance `` is one of the strongest indicators of the marine ecosystem of the Mediterranean `` .
according to the prince , their disappearance `` is one of the strongest [signs] of the marine ecosystem of the mediterranean `` .

As indicators showed that the quality of air fell to `` very poor `` in some areas , the government issued a health warning and urged people in London and other cities not to use their cars unless absolutely necessary , asthmatics and people with chest complaints to stay indoors , and those taking exercise outdoors to stop doing so until conditions changed .
as [signs] showed that the quality of air fell to `` very poor `` in some areas , the government issued a health warning and urged people in london and other cities not to use their cars unless absolutely necessary , asthmatics and people with chest complaints to stay indoors , and those taking exercise outdoors to stop doing so until conditions changed .

Economic indicators worsened considerably , and unemployment rose dramatically ( see Chapter 1 ) .
economic [signs] worsened considerably , and unemployment rose dramatically ( see chapter 1 ) .

This leads us to propose the ‘ causal direction hypothesis ’ : children learn about the role of causal connectives as indicators of which event is cause and which effect before they learn about their role as indicators of which event happened first .
this leads us to propose the ‘ causal direction hypothesis ’ : children learn about the role of causal connectives as [signs] of which event is cause and which effect before they learn about their role as [signs] of which event happened first .

There is one type of implicit identification in which source markers are absent , but where other devices in the narrative serve as indicators . For example :
there is one type of implicit identification in which source markers are absent , but where other devices in the narrative serve as [signs] . for example :

But whatever we call it , this sense that words do not just have their face-value meaning , but are to be critically interpreted as indicators of tone and attitude , is an essential part of James 's technique .
but whatever we call it , this sense that words do not just have their face-value meaning , but are to be critically interpreted as [signs] of tone and attitude , is an essential part of james 's technique .

After the bubble burst and concerns about the market grew , annual Show results became closely watched indicators of market strength .
after the bubble burst and concerns about the market grew , annual show results became closely watched [signs] of market strength .

Rough estimations of pH can be made quickly with indicators , either in liquid form or as test papers .
rough estimations of ph can be made quickly with [signs] , either in liquid form or as test papers .

( Copies of old rugs sometimes include the original date and signature , but there is rarely any attempt to pass them off as originals ; even if there were , other indicators of age would make such deceit obvious . )
( copies of old rugs sometimes include the original date and signature , but there is rarely any attempt to pass them off as originals ; even if there were , other [signs] of age would make such deceit obvious . )

Thus both management and employees would be covered by some sort of bonus scheme , maybe related to different indicators of performance .
thus both management and employees would be covered by some sort of bonus scheme , maybe related to different [signs] of performance .

The 1978 White Paper also proposed that the nationalized industries should produce what are sometimes called `` non-financial performance indicators `` .
the 1978 white paper also proposed that the nationalized industries should produce what are sometimes called `` non-financial performance [signs] `` .

For example , in British Rail 's 1984/5 Annual Report , numerous performance indicators are illustrated , mostly demonstrating improved performance , but performance against target is seldom mentioned , and only two international comparisons are given .
for example , in british rail 's 1984/5 annual report , numerous performance [signs] are illustrated , mostly demonstrating improved performance , but performance against target is seldom mentioned , and only two international comparisons are given .

Caledonian MacBrayne ) , and more use of ( financial and non-financial ) performance indicators .
caledonian macbrayne ) , and more use of ( financial and non-financial ) performance [signs] .

The data in the appendix add details of the chronology of policy development in each of our three countries and the changes over recent years in trade and investment flows , sectoral composition of the economy and demographic indicators .
the data in the appendix add details of the chronology of policy development in each of our three countries and the changes over recent years in trade and investment flows , sectoral composition of the economy and demographic [signs] .

Moreover , particular examples of the use or non-use of multiple points of view are not necessarily indicators of cognitive deprivation .
moreover , particular examples of the use or non-use of multiple points of view are not necessarily [signs] of cognitive deprivation .

Abilities are only indicators of potential , not predictors of performance .
abilities are only [signs] of potential , not predictors of performance .

If a search for money and/or an avoidance of stress are two indicators of strong arousals from this goal category , then it is clear that some people can be motivated for long periods of time either by stress avoidance or by accumulating more and more money .
if a search for money and/or an avoidance of stress are two [signs] of strong arousals from this goal category , then it is clear that some people can be motivated for long periods of time either by stress avoidance or by accumulating more and more money .

Conversely , poor socialization will be indicated by the opposite : low performance plus the usual indicators of poor commitment — absenteeism , illness , conflict , dissatisfaction , high turnover of staff .
conversely , poor socialization will be indicated by the opposite : low performance plus the usual [signs] of poor commitment — absenteeism , illness , conflict , dissatisfaction , high turnover of staff .

On these indicators London falls between the other two cities .
on these [signs] london falls between the other two cities .

Aggregate economic indicators give but a partial insight into the extent of devastation after the war because of the shattering emotional impact of Japan 's unconditional surrender .
aggregate economic [signs] give but a partial insight into the extent of devastation after the war because of the shattering emotional impact of japan 's unconditional surrender .

Bailey and Harrison found that for certain types of passage cloze scores were potentially unreliable indicators of comprehension .
bailey and harrison found that for certain types of passage cloze scores were potentially unreliable [signs] of comprehension .

Bereiter 's mention of syntax provides a timely cue for looking at another area of research into writing development which , it was hoped , would give us clear indicators of development through the years of schooling .
bereiter 's mention of syntax provides a timely cue for looking at another area of research into writing development which , it was hoped , would give us clear [signs] of development through the years of schooling .

It is clear , therefore , that frequency-count indicators are useful only when investigating the development of immature writers .
it is clear , therefore , that frequency-count [signs] are useful only when investigating the development of immature writers .

Pulse and blood pressure are also important indicators of circulatory status .
pulse and blood pressure are also important [signs] of circulatory status .

The Training Agency has suggested that the mechanism for monitoring Compacts should be the establishment of `` performance indicators `` to measure change .
the training agency has suggested that the mechanism for monitoring compacts should be the establishment of `` performance [signs] `` to measure change .

If performance indicators are designed to measure change , and goals are expressed in terms of improvement , this process will be easier .
if performance [signs] are designed to measure change , and goals are expressed in terms of improvement , this process will be easier .

He measures the conditions and amenities considered to be ‘ customary ’ in terms of 60 indicators of an approved standard of living .
he measures the conditions and amenities considered to be ‘ customary ’ in terms of 60 [signs] of an approved standard of living .

Some people may not want to send Christmas cards or eat meat at least once a week ( two of Townsend 's indicators of conventional British life ) : the implication is that Townsend grossly exaggerates the incidence of poverty because he ignores the fact that people may choose to do without such things .
some people may not want to send christmas cards or eat meat at least once a week ( two of townsend 's [signs] of conventional british life ) : the implication is that townsend grossly exaggerates the incidence of poverty because he ignores the fact that people may choose to do without such things .

The stature of children and age at menarche are fairly sensitive indicators of nutritional status and health ( Tanner 1962 , 1978 ) .
the stature of children and age at menarche are fairly sensitive [signs] of nutritional status and health ( tanner 1962 , 1978 ) .

Many of the classic economic and social indicators of fertility decline had been present for a long time in nineteenth-century Britain .
many of the classic economic and social [signs] of fertility decline had been present for a long time in nineteenth-century britain .

Well into the twentieth century there was a simple correlation between economic indicators , such as unemployment , and marriage rates ( Glass 1938 , Galbraith and Thomas 1941 , Kirk 1942 ) , even though by 1870 the birth-rate had begun its decline within marriage .
well into the twentieth century there was a simple correlation between economic [signs] , such as unemployment , and marriage rates ( glass 1938 , galbraith and thomas 1941 , kirk 1942 ) , even though by 1870 the birth-rate had begun its decline within marriage .

As a result of these disadvantages , members of large cohorts are also claimed to suffer — and generate — higher crime rates and other indicators of social discontent ( Easterlin 1978 ) .
as a result of these disadvantages , members of large cohorts are also claimed to suffer — and generate — higher crime rates and other [signs] of social discontent ( easterlin 1978 ) .

The econometric models described above can derive current fertility from current socio-economic indicators .
the econometric models described above can derive current fertility from current socio-economic [signs] .

The trends in number of Easter Communicants , of conversion to the Roman Catholic Church , or the National Secular Society , are regarded as indicators of a switching of ideological allegiance .
the trends in number of easter communicants , of conversion to the roman catholic church , or the national secular society , are regarded as [signs] of a switching of ideological allegiance .

The dustbag itself forms part of the filtration system , so if high filtration is important to you , be sure to look out for cleaners that have dust indicators to tell you the amount the bag contains .
the dustbag itself forms part of the filtration system , so if high filtration is important to you , be sure to look out for cleaners that have dust [signs] to tell you the amount the bag contains .

Therefore , given the limitations on our time , resources and methods of investigation , we decided to adopt a two-pronged approach to estimating the prevalence of heroin use , a strategy developed by the London based Drug Indicators Project ( Hartnoll et al .
therefore , given the limitations on our time , resources and methods of investigation , we decided to adopt a two-pronged approach to estimating the prevalence of heroin use , a strategy developed by the london based drug [signs] project ( hartnoll et al .

Significant positive correlations were found between the rate of known opioid use and each of seven indicators of social deprivation ( in both the general and youth populations ) , namely : unemployment , council tenancies , overcrowding , large families , single-parent households , an unskilled labour force , and having no access to a car ( see Parker et al .
significant positive correlations were found between the rate of known opioid use and each of seven [signs] of social deprivation ( in both the general and youth populations ) , namely : unemployment , council tenancies , overcrowding , large families , single-parent households , an unskilled labour force , and having no access to a car ( see parker et al .

The first research team to investigate the prevalence of opioid use through multi-agency surveys and fieldwork was the London-based Drug Indicators Project ( Hartnoll et al .
the first research team to investigate the prevalence of opioid use through multi-agency surveys and fieldwork was the london-based drug [signs] project ( hartnoll et al .

Furthermore , as in the first survey , the rate of known opioid use was significantly correlated with townships ' unemployment rates and other indicators of social deprivation .
furthermore , as in the first survey , the rate of known opioid use was significantly correlated with townships ' unemployment rates and other [signs] of social deprivation .

As in the first survey , four out of five known opioid users who were available for work were unemployed , and the rate of problem drug use was again significantly correlated with townships ' unemployment rates and other indicators of social deprivation .
as in the first survey , four out of five known opioid users who were available for work were unemployed , and the rate of problem drug use was again significantly correlated with townships ' unemployment rates and other [signs] of social deprivation .

Secondly , as we have shown in Chapter 2 , there are consistent , significant , positive correlations between the rates of known opioid use on Wirral and the six major indicators of social deprivation : unemployment , council tenancies , overcrowding , large families , unskilled labour force , and presence of single parents .
secondly , as we have shown in chapter 2 , there are consistent , significant , positive correlations between the rates of known opioid use on wirral and the six major [signs] of social deprivation : unemployment , council tenancies , overcrowding , large families , unskilled labour force , and presence of single parents .

There is an obvious need to be able to develop indicators which summarize the structure of a given population at a variety of scales of analysis ( e.g national , regional or county ) .
there is an obvious need to be able to develop [signs] which summarize the structure of a given population at a variety of scales of analysis ( e.g national , regional or county ) .

( 1983 ) argue that only very advanced age and recently discharged from hospital actually warrant identification as indicators of vulnerability .
( 1983 ) argue that only very advanced age and recently discharged from hospital actually warrant identification as [signs] of vulnerability .

Lawyers ' appeals to fairness and justice do not necessarily mean that economic indicators such as efficiency are banished from the debate altogether ; rather , economic and noneconomic factors must both be taken into account .
lawyers ' appeals to fairness and justice do not necessarily mean that economic [signs] such as efficiency are banished from the debate altogether ; rather , economic and noneconomic factors must both be taken into account .

No information was available on placental size or other indicators of in utero nutrition , and subnormal prenatal nutrition of those who subsequently became diabetic can not be excluded .
no information was available on placental size or other [signs] of in utero nutrition , and subnormal prenatal nutrition of those who subsequently became diabetic can not be excluded .

Prescribing analysis and cost data offer valuable insights into practice indicators of prescribing that are worthy of further investigation ( box ) .
prescribing analysis and cost data offer valuable insights into practice [signs] of prescribing that are worthy of further investigation ( box ) .

Practice indicators from prescribing analysis and cost data can illumine audit and highlight discussion areas ( box ) .
practice [signs] from prescribing analysis and cost data can illumine audit and highlight discussion areas ( box ) .

Some indicators of prescribing in a practice
some [signs] of prescribing in a practice

Some indicators useful for audit of prescribing in general practice
some [signs] useful for audit of prescribing in general practice

The United Kingdom has a unique database of prescribing from which practice indicators and audit of prescribing can be derived
the united kingdom has a unique database of prescribing from which practice [signs] and audit of prescribing can be derived

He claimed he could n't properly see the dials and light indicators on the dashboard , as they were obscured by the leather Momo steering wheel .
he claimed he could n't properly see the dials and light [signs] on the dashboard , as they were obscured by the leather momo steering wheel .

Factory production , high street sales and unemployment figures are all expected to reveal a more sober picture after recent buoyant indicators , economists believe .
factory production , high street sales and unemployment figures are all expected to reveal a more sober picture after recent buoyant [signs] , economists believe .

‘ Elements ’ are precise descriptions of what people need to be able to do to be considered competent and have associated with them ‘ performance criteria ’ , which are the key indicators used to judge the individual 's level of performance .
‘ elements ’ are precise descriptions of what people need to be able to do to be considered competent and have associated with them ‘ performance criteria ’ , which are the key [signs] used to judge the individual 's level of performance .

‘ over a period of time ’ , are clear indicators of lack of maintenance .
‘ over a period of time ’ , are clear [signs] of lack of maintenance .

Provincial 's board now receives a monthly 20-page package incorporating the key financials , economic indicators and a branch activity report but also market intelligence from each of the 20 branch managers , ‘ saying what the local market is doing and suggesting any good business to be done .
provincial 's board now receives a monthly 20-page package incorporating the key financials , economic [signs] and a branch activity report but also market intelligence from each of the 20 branch managers , ‘ saying what the local market is doing and suggesting any good business to be done .

In the same way , key performance indicators set up for each function are reviewed quarterly against its business plan with relevant managers ‘ but it 's not a dull , dry event : it 's when everybody pulls together , discussing everything that 's happening in great depth and giving managers the opportunity to explain to directors why they 're falling short , the constraints and obstacles , and so achieving agreement with the figures and the indicators used , ’ he said .
in the same way , key performance [signs] set up for each function are reviewed quarterly against its business plan with relevant managers ‘ but it 's not a dull , dry event : it 's when everybody pulls together , discussing everything that 's happening in great depth and giving managers the opportunity to explain to directors why they 're falling short , the constraints and obstacles , and so achieving agreement with the figures and the [signs] used , ’ he said .

Attendance rates and truancy levels as performance indicators for schools are only part of the story .
attendance rates and truancy levels as performance [signs] for schools are only part of the story .

Market indicators show that capital values in public houses have fallen in the past two years by between 50 per cent and 60 per cent .
market [signs] show that capital values in public houses have fallen in the past two years by between 50 per cent and 60 per cent .

In addition , this Agreement contains indicators which measure the effectiveness of the Agency in delivering some key elements of these service standards .
in addition , this agreement contains [signs] which measure the effectiveness of the agency in delivering some key elements of these service standards .

— Links to Assessment Indicators
— links to assessment [signs]

You will see that each of the four principles of the Standard is accompanied by a number of indicators which stem directly from the Standard but do not go beyond it in any way .
you will see that each of the four principles of the standard is accompanied by a number of [signs] which stem directly from the standard but do not go beyond it in any way .

The indicators underpin each other and should be viewed as a whole .
the [signs] underpin each other and should be viewed as a whole .

Assessment Indicators
assessment [signs]

Assessment Indicators
assessment [signs]

Assessment Indicators
assessment [signs]

Assessment Indicators
assessment [signs]

The above figures are only estimates and should not be taken as firm indicators .
the above figures are only estimates and should not be taken as firm [signs] .

The above figures are only estimates and should not be taken as firm indicators .
the above figures are only estimates and should not be taken as firm [signs] .

Iittle information on them outside the demographic and social indicators tables ) .
iittle information on them outside the demographic and social [signs] tables ) .

He finds , not surprisingly , that the two based mainly on economic indicators tend to rank the United States very high ( first and second ) , while the other two , more widely based , classifications rank it lower ( sixth and twentyfourth ) .
he finds , not surprisingly , that the two based mainly on economic [signs] tend to rank the united states very high ( first and second ) , while the other two , more widely based , classifications rank it lower ( sixth and twentyfourth ) .

While it is clear that specific genetic alterations serve as prognostic indicators , not all correlate with a poor prognosis .
while it is clear that specific genetic alterations serve as prognostic [signs] , not all correlate with a poor prognosis .

Statistics , the science of chance , is integral to medical research and to publish , editors urge authors to ‘ quantify findings and present them with appropriate indicators of measurement error or uncertainty ( such as confidence intervals ) ’ .
statistics , the science of chance , is integral to medical research and to publish , editors urge authors to ‘ quantify findings and present them with appropriate [signs] of measurement error or uncertainty ( such as confidence intervals ) ’ .

Scrolled area indicators allow the user to determine , at a glance , if there are ‘ hidden ’ entries in a scrolled area ; ie. entries which lie outside the display area .
scrolled area [signs] allow the user to determine , at a glance , if there are ‘ hidden ’ entries in a scrolled area ; ie. entries which lie outside the display area .

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

By autumn indicators pointed to a higher annual growth rate and a lower increase in inflation , but the July to September growth rate of 2.5 per cent was still the lowest since 1986 .
by autumn [signs] pointed to a higher annual growth rate and a lower increase in inflation , but the july to september growth rate of 2.5 per cent was still the lowest since 1986 .

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

c ) Indicators of pricing and profitability
c ) [signs] of pricing and profitability

Bite Alarms and Indicators
bite alarms and [signs]

Statistical modelling of corporate financial indicators
statistical modelling of corporate financial [signs]

Accordingly , the study focuses on the cross-sectional properties of some key financial indicators that are constructed from accounting data .
accordingly , the study focuses on the cross-sectional properties of some key financial [signs] that are constructed from accounting data .

i ) Given that the frequency distributions of many financial indicators have been found to be non-normal , what other statistical models could provide good approximations ?
i ) given that the frequency distributions of many financial [signs] have been found to be non-normal , what other statistical models could provide good approximations ?

This work will be used to examine possible policy changes — to the tax treatment of husband and wife , for example — and has developed new indicators of welfare effects , measures of standard of living , labour supply effects and other responses .
this work will be used to examine possible policy changes — to the tax treatment of husband and wife , for example — and has developed new [signs] of welfare effects , measures of standard of living , labour supply effects and other responses .

The aim is to discover , for example by estimating ‘ reaction functions ’ what were the economic indicators to which policymakers in fact responded .
the aim is to discover , for example by estimating ‘ reaction functions ’ what were the economic [signs] to which policymakers in fact responded .

The project will analyse the distribution over households of various indicators of living standards .
the project will analyse the distribution over households of various [signs] of living standards .

It is intended to approach this by studying : — their patenting activity by means of patents granted to them in the United States in the past 25 years ; this will indicate the areas where the industries/economies of each country — and their research/innovative activity appears to be strongest ; — the adoption of the selected major postwar innovations and their diffusion in the industries of each of the countries covered ; — their performance in ‘ high-technology ’ areas ; — certain indicators of the countries ' energy economics ; — and possibly assess their productivity level in comparison with some West European countries ; Economic research institutes in Sofia , Prague , Budapest and Warsaw will cooperate by providing — where necessary — the technical and statistical information required .
it is intended to approach this by studying : — their patenting activity by means of patents granted to them in the united states in the past 25 years ; this will indicate the areas where the industries/economies of each country — and their research/innovative activity appears to be strongest ; — the adoption of the selected major postwar innovations and their diffusion in the industries of each of the countries covered ; — their performance in ‘ high-technology ’ areas ; — certain [signs] of the countries ' energy economics ; — and possibly assess their productivity level in comparison with some west european countries ; economic research institutes in sofia , prague , budapest and warsaw will cooperate by providing — where necessary — the technical and statistical information required .

Leading indicators : forecast performance , turning points and policy
leading [signs] : forecast performance , turning points and policy

Technological output indicators and industrial competitiveness
technological output [signs] and industrial competitiveness

As in the original study , the main source will be small-areas census and other data , with measures of inequality calculated from these indicators .
as in the original study , the main source will be small-areas census and other data , with measures of inequality calculated from these [signs] .

ii ) to examine the characteristics of different fractions of the middle class , using indicators such as length of residence , income , consumption patterns , labour market characteristics , etc .
ii ) to examine the characteristics of different fractions of the middle class , using [signs] such as length of residence , income , consumption patterns , labour market characteristics , etc .

Such factors as the growth in unemployment and numbers of one-parent families mean that a major aim will be to identify more specific indicators of a heightened risk of entering care .
such factors as the growth in unemployment and numbers of one-parent families mean that a major aim will be to identify more specific [signs] of a heightened risk of entering care .

In both instances , emphasis has been put on the development of performance indicators as tools of evaluation .
in both instances , emphasis has been put on the development of performance [signs] as tools of evaluation .

Further , the study will also look at the use of performance indicators in the private sector of the economy in order to establish whether there is anything unique about the public sector or whether problems of evaluating performance are common to particular kinds of services .
further , the study will also look at the use of performance [signs] in the private sector of the economy in order to establish whether there is anything unique about the public sector or whether problems of evaluating performance are common to particular kinds of services .

Research degrees in the public sector : indicators and outcome
research degrees in the public sector : [signs] and outcome

By combining such indicators , a quantitative picture can be presented of what has happened in British central government administration over the period both corporately and in individual departments ; and the question of whether changes in one dimension are related to changes in others can be examined .
by combining such [signs] , a quantitative picture can be presented of what has happened in british central government administration over the period both corporately and in individual departments ; and the question of whether changes in one dimension are related to changes in others can be examined .

Performance Indicators
performance [signs]

The information available through the payroll was : name man number payroll number ( hourly , weekly , monthly ) depot number birth date date of joining salary company division department marital status date left At a later date indicators were added for : membership of pension scheme savings scheme part-timers address job title It became apparent immediately that quite a lot could be done with a good program .
the information available through the payroll was : name man number payroll number ( hourly , weekly , monthly ) depot number birth date date of joining salary company division department marital status date left at a later date [signs] were added for : membership of pension scheme savings scheme part-timers address job title it became apparent immediately that quite a lot could be done with a good program .

From such a general classification , discussed in detail below , two very general conclusions can be shown to emerge : that several categories of small towns saw the provision of some form of internal street network to meet the needs of their inhabitants and that the existence of such a system , coupled with other morphological and functional indicators , might well reflect a higher degree of internal organization and urban complexity .
from such a general classification , discussed in detail below , two very general conclusions can be shown to emerge : that several categories of small towns saw the provision of some form of internal street network to meet the needs of their inhabitants and that the existence of such a system , coupled with other morphological and functional [signs] , might well reflect a higher degree of internal organization and urban complexity .

Nevertheless there are some indicators .
nevertheless there are some [signs] .

More usually , leather fragments and offcuts are the main indicators , as for example at Bath , Brampton , Carlisle , Middlewich and Water Newton .
more usually , leather fragments and offcuts are the main [signs] , as for example at bath , brampton , carlisle , middlewich and water newton .

Doubts have been expressed , though , on this use of pottery distributions because the evidence can be interpreted in different ways and so care must be exercised in using these projections as indicators of market areas .
doubts have been expressed , though , on this use of pottery distributions because the evidence can be interpreted in different ways and so care must be exercised in using these projections as [signs] of market areas .

It remains to mention the evidence for harbours and quays in the small towns , as indicators of a possible role in the distribution of goods .
it remains to mention the evidence for harbours and quays in the small towns , as [signs] of a possible role in the distribution of goods .

The market often anticipates interest changes likely to come as a result of changes in economic indicators such as the inflation rate or the exchange rate .
the market often anticipates interest changes likely to come as a result of changes in economic [signs] such as the inflation rate or the exchange rate .

Everything falls neatly to hand , and all switches and indicators are clearly marked .
everything falls neatly to hand , and all switches and [signs] are clearly marked .

The dot indicators on each line of the staves give the position of each semi-quaver in a time signature of 4/4 .
the dot [signs] on each line of the staves give the position of each semi-quaver in a time signature of 4/4 .

Once a well-fitting function has been obtained one can of course use the usual mathematical techniques to derive other indicators such rates of change , means or smoothed curves which suppress small deviations and show a trend .
once a well-fitting function has been obtained one can of course use the usual mathematical techniques to derive other [signs] such rates of change , means or smoothed curves which suppress small deviations and show a trend .

Some representative indicators of plant growth are listed , together with brief comments .
some representative [signs] of plant growth are listed , together with brief comments .

The indicators recorded were
the [signs] recorded were

For plants there have been numerous papers on the relationship between growth indicators such as dry weight or leaf area and time .
for plants there have been numerous papers on the relationship between growth [signs] such as dry weight or leaf area and time .

Indeed titles are everywhere in China today , with little trace of the fact that the Cultural Revolution sought to banish such indicators of rank and position .
indeed titles are everywhere in china today , with little trace of the fact that the cultural revolution sought to banish such [signs] of rank and position .

There is a mixture of indicators , but on the whole the adverse indicators seem heavier and more serious than the favourable ones , many of which are things such as confidence surveys , which do not tell one very much about what will happen .
there is a mixture of [signs] , but on the whole the adverse [signs] seem heavier and more serious than the favourable ones , many of which are things such as confidence surveys , which do not tell one very much about what will happen .

That is perhaps the weakest of all the indicators on which the Government seek to rely .
that is perhaps the weakest of all the [signs] on which the government seek to rely .

However hopeful we may be , however much we may snatch at the more encouraging indicators , we can not look forward with any great confidence to a consumer recovery .
however hopeful we may be , however much we may snatch at the more encouraging [signs] , we can not look forward with any great confidence to a consumer recovery .

When one considers the whole spectrum of economic indicators one finds that the north looks surprisingly healthy .
when one considers the whole spectrum of economic [signs] one finds that the north looks surprisingly healthy .

and learned Gentleman referred , are the most commonly used indicators of the level of crime , but they refer to notifiable offences reported to the police .
and learned gentleman referred , are the most commonly used [signs] of the level of crime , but they refer to notifiable offences reported to the police .

Will the Chancellor explain why after the 1983 and 1987 elections inflation and other indicators rose significantly but the Government managed to get them down just before those elections ?
will the chancellor explain why after the 1983 and 1987 elections inflation and other [signs] rose significantly but the government managed to get them down just before those elections ?

The head of each division is responsible for its operating performance , which is judged by indicators of overall success in its markets ( for example , by operating profits , sales growth or market share ) .
the head of each division is responsible for its operating performance , which is judged by [signs] of overall success in its markets ( for example , by operating profits , sales growth or market share ) .

This involves establishing mathematical links between so-called indicators , which can be directly observed , and the latent variable .
this involves establishing mathematical links between so-called [signs] , which can be directly observed , and the latent variable .

Allowance must be made for the fact that the raw data will not always have been sampled randomly , and that some data will be missing and that the indicators will often be different kinds of variable .
allowance must be made for the fact that the raw data will not always have been sampled randomly , and that some data will be missing and that the [signs] will often be different kinds of variable .

Behavioural change and health : the development and testing of indicators
behavioural change and health : the development and testing of [signs]

This project is examining psychological and physiological indicators of strain during periods of work .
this project is examining psychological and physiological [signs] of strain during periods of work .

Capital letters and various punctuation symbols such as : , , ' , may be enlisted as facet indicators .
capital letters and various punctuation symbols such as : , , ' , may be enlisted as facet [signs] .

These instructions determine the citation order of the various concepts represented by the Schedules and the Tables and remove the need for facet indicators such as would be required were more flexibility of citation order permitted .
these instructions determine the citation order of the various concepts represented by the schedules and the tables and remove the need for facet [signs] such as would be required were more flexibility of citation order permitted .

Classificatory or other indicators of relationships should be checked and recorded in their final form .
classificatory or other [signs] of relationships should be checked and recorded in their final form .

There is clearly a wide gap between the indicators of redistribution implemented in the studies described above and the theoretical concepts outlined in Section 9–1 .
there is clearly a wide gap between the [signs] of redistribution implemented in the studies described above and the theoretical concepts outlined in section 9–1 .

There are many ‘ indicators ’ for assessing how well off the people of a nation are becoming : growth in output , output per head , inflation and productivity are four of them .
there are many ‘ [signs] ’ for assessing how well off the people of a nation are becoming : growth in output , output per head , inflation and productivity are four of them .

When we add up all the indicators which show that we are moving closer to federal control , and balance them against the number which show that we are moving further away from central control , we are asking ourselves , what is the meaning of subsidiarity ? What will that newly defined concept mean in terms of moving either closer to or further away from centralism ? That is the item in the shop window which my right hon. Friend the prime Minister displayed as the main indicator of moving further away .
when we add up all the [signs] which show that we are moving closer to federal control , and balance them against the number which show that we are moving further away from central control , we are asking ourselves , what is the meaning of subsidiarity ? what will that newly defined concept mean in terms of moving either closer to or further away from centralism ? that is the item in the shop window which my right hon. friend the prime minister displayed as the main indicator of moving further away .

Provenance studies of sandstone sequences are possible using the modal composition plus maturity indicators ( Fig .
provenance studies of sandstone sequences are possible using the modal composition plus maturity [signs] ( fig .

These diagenetic fabrics can be important indicators both of the depositional environment of the sediment and of the chemistry of a variety of fluids which have been flushed through the sediment during burial .
these diagenetic fabrics can be important [signs] both of the depositional environment of the sediment and of the chemistry of a variety of fluids which have been flushed through the sediment during burial .

Mineralogical changes can also be used to indicate temperature and depth of burial ; this is of particular importance when correlated with organic temperature/depth indicators in studies of petroleum generation and migration .
mineralogical changes can also be used to indicate temperature and depth of burial ; this is of particular importance when correlated with organic temperature/depth [signs] in studies of petroleum generation and migration .

If only the class were smaller … These too are indicators of underlying tensions .
if only the class were smaller … these too are [signs] of underlying tensions .

In the Mughal court great importance was always given to small details of protocol and privilege : the colour of a turban , the number of jewels in a noble 's dagger , the place he was assigned in the Red Fort : all these things had significance as subtle indicators to an omrah 's place in the ranking of the empire .
in the mughal court great importance was always given to small details of protocol and privilege : the colour of a turban , the number of jewels in a noble 's dagger , the place he was assigned in the red fort : all these things had significance as subtle [signs] to an omrah 's place in the ranking of the empire .

Teachers will help each other , and heads and senior teachers will continue to provide their traditional extra assistance , but in addition to a school being run happily it now matters that other verifiable indicators of performance which form the basis of outside judgement are also taken fully into account .
teachers will help each other , and heads and senior teachers will continue to provide their traditional extra assistance , but in addition to a school being run happily it now matters that other verifiable [signs] of performance which form the basis of outside judgement are also taken fully into account .

If they are , they are likely to be shaped by management training which emphasizes the importance of personal factors as well as those which touch on performance indicators .
if they are , they are likely to be shaped by management training which emphasizes the importance of personal factors as well as those which touch on performance [signs] .

It might be possible physically to suppress the signs of its advance in the universities , but there were other indicators which could not so readily be ignored or concealed .
it might be possible physically to suppress the signs of its advance in the universities , but there were other [signs] which could not so readily be ignored or concealed .

Performance monitoring is particularly important , and indicators need to be established to enable both risk and risk management system performance to be monitored , using both actual records of loss and ‘ near misses ’ to build up a true picture .
performance monitoring is particularly important , and [signs] need to be established to enable both risk and risk management system performance to be monitored , using both actual records of loss and ‘ near misses ’ to build up a true picture .

Where practical , indicators of the performance of individual risk management systems also need to be established , so that the functionality and cost–effectiveness of the various components can be checked .
where practical , [signs] of the performance of individual risk management systems also need to be established , so that the functionality and cost–effectiveness of the various components can be checked .

vibration indicators to have an ‘ attention getting facility ’ , i.e. high alarm
vibration [signs] to have an ‘ attention getting facility ’ , i.e. high alarm

In a recent attempt to evaluate research , Van Raan concludes that ‘ quantitative indicators should not be used by non-peers … This is because interpretation of these indicators needs an ‘ interaction ’ between the data and background knowledge ’ .
in a recent attempt to evaluate research , van raan concludes that ‘ quantitative [signs] should not be used by non-peers … this is because interpretation of these [signs] needs an ‘ interaction ’ between the data and background knowledge ’ .

The writers had developed bibliometric indicators for analysing research group performance within two large faculties of the University .
the writers had developed bibliometric [signs] for analysing research group performance within two large faculties of the university .

An excellent recent review article by White and McCain summarises the use of bibliometric measures as indicators in science funding policy . The authors suggest that the advantages of bibliometric studies include :
an excellent recent review article by white and mccain summarises the use of bibliometric measures as [signs] in science funding policy . the authors suggest that the advantages of bibliometric studies include :

An ability to create useful indicators of developments in science , and , increasingly , in technology ;
an ability to create useful [signs] of developments in science , and , increasingly , in technology ;

In a recent letter to the Journal of Documentation , Smith lists eleven drawbacks to the use of citation analysis as research indicators . They are :
in a recent letter to the journal of documentation , smith lists eleven drawbacks to the use of citation analysis as research [signs] . they are :

‘ The annual changes of any of the [ bibliometric ] indicators considered had no statistical significance , and no trend distinguishable from the effect of random fluctuations could be observed ’ .
‘ the annual changes of any of the [ bibliometric ] [signs] considered had no statistical significance , and no trend distinguishable from the effect of random fluctuations could be observed ’ .

Leeds , Leicester , and the Open University geology departments do not feature very highly in relation to Scottish geology , but Cambridge , Oxford , Edinburgh and Durham score well in most of the bibliometric indicators studied here .
leeds , leicester , and the open university geology departments do not feature very highly in relation to scottish geology , but cambridge , oxford , edinburgh and durham score well in most of the bibliometric [signs] studied here .

Indicators of the impacts of science need to be broadened to include training and networks , as well as direct knowledge transfer , according to Pavitt .
[signs] of the impacts of science need to be broadened to include training and networks , as well as direct knowledge transfer , according to pavitt .

Most agree that measures used in combination provide much more reliable indicators of performance .
most agree that measures used in combination provide much more reliable [signs] of performance .

Thus Irvine & Martin advise the use of converging partial indicators , which they list as :
thus irvine & martin advise the use of converging partial [signs] , which they list as :

Hall describes how indicators of geoscience research can lead to the creation of an index which can be used to gauge the rate , level of development , and impact , of a particular field .
hall describes how [signs] of geoscience research can lead to the creation of an index which can be used to gauge the rate , level of development , and impact , of a particular field .

This combination of partial indicators clearly identifies those universities which produce most unproductive theses , and could be used by funding bodies in establishing objective criteria for departmental evaluation .
this combination of partial [signs] clearly identifies those universities which produce most unproductive theses , and could be used by funding bodies in establishing objective criteria for departmental evaluation .

With reference to the official statistics , Durkheim did this first of all by regarding the rates compiled by officials in the pursuance of their routine duties as not so much a simple factual registration of certain types of death , but as indicators of a `` suicidogenic `` current caused by various states of society itself .
with reference to the official statistics , durkheim did this first of all by regarding the rates compiled by officials in the pursuance of their routine duties as not so much a simple factual registration of certain types of death , but as [signs] of a `` suicidogenic `` current caused by various states of society itself .

Rather than seeing responses to questions as simple indicators of factual properties , these theorists saw them as data from which it was possible to make inferences about the dispositional and motivational character of social actors ' behaviours .
rather than seeing responses to questions as simple [signs] of factual properties , these theorists saw them as data from which it was possible to make inferences about the dispositional and motivational character of social actors ' behaviours .

The only route to more empirically grounded theories , according to what became the Lazarsfeldian programme of social research , was to develop suitably confirmed empirical generalisations across a range of studies and problem areas , and this would require the effective translation of concepts into empirical indicators ; translate , that is , concepts into the publicly observable .
the only route to more empirically grounded theories , according to what became the lazarsfeldian programme of social research , was to develop suitably confirmed empirical generalisations across a range of studies and problem areas , and this would require the effective translation of concepts into empirical [signs] ; translate , that is , concepts into the publicly observable .

And this meant translating the concepts into empirical indicators .
and this meant translating the concepts into empirical [signs] .

The task is to generate indicators of the concepts in order to see better just what empirical relationships the phenomena pointed to by the concept of class might be .
the task is to generate [signs] of the concepts in order to see better just what empirical relationships the phenomena pointed to by the concept of class might be .

Such problems , on the Lazarsfeldian view , can be sorted and clarified empirically only by , in this case , formulating indicators for each of the possible dimensions of the concept .
such problems , on the lazarsfeldian view , can be sorted and clarified empirically only by , in this case , formulating [signs] for each of the possible dimensions of the concept .

All we require is a collection of reasonable indicators which represent , to some degree which may be unknown , the concept of class .
all we require is a collection of reasonable [signs] which represent , to some degree which may be unknown , the concept of class .

It is the behaviour of the indicators which enables us to unravel the conceptual and definitional ambiguities .
it is the behaviour of the [signs] which enables us to unravel the conceptual and definitional ambiguities .

This process of elaborating a concept and moving toward empirical indicators is the crucial step in variable analysis .
this process of elaborating a concept and moving toward empirical [signs] is the crucial step in variable analysis .

Of course , the choice of indicators is not a straightforward business even though , these days , there are available a number of fairly standard ones , such as occupation as an indicator of social class .
of course , the choice of [signs] is not a straightforward business even though , these days , there are available a number of fairly standard ones , such as occupation as an indicator of social class .

In fact , any concept is likely to generate a number of indicators with no very clear idea , in advance of empirical inquiry , what they `` stand for `` .
in fact , any concept is likely to generate a number of [signs] with no very clear idea , in advance of empirical inquiry , what they `` stand for `` .

What Lazarsfeld proposed was essentially a trial-and-error process of winnowing out the poor , if promising , indicators of a concept in favour of ones which proved effective across studies .
what lazarsfeld proposed was essentially a trial-and-error process of winnowing out the poor , if promising , [signs] of a concept in favour of ones which proved effective across studies .

Finding patterns of association among indicators will enable us to determine which among them are the most significant .
finding patterns of association among [signs] will enable us to determine which among them are the most significant .

It is important to recognise that the research itself , and its setting , inflicts its own contingencies on the choice of indicators : research using interviews will have to use indicators that are largely constructed out of respondents ' answers to questionnaire items whereas observational studies , and Lazarsfeld did not preclude them from variable analysis in principle , would have to use others .
it is important to recognise that the research itself , and its setting , inflicts its own contingencies on the choice of [signs] : research using interviews will have to use [signs] that are largely constructed out of respondents ' answers to questionnaire items whereas observational studies , and lazarsfeld did not preclude them from variable analysis in principle , would have to use others .

Similarly , depending on the setting , some concepts would require different indicators entirely .
similarly , depending on the setting , some concepts would require different [signs] entirely .

It is made visible only through its indicators .
it is made visible only through its [signs] .

However , this is no reason for despair since it is by examining and measuring the relationship between indicators that researchers can begin to get a better idea of what are good and what are poor indicators .
however , this is no reason for despair since it is by examining and measuring the relationship between [signs] that researchers can begin to get a better idea of what are good and what are poor [signs] .

It is some evidence , that is , that the concept of social class points to a real phenomenon with stable properties as reflected in the empirical relationships among the various indicators .
it is some evidence , that is , that the concept of social class points to a real phenomenon with stable properties as reflected in the empirical relationships among the various [signs] .

Indicators are , on this conception , what social research works with and they indicate something , however well or badly , if they show detectable patterns of association with each other .
[signs] are , on this conception , what social research works with and they indicate something , however well or badly , if they show detectable patterns of association with each other .

As it happened , Lazarsfeld and his colleagues recognised that it was , and still is , difficult to develop indicators for many concepts used in social science .
as it happened , lazarsfeld and his colleagues recognised that it was , and still is , difficult to develop [signs] for many concepts used in social science .

However , asking people to express attitudes was a relatively straightforward way of producing a large number of indicators on almost any subject that was of interest .
however , asking people to express attitudes was a relatively straightforward way of producing a large number of [signs] on almost any subject that was of interest .

Variable analysis stipulates that the phenomena of social research be reflected in objective , observable indicators which `` stand for `` the phenomenon .
variable analysis stipulates that the phenomena of social research be reflected in objective , observable [signs] which `` stand for `` the phenomenon .

No direct inspection of phenomena is possible ; they can be investigated only through their indicators .
no direct inspection of phenomena is possible ; they can be investigated only through their [signs] .

All we have is a process of trial and error which , essentially , consists in seeing how well a particular indicator correlates with other indicators of the same concept and with other indicators of concepts presumed to be related in some causal connection .
all we have is a process of trial and error which , essentially , consists in seeing how well a particular indicator correlates with other [signs] of the same concept and with other [signs] of concepts presumed to be related in some causal connection .

This process of refinement within and across studies will , it is argued , slowly build up our confidence that the indicators which work are measuring something , some phenomenon , that our concepts point to .
this process of refinement within and across studies will , it is argued , slowly build up our confidence that the [signs] which work are measuring something , some phenomenon , that our concepts point to .

The refinement of concepts and the steady march of trial and error depends upon not only thinking up good indicators for our concepts , but also on measuring them appropriately .
the refinement of concepts and the steady march of trial and error depends upon not only thinking up good [signs] for our concepts , but also on measuring them appropriately .

So , the elaboration of a theory is through not only the kind of conceptual elaboration spoken of earlier , but also elaborating the indicators through pattern searching .
so , the elaboration of a theory is through not only the kind of conceptual elaboration spoken of earlier , but also elaborating the [signs] through pattern searching .

This logic is common to many scaling procedures currently in use , and , of course , incorporates what later became known as the logic of variable analysis in reasoning from observable indicators to some theoretically defined construct .
this logic is common to many scaling procedures currently in use , and , of course , incorporates what later became known as the logic of variable analysis in reasoning from observable [signs] to some theoretically defined construct .

The standard defence against this charge was to concede the statistical point but , none the less , argue that such measures were valuable indicators of possibly significant or interesting relationships in the data .
the standard defence against this charge was to concede the statistical point but , none the less , argue that such measures were valuable [signs] of possibly significant or interesting relationships in the data .

For one , the method is predicated on a claim that answers offered by a respondent to questions proffered by an interviewer are indicators of whatever aspects of the respondent 's social life and being that are the subject of investigation .
for one , the method is predicated on a claim that answers offered by a respondent to questions proffered by an interviewer are [signs] of whatever aspects of the respondent 's social life and being that are the subject of investigation .

Despite falling economic indicators across the board , there were grounds for " restrained optimism " , because a " wholesale slump " had been avoided and the rouble retained as " a fairly reliable means of payment " .
despite falling economic [signs] across the board , there were grounds for " restrained optimism " , because a " wholesale slump " had been avoided and the rouble retained as " a fairly reliable means of payment " .

Membership of World Bank — Economic indicators
membership of world bank — economic [signs]

Economic indicators for 1990
economic [signs] for 1990

Other indicators were equally poor .
other [signs] were equally poor .

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators Mercantile production +3.6% ( 1988 )
economic [signs] mercantile production +3.6% ( 1988 )

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Other indicators of an economic crisis included a dramatic drop in livestock numbers , a reduction by 3.9 per cent in industrial production in January-June compared with January-June 1990 , and a reduction by 63 per cent by value in foreign trade , largely because of switching to hard-currency trade with the Soviet Union .
other [signs] of an economic crisis included a dramatic drop in livestock numbers , a reduction by 3.9 per cent in industrial production in january-june compared with january-june 1990 , and a reduction by 63 per cent by value in foreign trade , largely because of switching to hard-currency trade with the soviet union .

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

The new government inherited an economic position which , as measured by macro-economic indicators , was far from encouraging .
the new government inherited an economic position which , as measured by macro-economic [signs] , was far from encouraging .

Key economic indicators which Gaidar cited in his speech illustrated the depth of the economic crisis .
key economic [signs] which gaidar cited in his speech illustrated the depth of the economic crisis .

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

Economic indicators
economic [signs]

The budget 's prediction that the current economic recession would be short-lived , and that the economy would soon show signs of growth , was widely doubted especially in the light of the latest unemployment figures and economic indicators [ see below ] .
the budget 's prediction that the current economic recession would be short-lived , and that the economy would soon show signs of growth , was widely doubted especially in the light of the latest unemployment figures and economic [signs] [ see below ] .

1985 Second package of Performance Indicators introduced .
1985 second package of performance [signs] introduced .

The second innovation was the development of performance indicators .
the second innovation was the development of performance [signs] .

5 Performance measures should be quantifiable as far as possible ( the development of performance indicators ) .
5 performance measures should be quantifiable as far as possible ( the development of performance [signs] ) .

Performance indicators are becoming more sophisticated as managers wrestle with the problems of choosing and monitoring appropriate measures of quality and effectiveness .
performance [signs] are becoming more sophisticated as managers wrestle with the problems of choosing and monitoring appropriate measures of quality and effectiveness .

This includes looking after indicators , lighting and general tidiness to ensure that lift cars and such like are left in a good condition .
this includes looking after [signs] , lighting and general tidiness to ensure that lift cars and such like are left in a good condition .

The report provides considerable evidence that the traditional performance indicators of higher education success are quite inadequate .
the report provides considerable evidence that the traditional performance [signs] of higher education success are quite inadequate .

Number and diameter as indicators of the total stone mass seem to be important determinants with regard to complete stone disappearance .
number and diameter as [signs] of the total stone mass seem to be important determinants with regard to complete stone disappearance .

Some authors have emphasised the use of mucosal enzyme activities — that is , those of disaccharidases and leucine aminopeptidase — as indicators of dietary protein quality .
some authors have emphasised the use of mucosal enzyme activities — that is , those of disaccharidases and leucine aminopeptidase — as [signs] of dietary protein quality .

Correlations with the C-reactive protein and serum alpha-1 acid glycoprotein which some authors have claimed to be the most reliable laboratory indicators of activity are further illustrated in Figures 5 and 6 .
correlations with the c-reactive protein and serum alpha-1 acid glycoprotein which some authors have claimed to be the most reliable laboratory [signs] of activity are further illustrated in figures 5 and 6 .

Analysis of manometric tracings — Manometric indicators of reflux Abrupt , sustained increases in intra-oesophageal pressure to intragastric pressure known as common cavity episodes , were used to recognise oesophageal distension by reflux without reference to the pH recording ( Fig 2 ) .
analysis of manometric tracings — manometric [signs] of reflux abrupt , sustained increases in intra-oesophageal pressure to intragastric pressure known as common cavity episodes , were used to recognise oesophageal distension by reflux without reference to the ph recording ( fig 2 ) .

Clinical symptoms and signs were poor indicators of the investigations that will detect a cause for the anaemia .
clinical symptoms and signs were poor [signs] of the investigations that will detect a cause for the anaemia .

The yield from barium enema is so low in young patients that if an upper gastrointestinal cause is found and there are no clinical indicators it would seem unnecessary .
the yield from barium enema is so low in young patients that if an upper gastrointestinal cause is found and there are no clinical [signs] it would seem unnecessary .

The sensitivities and specificities of symptoms ( and signs ) show that these are not good indicators of the likely site of a lesion causing anaemia .
the sensitivities and specificities of symptoms ( and signs ) show that these are not good [signs] of the likely site of a lesion causing anaemia .

Two large studies have shown genetic lesions , including chromosome 17p , 18q , and 1p deletion , to be prognostic indicators .
two large studies have shown genetic lesions , including chromosome 17p , 18q , and 1p deletion , to be prognostic [signs] .

In the same way , the ears , which we had been led to believe revealed the horse 's emotions , are not really good indicators of a horse 's feelings on their own .
in the same way , the ears , which we had been led to believe revealed the horse 's emotions , are not really good [signs] of a horse 's feelings on their own .

The ‘ crucifix action ’ was one of the first indicators that massive criticism of the Party no longer necessarily excluded Hitler .
the ‘ crucifix action ’ was one of the first [signs] that massive criticism of the party no longer necessarily excluded hitler .

For Bush , the economic indicators are improving , but not by much .
for bush , the economic [signs] are improving , but not by much .

One way to ward off these unwelcome little indicators of stress would seem obvious — immediately give up the exercise that brings them on , and reach for a stiff , hugely relaxing drink .
one way to ward off these unwelcome little [signs] of stress would seem obvious — immediately give up the exercise that brings them on , and reach for a stiff , hugely relaxing drink .

The institutes said they were far from certain whether the latest indicators signalled a stabilisation of the economic downturn .
the institutes said they were far from certain whether the latest [signs] signalled a stabilisation of the economic downturn .

For instance , the chapter on finance — the longest — explains in simple language how the profit and loss account is compiled , what a balance sheet shows and how to derive indicators from such figures .
for instance , the chapter on finance — the longest — explains in simple language how the profit and loss account is compiled , what a balance sheet shows and how to derive [signs] from such figures .

But be warned : trade flows are less and less useful as indicators of economic performance
but be warned : trade flows are less and less useful as [signs] of economic performance

The Economist indicators
the economist [signs]

The Commerce Department 's index of leading economic indicators fell twice as much as expected during November .
the commerce department 's index of leading economic [signs] fell twice as much as expected during november .

Other economic indicators , however , paint a gloomier picture .
other economic [signs] , however , paint a gloomier picture .

Looking at the other indicators , employment dropped 1.4 % in the nine months to April .
looking at the other [signs] , employment dropped 1.4 % in the nine months to april .

But the figures tell only the beginning of the story , for they are lagging indicators , snapshots of the recent past .
but the figures tell only the beginning of the story , for they are lagging [signs] , snapshots of the recent past .

If there is any net switching , which major party would benefit ? The indicators in the polls are as tantalising as ever .
if there is any net switching , which major party would benefit ? the [signs] in the polls are as tantalising as ever .

In addition to the group of economists who confirm the recovery , the government 's own composite of leading economic indicators showed a bullish increase on Friday .
in addition to the group of economists who confirm the recovery , the government 's own composite of leading economic [signs] showed a bullish increase on friday .

Ammonoids , heteromorphs included , are almost without parallel as stratigraphic indicators .
ammonoids , heteromorphs included , are almost without parallel as stratigraphic [signs] .

Westminster scores well on most of the indicators suggested by Merzey for determining a more supported legislature .
westminster scores well on most of the [signs] suggested by merzey for determining a more supported legislature .

This means not only looking for good practice in the present but also looking for indicators for the future .
this means not only looking for good practice in the present but also looking for [signs] for the future .

The expression of output in the form of performance indicators ( see chapter 10 ) , which were to have been quantitative wherever possible , has caused considerable problems .
the expression of output in the form of performance [signs] ( see chapter 10 ) , which were to have been quantitative wherever possible , has caused considerable problems .

Performance indicators
performance [signs]

The way in which the school is perceived by the local community may depend not only on overt performance indicators such as language and numeracy skills but also on covert performance indicators such as how the pupils behave on the bus going home or smoking outside the school premises .
the way in which the school is perceived by the local community may depend not only on overt performance [signs] such as language and numeracy skills but also on covert performance [signs] such as how the pupils behave on the bus going home or smoking outside the school premises .

Earlier in this chapter the three key elements of rational approaches were identified as : relating expenditure of funds to fulfilling organisational objectives , a zero-based approach to choice and decision making and a multi-year time horizon for budgetary decision making . Putting these central concepts together with the process indicators outlined by Bush ( 1986 ) , it is proposed to use the following factors as an indicator of the existence of a rational economic decision-making process :
earlier in this chapter the three key elements of rational approaches were identified as : relating expenditure of funds to fulfilling organisational objectives , a zero-based approach to choice and decision making and a multi-year time horizon for budgetary decision making . putting these central concepts together with the process [signs] outlined by bush ( 1986 ) , it is proposed to use the following factors as an indicator of the existence of a rational economic decision-making process :

If these then represent key factors of the rational approach , the political approach can also draw on the perception of Bush ( 1986 ) for indicators of the political model .
if these then represent key factors of the rational approach , the political approach can also draw on the perception of bush ( 1986 ) for [signs] of the political model .

The key elements of the political approach identified earlier in the chapter , those of incremental budgetary approaches , micropolitical factors and satisficing behaviour of groups , can be set in the following framework to provide factors that can be used as indicators of the existence of political decision-making processes :
the key elements of the political approach identified earlier in the chapter , those of incremental budgetary approaches , micropolitical factors and satisficing behaviour of groups , can be set in the following framework to provide factors that can be used as [signs] of the existence of political decision-making processes :

In each of the seven categories the rational and political model indicators provide a framework for analysing the budgetary approach that is being used in a particular school .
in each of the seven categories the rational and political model [signs] provide a framework for analysing the budgetary approach that is being used in a particular school .

Are working relationships defined and public ? Schools rarely have explicit aims and objectives which are translated into individual and specific job descriptions , targets and performance indicators .
are working relationships defined and public ? schools rarely have explicit aims and objectives which are translated into individual and specific job descriptions , targets and performance [signs] .

Notwithstanding the course changes and equipment improvements , the Honours Boards are indicators of consistency — that most elusive of golfing ingredients .
notwithstanding the course changes and equipment improvements , the honours boards are [signs] of consistency — that most elusive of golfing ingredients .

Choose one about 600mm ( 2ft ) long with a metal body , and both horizontal and vertical indicators ; then you can use it for getting things plumb too .
choose one about 600mm ( 2ft ) long with a metal body , and both horizontal and vertical [signs] ; then you can use it for getting things plumb too .

Equity markets recoiled from these gloomy indicators by falling sharply at the beginning of the week , pausing only for the Chancellor 's speech at the Tory Party conference , but still failing to recover lost ground by the close .
equity markets recoiled from these gloomy [signs] by falling sharply at the beginning of the week , pausing only for the chancellor 's speech at the tory party conference , but still failing to recover lost ground by the close .

We only have the subjects ' external behavioural indicators ( verbal or non-verbal ) of their experiences and we have no way of validating these indicators .
we only have the subjects ' external behavioural [signs] ( verbal or non-verbal ) of their experiences and we have no way of validating these [signs] .

In such cases , it would be appropriate to use different ‘ indicators ’ of demand for each segment .
in such cases , it would be appropriate to use different ‘ [signs] ’ of demand for each segment .

His own studies in Japanese Buddhism , his attending Oxford 's Buddhist Society , and his reviewing of Oriental books are indicators of such interests .
his own studies in japanese buddhism , his attending oxford 's buddhist society , and his reviewing of oriental books are [signs] of such interests .

Conservative electoral landslides , extension of home ownership , reductions in trade union membership and power , and the rise of white-collar employment , entrepreneurship , and self-employment all seem to be powerful indicators of this change .
conservative electoral landslides , extension of home ownership , reductions in trade union membership and power , and the rise of white-collar employment , entrepreneurship , and self-employment all seem to be powerful [signs] of this change .

The gloomy trends of macro-economic indicators of economic growth , inflation , unemployment , and public spending over the period were in line with those for earlier governments .
the gloomy trends of macro-economic [signs] of economic growth , inflation , unemployment , and public spending over the period were in line with those for earlier governments .

The medical report shown to the court from the King 's Lynn Health Authority on the girl 's mental faculties assessed her on a variety of indicators , including mental arithmetic , reading ages , concepts , and spelling .
the medical report shown to the court from the king 's lynn health authority on the girl 's mental faculties assessed her on a variety of [signs] , including mental arithmetic , reading ages , concepts , and spelling .

In a world of dubious economic statistics , changes in the official reserves must rate as one of the most unreliable indicators .
in a world of dubious economic statistics , changes in the official reserves must rate as one of the most unreliable [signs] .

We learn , therefore , two important lessons : deciding before intervention what our goals and objectives are , if possible a common decision of all the participants ( though separate , if not conflicting decisions would be legitimate ) ; and setting criteria and measurement indicators to show the relationship between participation and effectiveness .
we learn , therefore , two important lessons : deciding before intervention what our goals and objectives are , if possible a common decision of all the participants ( though separate , if not conflicting decisions would be legitimate ) ; and setting criteria and measurement [signs] to show the relationship between participation and effectiveness .

Ohaus , Cambridge , plans to introduce new ranges of analytical balances , platform scales , general purpose bench scales , industrial indicators and higher capacity industrial balances with a resolution of 1g during 1992 .
ohaus , cambridge , plans to introduce new ranges of analytical balances , platform scales , general purpose bench scales , industrial [signs] and higher capacity industrial balances with a resolution of 1g during 1992 .

The use of files imposed limitations on the types of valid and reliable data that could be obtained ; data analysed represented a compromise between these limitations and what were thought to be useful indicators of the manner or style of assessment and service delivery .
the use of files imposed limitations on the types of valid and reliable data that could be obtained ; data analysed represented a compromise between these limitations and what were thought to be useful [signs] of the manner or style of assessment and service delivery .

According to the conventional economic indicators ( and particularly the level of unemployment ) , they are still depressed in relation to the rest of Scotland and the United Kingdom .
according to the conventional economic [signs] ( and particularly the level of unemployment ) , they are still depressed in relation to the rest of scotland and the united kingdom .

These figures show that the small surpluses and deficits that appear in government budget accounts ( sec Table 8.2 ) are quite misleading indicators of the inflationary or deflationary stance of the Yugoslav public sector .
these figures show that the small surpluses and deficits that appear in government budget accounts ( sec table 8.2 ) are quite misleading [signs] of the inflationary or deflationary stance of the yugoslav public sector .

In the first section of this chapter we shall study some indicators of present inter-regional economic differences in Yugoslavia .
in the first section of this chapter we shall study some [signs] of present inter-regional economic differences in yugoslavia .

Some additional indicators of regional economic differences are given in Table 10.2 .
some additional [signs] of regional economic differences are given in table 10.2 .

It is obvious that good economic indicators no more ensure good economic management than accurate instruments on the dashboard of a car ensure safe driving .
it is obvious that good economic [signs] no more ensure good economic management than accurate instruments on the dashboard of a car ensure safe driving .

Furthermore , a variety of indicators , including capacity utilisation and vacancies , have been giving clear signs of inflationary pressure in the economy for some time .
furthermore , a variety of [signs] , including capacity utilisation and vacancies , have been giving clear signs of inflationary pressure in the economy for some time .

Sometimes the composition of the solders used to hold together the components of the objects can themselves be indicators of age .
sometimes the composition of the solders used to hold together the components of the objects can themselves be [signs] of age .

Other indicators , such as consumption anomalies and incident , of misuse , are available but tend to be unreliable .
other [signs] , such as consumption anomalies and incident , of misuse , are available but tend to be unreliable .

If they are to be used as efficiency indicators budgets should never be used as a means of containing or reducing expenditure by freezing levels or imposing artificial or arbitrary cuts .
if they are to be used as efficiency [signs] budgets should never be used as a means of containing or reducing expenditure by freezing levels or imposing artificial or arbitrary cuts .

The Faculty of Public Health Medicine has published the first report of a working party set up to investigate available indicators of the nation 's health .
the faculty of public health medicine has published the first report of a working party set up to investigate available [signs] of the nation 's health .

An offer of coffee or tea and a glass of squash for the child are added indicators to those essential elements of marketing — attention to people and thoughtfulness .
an offer of coffee or tea and a glass of squash for the child are added [signs] to those essential elements of marketing — attention to people and thoughtfulness .

Indicators of effective marketing
[signs] of effective marketing

The official statistics , therefore , can only be used as indicators , rather than accurate statements , but they do offer some guides to the occupational picture .
the official statistics , therefore , can only be used as [signs] , rather than accurate statements , but they do offer some guides to the occupational picture .

Incongruities and idiosyncrasies were seen as strengths not as weaknesses , as indicators of a capacity for quiet change rather than as evidence of a tendency towards obfuscation .
incongruities and idiosyncrasies were seen as strengths not as weaknesses , as [signs] of a capacity for quiet change rather than as evidence of a tendency towards obfuscation .

The view that only ‘ outstanding management ’ could meet the problem was held by the Audit Commission ( 1987 ) . The picture painted by the Commission 's report on inner London is as gruesome as any ever presented ( and is itself revealing of common prejudices in its choice of indicators of deprivation ) :
the view that only ‘ outstanding management ’ could meet the problem was held by the audit commission ( 1987 ) . the picture painted by the commission 's report on inner london is as gruesome as any ever presented ( and is itself revealing of common prejudices in its choice of [signs] of deprivation ) :

Many of the indicators chosen are suspect , as Macnicol has shown for earlier periods , in that they simply count contact with state agencies , and it is a commonplace observation that the poor are more likely to be in contact with social workers because they are poor ( Becker , 1988 ) ; young drug-takers in inner cities are more visible than wealthy socialites but drug-taking and drinking stretch across social groups ( O'Bryan , 1989 ; Plant , 1989 ) ; desertion of women by husbands and the choice to remain unmarried are not restricted to the poor ; and so on and so on .
many of the [signs] chosen are suspect , as macnicol has shown for earlier periods , in that they simply count contact with state agencies , and it is a commonplace observation that the poor are more likely to be in contact with social workers because they are poor ( becker , 1988 ) ; young drug-takers in inner cities are more visible than wealthy socialites but drug-taking and drinking stretch across social groups ( o'bryan , 1989 ; plant , 1989 ) ; desertion of women by husbands and the choice to remain unmarried are not restricted to the poor ; and so on and so on .

All these ‘ signs ’ of ‘ inadequacy ’ are nothing of the kind but are indicators of poverty and powerlessness .
all these ‘ signs ’ of ‘ inadequacy ’ are nothing of the kind but are [signs] of poverty and powerlessness .

During the time of the programme there were marked variations in deprivation and revitalisation indicators .
during the time of the programme there were marked variations in deprivation and revitalisation [signs] .

In considering indicators of revitalisation and gentrification , the percentage increase was above the city average in several areas ( Tables 4.2a and 4.2b ) : above average rises in professional and managerial jobs and owner occupancy in Allegheny West , California Kirkbride , Fineview , Manchester and Perry South .
in considering [signs] of revitalisation and gentrification , the percentage increase was above the city average in several areas ( tables 4.2a and 4.2b ) : above average rises in professional and managerial jobs and owner occupancy in allegheny west , california kirkbride , fineview , manchester and perry south .

The correlation between such unlikely indicators and target markets was not discovered by accident , and marketers who want to get the most out of the results of the 1991 census , which will shortly become available , should be thinking about how they will do it now .
the correlation between such unlikely [signs] and target markets was not discovered by accident , and marketers who want to get the most out of the results of the 1991 census , which will shortly become available , should be thinking about how they will do it now .

Thus , although it would in principle be possible to use the producer price indices for measuring the rate of inflation , it is more appropriate to regard them as indicators of the likely future trend of inflation .
thus , although it would in principle be possible to use the producer price indices for measuring the rate of inflation , it is more appropriate to regard them as [signs] of the likely future trend of inflation .

We are constantly reminded that we can not use the visible indicators as value assessments .
we are constantly reminded that we can not use the visible [signs] as value assessments .

These were the mere surface indicators of deeper problems , the media through which the deep , internal cultural and economic pressures at work within German society showed themselves .
these were the mere surface [signs] of deeper problems , the media through which the deep , internal cultural and economic pressures at work within german society showed themselves .

There are so many bite indicators for use when legering you would think there was something extremely complicated to the simple action of a fish pulling on the line .
there are so many bite [signs] for use when legering you would think there was something extremely complicated to the simple action of a fish pulling on the line .

If you must use a light to illuminate your indicators then make it a dull , red one .
if you must use a light to illuminate your [signs] then make it a dull , red one .

When legering from a punt you do n't want to be messing about with indicators that require two hands to set .
when legering from a punt you do n't want to be messing about with [signs] that require two hands to set .

Explicit indicators of expressed need are reservations and spoken enquiries ( sometimes referred to collectively as ‘ demand ’ ) , and also logistic studies ( see Chapter 10 ) and circulation statistics .
explicit [signs] of expressed need are reservations and spoken enquiries ( sometimes referred to collectively as ‘ demand ’ ) , and also logistic studies ( see chapter 10 ) and circulation statistics .

Published bibliographies rarely give level indicators , and publishers ' information tends , in this respect , to be unreliable .
published bibliographies rarely give level [signs] , and publishers ' information tends , in this respect , to be unreliable .

To what extent are recent developments indicators of a fundamental betrayal of a different value system ?
to what extent are recent developments [signs] of a fundamental betrayal of a different value system ?

Two more recent developments have been home blood glucose monitoring and the glycosylated haemoglobin ( HbA 1 ) or fructosamine — indicators of the integrated blood glucose level over the preceding few weeks .
two more recent developments have been home blood glucose monitoring and the glycosylated haemoglobin ( hba 1 ) or fructosamine — [signs] of the integrated blood glucose level over the preceding few weeks .

Stage 5 . Monitor Appropriate Indicators
stage 5 . monitor appropriate [signs]

To improve the presentation of results a Procedure Audit Report may be devised , listing the purpose and objectives of the procedure , the nested activities and required resources , the performance indicators and desirable target levels , and the results of the analysis .
to improve the presentation of results a procedure audit report may be devised , listing the purpose and objectives of the procedure , the nested activities and required resources , the performance [signs] and desirable target levels , and the results of the analysis .

Section head — the number of occasions that fraudulent claims are made , ie indicators of honesty or dishonesty .
section head — the number of occasions that fraudulent claims are made , ie [signs] of honesty or dishonesty .

Centralisation has been very evident in stronger arrangements to reinforce accountability of authorities , in annual reviews , of performance and the development and use of performance indicators .
centralisation has been very evident in stronger arrangements to reinforce accountability of authorities , in annual reviews , of performance and the development and use of performance [signs] .

The cursor position indicators show the numbers of the page ( Pg ) , the line ( Li ) and the column ( Co ) the cursor is in .
the cursor position [signs] show the numbers of the page ( pg ) , the line ( li ) and the column ( co ) the cursor is in .

The grouping of the predator species in terms of incisor loss is almost exactly the same as other indicators of mandibular damage , and the main difference is that the snowy owl , which produced slightly ambivalent results for mandibular breakage , has low proportions of incisor loss ( Table 3.8 ) .
the grouping of the predator species in terms of incisor loss is almost exactly the same as other [signs] of mandibular damage , and the main difference is that the snowy owl , which produced slightly ambivalent results for mandibular breakage , has low proportions of incisor loss ( table 3.8 ) .

However , it is these measurable indicators which distinguish the service from many other education business strategies .
however , it is these measurable [signs] which distinguish the service from many other education business strategies .

How can we recognize when a game is being played ? Here are some of the usual indicators . Ask yourself :
how can we recognize when a game is being played ? here are some of the usual [signs] . ask yourself :

Has the objective got an end result together with some indicators of success ?
has the objective got an end result together with some [signs] of success ?

Are the indicators of success obviously linked with the end result ? ( Sometimes people drift off and dream up indicators which do n't adequately tie in with the end result . )
are the [signs] of success obviously linked with the end result ? ( sometimes people drift off and dream up [signs] which do n't adequately tie in with the end result . )

Are the indicators of success precise enough to enable the achievement to be assessed with considerable certainty ?
are the [signs] of success precise enough to enable the achievement to be assessed with considerable certainty ?

Do the indicators of success cover
do the [signs] of success cover

Indicators of success
[signs] of success

Educational indicators across institutions take on even greater importance within this more competitive context as parents use them to choose schools .
educational [signs] across institutions take on even greater importance within this more competitive context as parents use them to choose schools .

The criteria against which to measure success are termed performance indicators .
the criteria against which to measure success are termed performance [signs] .

Performance indicators ( increasingly referred to in the current climate as ‘ success criteria ’ ) were to be decided at school level , according to what each school felt to be useful areas to monitor .
performance [signs] ( increasingly referred to in the current climate as ‘ success criteria ’ ) were to be decided at school level , according to what each school felt to be useful areas to monitor .

When we look in more detail at efficiency , effectiveness and performance indicators and the difficulties involved in using these ideas , we may agree that current proposals — while less ambitious — are more productive .
when we look in more detail at efficiency , effectiveness and performance [signs] and the difficulties involved in using these ideas , we may agree that current proposals — while less ambitious — are more productive .

Some LEAs have long collated information obtained from schools in such a way that the results might be described as performance indicators .
some leas have long collated information obtained from schools in such a way that the results might be described as performance [signs] .

It is with effectiveness that we are on much more fertile ground , for effectiveness is concerned with the relationship between output and aims and objectives . When groups of staff in a local comprehensive school ( departments , year teams and a whole-school management group ) were asked to identify their own performance indicators , two things soon became apparent :
it is with effectiveness that we are on much more fertile ground , for effectiveness is concerned with the relationship between output and aims and objectives . when groups of staff in a local comprehensive school ( departments , year teams and a whole-school management group ) were asked to identify their own performance [signs] , two things soon became apparent :

The first point was conceded by Angela Rumbold ( 1989 ) when she emphasised that performance indicators must be interpreted in context rather than looked at in isolation .
the first point was conceded by angela rumbold ( 1989 ) when she emphasised that performance [signs] must be interpreted in context rather than looked at in isolation .

Not only did it increase understanding of both quantitative and qualitative indicators , it also focused teachers ' attention on issues of quality in their work .
not only did it increase understanding of both quantitative and qualitative [signs] , it also focused teachers ' attention on issues of quality in their work .

Eventually , they decided to choose , in addition to those indicators selected by each team for its own use , one indicator for use by all departments : ‘ what percentage of students successfully complete the upper-school course in each subject ?
eventually , they decided to choose , in addition to those [signs] selected by each team for its own use , one indicator for use by all departments : ‘ what percentage of students successfully complete the upper-school course in each subject ?

In an attempt to demonstrate the benefits two heads cited improvements in public exam results as performance indicators .
in an attempt to demonstrate the benefits two heads cited improvements in public exam results as performance [signs] .

Forster 's open mouth arrested in mid-sentence as the repeater bell rang out and the indicators moved to ‘ half ahead together ’ .
forster 's open mouth arrested in mid-sentence as the repeater bell rang out and the [signs] moved to ‘ half ahead together ’ .

The Performance Indicators Project , a long-running body based in Nottingham , stress that the sample of 100 employers can only provide an approximate ranking of universities .
the performance [signs] project , a long-running body based in nottingham , stress that the sample of 100 employers can only provide an approximate ranking of universities .

He would like indicators that can help planners to avoid problems in the early stages of a project .
he would like [signs] that can help planners to avoid problems in the early stages of a project .

Thomas thoroughly reviews the cleverest current means of achieving this , especially with photoproteins , metallochromic indicators and calcium electrodes .
thomas thoroughly reviews the cleverest current means of achieving this , especially with photoproteins , metallochromic [signs] and calcium electrodes .

Obvious indicators are the books schools or parents buy for children and the priority in which they buy them , the volume of work in exercise books and the care with which it is corrected as well as the actual , as distinct from the official , allocation of teaching time .
obvious [signs] are the books schools or parents buy for children and the priority in which they buy them , the volume of work in exercise books and the care with which it is corrected as well as the actual , as distinct from the official , allocation of teaching time .

Strip cartoons of the ‘ Peanuts ’ variety employ a vocabulary of such indicators .
strip cartoons of the ‘ peanuts ’ variety employ a vocabulary of such [signs] .

The animated cartoon is rich in conventions , requiring the viewer to understand formalized facial expressions , and action indicators ( speed lines , blurs , and so on ) .
the animated cartoon is rich in conventions , requiring the viewer to understand formalized facial expressions , and action [signs] ( speed lines , blurs , and so on ) .

Staff need to be made aware of the indicators that trigger off their own prejudices — snotty noses , nose- and ear-rings , coloured hair , leather jackets , elaborate and expensive school uniforms , gum-chewing — all those things that set off an expectation of a certain kind of behaviour , regardless of the individual young person 's personality .
staff need to be made aware of the [signs] that trigger off their own prejudices — snotty noses , nose- and ear-rings , coloured hair , leather jackets , elaborate and expensive school uniforms , gum-chewing — all those things that set off an expectation of a certain kind of behaviour , regardless of the individual young person 's personality .

Subsequent curriculum development has simultaneously reflected and led the professional work of the Division : in both full- and part-time courses , emphasis has been placed upon such areas as cost-in-use and design and management studies , by way of work activities , and computer applications and energy analysis as forward indicators .
subsequent curriculum development has simultaneously reflected and led the professional work of the division : in both full- and part-time courses , emphasis has been placed upon such areas as cost-in-use and design and management studies , by way of work activities , and computer applications and energy analysis as forward [signs] .

On the other hand , more objective methods of assessing psychological disorders have also pinned the ‘ psychosomatic ’ label on problems such as irritable bowel syndrome and migraine-diseases that are claimed as prime indicators of food intolerance .
on the other hand , more objective methods of assessing psychological disorders have also pinned the ‘ psychosomatic ’ label on problems such as irritable bowel syndrome and migraine-diseases that are claimed as prime [signs] of food intolerance .

The elusive nature of the reactions seen in food intolerance makes it difficult to rule out this diagnosis without very thorough testing , and there seems to have been undue reliance on skin-prick tests in this study , despite the fact that these are unreliable indicators in most cases of food sensitivity .
the elusive nature of the reactions seen in food intolerance makes it difficult to rule out this diagnosis without very thorough testing , and there seems to have been undue reliance on skin-prick tests in this study , despite the fact that these are unreliable [signs] in most cases of food sensitivity .

Each site will operate a uniform system of data collection on climate , air pollution , soil chemistry and water quality as well as vegetation and animal indicators of change .
each site will operate a uniform system of data collection on climate , air pollution , soil chemistry and water quality as well as vegetation and animal [signs] of change .

Dr Bernard Tinker , chairman of the Environmental Change Network steering committee , commented ‘ It is only through long-term observation of sensitive indicators that we can begin to distinguish genuine trends from short-term fluctuations .
dr bernard tinker , chairman of the environmental change network steering committee , commented ‘ it is only through long-term observation of sensitive [signs] that we can begin to distinguish genuine trends from short-term fluctuations .

Quantitative research involving issues in social and/or applied psychology ; Social and developmental psychology ; Intergroup conflict ( especially in Northern Ireland ) ; Mathematical models of perceptual processes and decision-making ; Statistical software ; Physiological psychology ; Experimental analysis of behaviour ; Behaviour modification ; Behavioural pharmacology ; Mother-child interaction ; Mental handicap ; Education assessment ; Intelligence ; Personality ; Educational achievement ; Development of mathematical ability ; Developmental aspects of mental and physical handicap ; Health psychology ; Menstruation and associated behaviour ; Behaviour genetics ; Comparative psychology ; Behavioural teratology of alcohol ; Fetal alcohol syndrome ; Fetal nutrition ; Biorhythms ; Gender and identity ; Anorexia and bulimia ; Ethnic relations ; Social skills training ; Analysis of professional interaction ; Lateral asymmetry ; Environmental psychology ; Metapsychology ; Developmental psychopathology ; Unemployment and development ; Quality assurance , performance indicators and professional competence .
quantitative research involving issues in social and/or applied psychology ; social and developmental psychology ; intergroup conflict ( especially in northern ireland ) ; mathematical models of perceptual processes and decision-making ; statistical software ; physiological psychology ; experimental analysis of behaviour ; behaviour modification ; behavioural pharmacology ; mother-child interaction ; mental handicap ; education assessment ; intelligence ; personality ; educational achievement ; development of mathematical ability ; developmental aspects of mental and physical handicap ; health psychology ; menstruation and associated behaviour ; behaviour genetics ; comparative psychology ; behavioural teratology of alcohol ; fetal alcohol syndrome ; fetal nutrition ; biorhythms ; gender and identity ; anorexia and bulimia ; ethnic relations ; social skills training ; analysis of professional interaction ; lateral asymmetry ; environmental psychology ; metapsychology ; developmental psychopathology ; unemployment and development ; quality assurance , performance [signs] and professional competence .

And so 8 Group came into being , with selected Pathfinder crews carrying special coloured flares , or Target Indicators , to drop over the target area and show the following main force bomber crews where to unload their bombs .
and so 8 group came into being , with selected pathfinder crews carrying special coloured flares , or target [signs] , to drop over the target area and show the following main force bomber crews where to unload their bombs .

They were usually first on the spot on a mission , so were often able to get away before the enemy night fighters were fully aware of the situation , and also , as they carried target indicators and markers , their heavy bomb load was consequently reduced .
they were usually first on the spot on a mission , so were often able to get away before the enemy night fighters were fully aware of the situation , and also , as they carried target [signs] and markers , their heavy bomb load was consequently reduced .

They flew out fast , located the target with the aid of their radar equipment , dropped their coloured indicators to show the heavy boys where to go , and then nipped smartly back to base .
they flew out fast , located the target with the aid of their radar equipment , dropped their coloured [signs] to show the heavy boys where to go , and then nipped smartly back to base .

Victim 's interpretations and memories indicate that victim studies can not be assumed to accurately reflect the ‘ real ’ extent of crime ; and the search for more reliable and direct indicators has included the development of self-report studies .
victim 's interpretations and memories indicate that victim studies can not be assumed to accurately reflect the ‘ real ’ extent of crime ; and the search for more reliable and direct [signs] has included the development of self-report studies .

These various economic indicators ( past , present and projected into the future ) are used in country risk assessment and thereby aid banks in their loan management .
these various economic [signs] ( past , present and projected into the future ) are used in country risk assessment and thereby aid banks in their loan management .

With the aid of these economic , political and social indicators banks endeavour to assess country risk .
with the aid of these economic , political and social [signs] banks endeavour to assess country risk .

It frequently involves following signals or indicators unearthed during environmental scanning .
it frequently involves following signals or [signs] unearthed during environmental scanning .

That work be undertaken to identify indicators of information use in companies and to relate such indicators to those of business ‘ success ’ .
that work be undertaken to identify [signs] of information use in companies and to relate such [signs] to those of business ‘ success ’ .

If a primary source is being accessed then the student must look to other indicators for confirmation — such as the regnal year , the indiction and the day of the month in Roman fashion , already covered , but also the golden number , the epact , the dominical letter and the concurrents .
if a primary source is being accessed then the student must look to other [signs] for confirmation — such as the regnal year , the indiction and the day of the month in roman fashion , already covered , but also the golden number , the epact , the dominical letter and the concurrents .

Table 8.2 Costa Rica : educational indicators through the period of the economic crisis , 1975–88
table 8.2 costa rica : educational [signs] through the period of the economic crisis , 1975–88

While examination results alone do not tell us much about the nature of the educational crisis , they are useful indicators of the extent of the problem : undoubtedly school conditions and the situation of teachers have affected their outcomes .
while examination results alone do not tell us much about the nature of the educational crisis , they are useful [signs] of the extent of the problem : undoubtedly school conditions and the situation of teachers have affected their outcomes .

Since that time , the main economic indicators show an economy in decline .
since that time , the main economic [signs] show an economy in decline .

Guatemala : the lowest ‘ quality of life ’ According to a 1982 Unicef study , no other central American country is poorer than Guatemala in terms of the combined indicators of the infant mortality rate , life expectancy and literacy rates .
guatemala : the lowest ‘ quality of life ’ according to a 1982 unicef study , no other central american country is poorer than guatemala in terms of the combined [signs] of the infant mortality rate , life expectancy and literacy rates .

Some indicators , such as unemployment , may have classified these developments as being at least as deprived as the inner-urban areas , but they did not gain from the inner-city initiative .
some [signs] , such as unemployment , may have classified these developments as being at least as deprived as the inner-urban areas , but they did not gain from the inner-city initiative .

The festivals have been shown to be relatively successful by some indicators .
the festivals have been shown to be relatively successful by some [signs] .

Thirdly , the shape of the curve does not match objective indicators of economic performance : on whatever measure one chooses , the economy performed disastrously in 1981 , and picked up slightly in 1983 , but perceptions during 1982 and 1984 , perversely , move in the opposite direction .
thirdly , the shape of the curve does not match objective [signs] of economic performance : on whatever measure one chooses , the economy performed disastrously in 1981 , and picked up slightly in 1983 , but perceptions during 1982 and 1984 , perversely , move in the opposite direction .

Indicators of health need in England and Wales
[signs] of health need in england and wales

The indicators that are traditionally used are the money spent on health care or the number of health workers per head of population .
the [signs] that are traditionally used are the money spent on health care or the number of health workers per head of population .

On the other hand , one can look at indicators of the success of these resources , at output measures of the health of citizens .
on the other hand , one can look at [signs] of the success of these resources , at output measures of the health of citizens .

The authors considered several alternative indicators of health need , and opted in the end for standardized mortality rates ( SMRs ) .
the authors considered several alternative [signs] of health need , and opted in the end for standardized mortality rates ( smrs ) .

Alternative indicators of well-being have therefore been sought .
alternative [signs] of well-being have therefore been sought .

Apart from dialect or accent or social class indicators , the specialist vocabulary in certain occupations and professions is almost a ‘ language culture ’ .
apart from dialect or accent or social class [signs] , the specialist vocabulary in certain occupations and professions is almost a ‘ language culture ’ .

One of the clearest indicators of young children ’ s understanding of stories , and other prereading skills , is the extent to which they can give elaborate , detailed accounts of past events.91 Children sharpen this competency through conversing with adults , who add information , ask questions , and prompt children to increase the sophistication of their descriptions and explanations—in essence , who use an elaborative style of narrative talk .
one of the clearest [signs] of young children ’ s understanding of stories , and other prereading skills , is the extent to which they can give elaborate , detailed accounts of past events.91 children sharpen this competency through conversing with adults , who add information , ask questions , and prompt children to increase the sophistication of their descriptions and explanations—in essence , who use an elaborative style of narrative talk .

Does make-believe foster these early indicators of a self-regulated child ?
does make-believe foster these early [signs] of a self-regulated child ?

Those data provide insight into historical trends and suggest how the product ’ s sales are related to other factors like weather , holidays , special advertising campaigns , general economic indicators , or simply the passage of time .
those data provide insight into historical trends and suggest how the product ’ s sales are related to other factors like weather , holidays , special advertising campaigns , general economic [signs] , or simply the passage of time .

With simple spreading machines , the operator must look for fabric defect indicators placed in the selvage by the textile manufacturer .
with simple spreading machines , the operator must look for fabric defect [signs] placed in the selvage by the textile manufacturer .

From all the indicators available , the record is mixed at best .
from all the [signs] available , the record is mixed at best .

Key indicators for policy .
key [signs] for policy .

However , the evidence was strong for a harm reduction effect across various indicators of risk and re-injury .
however , the evidence was strong for a harm reduction effect across various [signs] of risk and re-injury .

Sillanaukee P , Aalto M , Seppa K. Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin and conventional alcohol markers as indicators for brief intervention among heavy drinkers in primary health care .
sillanaukee p , aalto m , seppa k. carbohydrate-deficient transferrin and conventional alcohol markers as [signs] for brief intervention among heavy drinkers in primary health care .

Although GAO has not had time to thoroughly analyze the strategy yet , we previously suggested that certain key elements be incorporated in the homeland security strategy.4 We have indicated that a national homeland security strategy should : 1 ) clearly define and establish the need for homeland security and its operational components , 2 ) clarify the appropriate roles and responsibilities of federal , state , and local entities and build a framework for partnerships for coordination , communication , and collaboration , and 3 ) create specific expectations for performance and accountability , including establishing goals and performance indicators .
although gao has not had time to thoroughly analyze the strategy yet , we previously suggested that certain key elements be incorporated in the homeland security strategy.4 we have indicated that a national homeland security strategy should : 1 ) clearly define and establish the need for homeland security and its operational components , 2 ) clarify the appropriate roles and responsibilities of federal , state , and local entities and build a framework for partnerships for coordination , communication , and collaboration , and 3 ) create specific expectations for performance and accountability , including establishing goals and performance [signs] .

VBA identified indicators of performance for this element including performance management and recognition , employee development and training , equal employment opportunity policy statement , physical plant enhancements , and employee satisfaction surveys .
vba identified [signs] of performance for this element including performance management and recognition , employee development and training , equal employment opportunity policy statement , physical plant enhancements , and employee satisfaction surveys .

In addition , it 's important to not just know what has happened but what is likely to happen based on key performance indicators , projection , information and sensitivity analyses .
in addition , it 's important to not just know what has happened but what is likely to happen based on key performance [signs] , projection , information and sensitivity analyses .

Related disclosures should focus more on key performance indicators along with selected projection information and sensitivity analyses .
related disclosures should focus more on key performance [signs] along with selected projection information and sensitivity analyses .

At Centrelink in Australia , information showing achievement against key performance indicators ( KPI ) for compliance activity is provided to managers monthly , within 9 days of the end of the month .
at centrelink in australia , information showing achievement against key performance [signs] ( kpi ) for compliance activity is provided to managers monthly , within 9 days of the end of the month .

In addition to monitoring day-to-day performance , it is important for an organization to track performance over time and measure it against established performance goals or indicators .
in addition to monitoring day-to-day performance , it is important for an organization to track performance over time and measure it against established performance goals or [signs] .

As discussed below , these efforts included testing controls , monitoring compliance with policies , analyzing security incidents , and accounting for procedural accomplishments and other indicators that efforts to promote awareness were effective .
as discussed below , these efforts included testing controls , monitoring compliance with policies , analyzing security incidents , and accounting for procedural accomplishments and other [signs] that efforts to promote awareness were effective .

Performance Indicators .
performance [signs] .

It also might consist of such quantitative measures as bibliometrics ( for example , publication counts , citation counts and analysis , and peer evaluation ) ; patent counts and analysis ; and science `` indicators '' that assess the ongoing vitality of the research ( for example , statistics on scientific and engineering personnel , graduate students and degree recipients by field and sector ) .39 36See Managerial Cost Accounting Concepts and Standards , SFFAS No .
it also might consist of such quantitative measures as bibliometrics ( for example , publication counts , citation counts and analysis , and peer evaluation ) ; patent counts and analysis ; and science `` [signs] '' that assess the ongoing vitality of the research ( for example , statistics on scientific and engineering personnel , graduate students and degree recipients by field and sector ) .39 36see managerial cost accounting concepts and standards , sffas no .

After deliberating the issue , the Board has concluded that additional investigation and further deliberation is required and has directed the FASAB staff to continue to research social insurance issues focusing especially on : identifying the characteristics of programs which should cause them to be subject to the guidance provided in a Statement on Social Insurance ; the appropriate display of information in the financial statements ; the identification of additional information , if any , which should be required for social insurance programs ; the means for measurement of financial data included in such additional information ; and , the desirability of nonfinancial indicators ( ratios of data to GDP or `` covered payroll '' ) to describe the status of programs or the implications of potential changes to or needs of the programs.The Board has instructed the staff to be mindful of all current developments in structuring its research and its recommendations .
after deliberating the issue , the board has concluded that additional investigation and further deliberation is required and has directed the fasab staff to continue to research social insurance issues focusing especially on : identifying the characteristics of programs which should cause them to be subject to the guidance provided in a statement on social insurance ; the appropriate display of information in the financial statements ; the identification of additional information , if any , which should be required for social insurance programs ; the means for measurement of financial data included in such additional information ; and , the desirability of nonfinancial [signs] ( ratios of data to gdp or `` covered payroll '' ) to describe the status of programs or the implications of potential changes to or needs of the programs.the board has instructed the staff to be mindful of all current developments in structuring its research and its recommendations .

That is , the first step-define mission and desired outcomes-corresponds to the requirement in GPRA for federal agencies to develop strategic plans containing mission statements and outcome-related strategic goals ; the second step-measure performance-corresponds to the GPRA requirement for federal agencies to develop annual performance plans with annual performance goals and indicators to measure performance ; and the third step-use performance 4For a more detailed description of GPRA 's requirements , see appendix I .
that is , the first step-define mission and desired outcomes-corresponds to the requirement in gpra for federal agencies to develop strategic plans containing mission statements and outcome-related strategic goals ; the second step-measure performance-corresponds to the gpra requirement for federal agencies to develop annual performance plans with annual performance goals and [signs] to measure performance ; and the third step-use performance 4for a more detailed description of gpra 's requirements , see appendix i .

For example , OMB fiscal year 1996 budget preparation guidance said agencies were to identify key features of their streamlining plans ( e.g. , increased span of control , reduced organizational layers , and/or milestones for full-time equivalents ) and encouraged agencies to include performance goals and indicators in their budget justifications.12 Whereas the agencies ' fiscal year 1995 documents discussed streamlining primarily in terms of the number of positions to be eliminated , the fiscal year 1996 budget documents included discussions about how proposed staff reductions could affect the agencies ' performance .
for example , omb fiscal year 1996 budget preparation guidance said agencies were to identify key features of their streamlining plans ( e.g. , increased span of control , reduced organizational layers , and/or milestones for full-time equivalents ) and encouraged agencies to include performance goals and [signs] in their budget justifications.12 whereas the agencies ' fiscal year 1995 documents discussed streamlining primarily in terms of the number of positions to be eliminated , the fiscal year 1996 budget documents included discussions about how proposed staff reductions could affect the agencies ' performance .

The annual performance plans are to include performance goals for an agency 's program activities as listed in the budget , a summary of the necessary resources to conduct these activities , the performance indicators that will be used to measure performance , and a discussion of how the performance information will be verified .
the annual performance plans are to include performance goals for an agency 's program activities as listed in the budget , a summary of the necessary resources to conduct these activities , the performance [signs] that will be used to measure performance , and a discussion of how the performance information will be verified .

However , OMB is requiring descriptions of the proposed performance goals and indicators for fiscal year 1999 with the agency 's fiscal year 1998 budget request .
however , omb is requiring descriptions of the proposed performance goals and [signs] for fiscal year 1999 with the agency 's fiscal year 1998 budget request .

ARL 's performance measures gauge the relevance of ARL 's current work to the agency 's long-term goals and give ARL 's leaders indicators of productivity and quality .
arl 's performance measures gauge the relevance of arl 's current work to the agency 's long-term goals and give arl 's leaders [signs] of productivity and quality .

Participants agreed that reliability is fundamental to useful business reporting ; however , participants felt that financial reporting would be much more useful if it were expanded to include key performance indicators and measures ( including disclosures on how the key measures were chosen ) .
participants agreed that reliability is fundamental to useful business reporting ; however , participants felt that financial reporting would be much more useful if it were expanded to include key performance [signs] and measures ( including disclosures on how the key measures were chosen ) .

In addition to discussions , we analyzed significant amounts of data on engineering drawings , design changes , labor efficiencies , manufacturing processes , quality indicators , testing , and schedules .
in addition to discussions , we analyzed significant amounts of data on engineering drawings , design changes , labor efficiencies , manufacturing processes , quality [signs] , testing , and schedules .

We did not verify the accuracy of the data but did correlate it to other program indicators for reasonableness .
we did not verify the accuracy of the data but did correlate it to other program [signs] for reasonableness .

Our analysis of the data was used as a basis to develop indicators of each program 's development efficiencies and detailed questions to discuss product design and manufacturing practices .
our analysis of the data was used as a basis to develop [signs] of each program 's development efficiencies and detailed questions to discuss product design and manufacturing practices .

Other indicators of our performance , such as the number of testimonies our senior executives provided and recommendations implemented , exceeded that of most recent years .
other [signs] of our performance , such as the number of testimonies our senior executives provided and recommendations implemented , exceeded that of most recent years .

As discussed below , these efforts included testing controls , monitoring compliance with policies , analyzing security incidents , and accounting for procedural accomplishments and other indicators that efforts to promote awareness were effective .
as discussed below , these efforts included testing controls , monitoring compliance with policies , analyzing security incidents , and accounting for procedural accomplishments and other [signs] that efforts to promote awareness were effective .

Examples include edit checks of data entered , accounting for transactions in numerical sequences , comparing file totals with control Page 13 GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) Physical Control Over Vulnerable Assets Establishment and Review of Performance Measures and Indicators Segregation of Duties Proper Execution of Transactions and Events accounts , and controlling access to data , files , and programs .
examples include edit checks of data entered , accounting for transactions in numerical sequences , comparing file totals with control page 13 gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) physical control over vulnerable assets establishment and review of performance measures and [signs] segregation of duties proper execution of transactions and events accounts , and controlling access to data , files , and programs .

Activities need to be established to monitor performance measures and indicators .
activities need to be established to monitor performance measures and [signs] .

Controls should also be aimed at validating the propriety and integrity of both organizational and individual performance measures and indicators .
controls should also be aimed at validating the propriety and integrity of both organizational and individual performance measures and [signs] .

Appendix II of this guide describes techniques to use in identifying software development risks of delays and cost overruns , known collectively as management metrics or indicators .
appendix ii of this guide describes techniques to use in identifying software development risks of delays and cost overruns , known collectively as management metrics or [signs] .

Other Indicators assess how effectively an agency is managing a system development contract .
other [signs] assess how effectively an agency is managing a system development contract .

These indicators measure differences between what an agency planned for its contractor to accomplish by certain points in the systems development life cycle and the actual results .
these [signs] measure differences between what an agency planned for its contractor to accomplish by certain points in the systems development life cycle and the actual results .

Auditors should use indicators appropriate to the project under review and for which data are available .
auditors should use [signs] appropriate to the project under review and for which data are available .

The progress indicator can show all elements of design , coding , testing , and integrating , or it may treat them as separate indicators .
the progress indicator can show all elements of design , coding , testing , and integrating , or it may treat them as separate [signs] .

In quantitative methods , the regularities are identified by manipulating numbers to produce indicators agreed on as sensible descriptions of the patterns .
in quantitative methods , the regularities are identified by manipulating numbers to produce [signs] agreed on as sensible descriptions of the patterns .

However , since 1991 , BEA has featured GDP as the primary measure of economic activity because GDP is consistent in coverage with indicators such as domestic investment and productivity .
however , since 1991 , bea has featured gdp as the primary measure of economic activity because gdp is consistent in coverage with [signs] such as domestic investment and productivity .

VISION FOR SUCCESS After prioritizing their primary issues , conferees then listed indicators by which success in achieving diverse communities of justice could be defined .
vision for success after prioritizing their primary issues , conferees then listed [signs] by which success in achieving diverse communities of justice could be defined .

Indicators are grouped by topic and summarized by theme .
[signs] are grouped by topic and summarized by theme .

Leadership Indicators of success -- Our senior management includes more women , gays , lesbians , people of color , older people and people with disabilities .
leadership [signs] of success -- our senior management includes more women , gays , lesbians , people of color , older people and people with disabilities .

Program Boards Indicators of success -- Boards contain representatives from a greater variety of groups .
program boards [signs] of success -- boards contain representatives from a greater variety of groups .

State Justice Communities Indicators of success -- We endorse a common vision of diversity and goal for achievement on the national , state and local levels , and diversity issues are included in every state plan .
state justice communities [signs] of success -- we endorse a common vision of diversity and goal for achievement on the national , state and local levels , and diversity issues are included in every state plan .

Programs and Staff Indicators of success -- Salaries and compensation packages are competitive with other nonprofit and public interest organizations .
programs and staff [signs] of success -- salaries and compensation packages are competitive with other nonprofit and public interest organizations .

National Funders Indicators of success -- Money is available to implement innovative diversity agendas and model projects .
national funders [signs] of success -- money is available to implement innovative diversity agendas and model projects .

AMIGA is a 200 plus sector model of the U.S. economy that captures a wide variety of technology characteristics and their resulting impact on key indicators such as emissions , employment and income.2 EPA 1 In practice , it is more likely that significant reductions that contribute to any kind of allowance bank would be difficult to achieve before 2004 .
amiga is a 200 plus sector model of the u.s. economy that captures a wide variety of technology characteristics and their resulting impact on key [signs] such as emissions , employment and income.2 epa 1 in practice , it is more likely that significant reductions that contribute to any kind of allowance bank would be difficult to achieve before 2004 .

Finally , AMIGA can provide an estimate of the consequent impact on the economy including key indicators as consumption , investment , government spending , GDP , and employment ( Hanson , 1999 ) .
finally , amiga can provide an estimate of the consequent impact on the economy including key [signs] as consumption , investment , government spending , gdp , and employment ( hanson , 1999 ) .

Benchmarked to the year 2010 , Table 2 shows the percentage change of key indicators for each scenario with respect to its respective reference case .
benchmarked to the year 2010 , table 2 shows the percentage change of key [signs] for each scenario with respect to its respective reference case .

Indicators of recovery of lakes and streams do not show consistent change in response to reduced SO2 emissions .
[signs] of recovery of lakes and streams do not show consistent change in response to reduced so2 emissions .

These include prolonging thousands of lives and reducing tens of thousands to millions of cases in other indicators of adverse health effects , such as work loss days , restricted activity days , and days with asthma attacks .
these include prolonging thousands of lives and reducing tens of thousands to millions of cases in other [signs] of adverse health effects , such as work loss days , restricted activity days , and days with asthma attacks .

The most extensive study and analyses has been based on data from two prospective cohort groups , often referred to as the Harvard `` Six-City study '' ( Dockery et al. , 1993 ) and the `` American Cancer Society or ACS study '' ( Pope et al. , 1995 ) ; these studies have found consistent relationships between fine particle indicators and mortality across multiple locations in the U.S. A third major data set comes from the California based 7th day Adventist study ( e.g .
the most extensive study and analyses has been based on data from two prospective cohort groups , often referred to as the harvard `` six-city study '' ( dockery et al. , 1993 ) and the `` american cancer society or acs study '' ( pope et al. , 1995 ) ; these studies have found consistent relationships between fine particle [signs] and mortality across multiple locations in the u.s. a third major data set comes from the california based 7th day adventist study ( e.g .

Unlike previous long-term analyses , this study found some associations between mortality and ozone but found inconsistent results for PM indicators .
unlike previous long-term analyses , this study found some associations between mortality and ozone but found inconsistent results for pm [signs] .

Some indicators of vulnerability are : the percentage of the volume that has a unit cost less than half the mean , the size of the area between actual costs and the average cost , and the average slope of the cost curve .
some [signs] of vulnerability are : the percentage of the volume that has a unit cost less than half the mean , the size of the area between actual costs and the average cost , and the average slope of the cost curve .

See Arab Human Development Report 2003 ( United Nations , 2003 ) , a report prepared by Arabs that examines not only standard statistical data but also more sensitive social indicators recently identified by the Nobel Prize-winning economist Amartya Sen .
see arab human development report 2003 ( united nations , 2003 ) , a report prepared by arabs that examines not only standard statistical data but also more sensitive social [signs] recently identified by the nobel prize-winning economist amartya sen .

Intelligence gave some ambiguous indicators of al Qaeda direction of the attack .
intelligence gave some ambiguous [signs] of al qaeda direction of the attack .

These methods have been articulated in many ways , but almost all seem to have at least four elements in common : ( 1 ) think about how surprise attacks might be launched ; ( 2 ) identify telltale indicators connected to the most dangerous possibilities ; ( 3 ) where feasible , collect intelligence on these indicators ; and ( 4 ) adopt defenses to deflect the most dangerous possibilities or at least trigger an earlier warning .
these methods have been articulated in many ways , but almost all seem to have at least four elements in common : ( 1 ) think about how surprise attacks might be launched ; ( 2 ) identify telltale [signs] connected to the most dangerous possibilities ; ( 3 ) where feasible , collect intelligence on these [signs] ; and ( 4 ) adopt defenses to deflect the most dangerous possibilities or at least trigger an earlier warning .

The CTC did not develop a set of telltale indicators for this method of attack .
the ctc did not develop a set of telltale [signs] for this method of attack .

The CTC did not propose , and the intelligence community collection management process did not set , requirements to monitor such telltale indicators .
the ctc did not propose , and the intelligence community collection management process did not set , requirements to monitor such telltale [signs] .

Every stage of our border and immigration system should have as a part of its operations the detection of terrorist indicators on travel documents .
every stage of our border and immigration system should have as a part of its operations the detection of terrorist [signs] on travel documents .

Information systems able to authenticate travel documents and detect potential terrorist indicators should be used at consulates , at primary border inspection lines , in immigration services offices , and in intelligence and enforcement units .
information systems able to authenticate travel documents and detect potential terrorist [signs] should be used at consulates , at primary border inspection lines , in immigration services offices , and in intelligence and enforcement units .

The development of terrorist indicators has hardly begun , and behavioral cues remain important .
the development of terrorist [signs] has hardly begun , and behavioral cues remain important .

A screening system looks for particular , identifiable suspects or indicators of risk .
a screening system looks for particular , identifiable suspects or [signs] of risk .

A modern border and immigration system should combine a biometric entry-exit system with accessible files on visitors and immigrants , along with intelligence on indicators of terrorist travel .
a modern border and immigration system should combine a biometric entry-exit system with accessible files on visitors and immigrants , along with intelligence on [signs] of terrorist travel .

However , the increasing availability of timely electronic surveillance data , both reportable diagnoses and pre-diagnostic syndromic indicators , raises the possibility of earlier outbreak detection and intervention if suitable analytic methods are found .
however , the increasing availability of timely electronic surveillance data , both reportable diagnoses and pre-diagnostic syndromic [signs] , raises the possibility of earlier outbreak detection and intervention if suitable analytic methods are found .

They looked at how these CVD risk indicators are predicted by three broad economic parameters : national income , average share of household expenditure spent on food , and proportion of the population living in urban areas .
they looked at how these cvd risk [signs] are predicted by three broad economic parameters : national income , average share of household expenditure spent on food , and proportion of the population living in urban areas .

Critical issues of methodology for using these indicators also need attention , including identification of appropriate measures of social position and how to meaningfully compare indicators across countries .
critical issues of methodology for using these [signs] also need attention , including identification of appropriate measures of social position and how to meaningfully compare [signs] across countries .

Consequently , the Equity Working Group recommended that health information systems should include the information necessary to create equity indicators , and that research into methodologies should be given due attention .
consequently , the equity working group recommended that health information systems should include the information necessary to create equity [signs] , and that research into methodologies should be given due attention .

On a practical level , equity strata and health indicators can be integrated into a number of existing data sources , including censuses , vital registries , household surveys , small areas data , and administrative data sources .
on a practical level , equity strata and health [signs] can be integrated into a number of existing data sources , including censuses , vital registries , household surveys , small areas data , and administrative data sources .

The Equity Working Group recommended that target dates be developed with countries to define and integrate core equity indicators into routine information sources .
the equity working group recommended that target dates be developed with countries to define and integrate core equity [signs] into routine information sources .

While all the major components of the food web are responding to these changes , Fraser said , the clearest evidence comes from studies of two especially sensitive indicators of climate change : krill and penguins .
while all the major components of the food web are responding to these changes , fraser said , the clearest evidence comes from studies of two especially sensitive [signs] of climate change : krill and penguins .

Ezzati and colleagues examined when interventions should be started by looking at the relationship between nutritional cardiovascular risk factors—overweight and obesity , and elevated blood pressure and cholesterol—and three economic indicators , using data for more than 100 countries .
ezzati and colleagues examined when interventions should be started by looking at the relationship between nutritional cardiovascular risk factors—overweight and obesity , and elevated blood pressure and cholesterol—and three economic [signs] , using data for more than 100 countries .

The authors conclude that these findings support the hypothesis that cardiovascular risk falls as inflammatory response falls , and that inflammatory markers are good indicators of this risk reduction .
the authors conclude that these findings support the hypothesis that cardiovascular risk falls as inflammatory response falls , and that inflammatory markers are good [signs] of this risk reduction .

There were no significant differences between the IUFD-affected pregnancies and the unaffected pregnancies with regards to antenatal indicators of intrauterine growth restriction and TTTS .
there were no significant differences between the iufd-affected pregnancies and the unaffected pregnancies with regards to antenatal [signs] of intrauterine growth restriction and ttts .

Our study supports the hypothesis that cardiovascular risk falls with inflammatory abatement , and that inflammatory markers are better indicators of such risk reduction .
our study supports the hypothesis that cardiovascular risk falls with inflammatory abatement , and that inflammatory markers are better [signs] of such risk reduction .

This is the case even for us humans with sophisticated measuring devices : malfunctioning air speed indicators have been responsible for several airplane crashes into water , for example Birgenair Flight 301 and AeroPeru Flight 603 in 1996 .
this is the case even for us humans with sophisticated measuring devices : malfunctioning air speed [signs] have been responsible for several airplane crashes into water , for example birgenair flight 301 and aeroperu flight 603 in 1996 .

International comparisons of industrialized nations have shown that the United States is in the bottom quartile of population health indicators such as life expectancy and infant mortality [ 7 ] .
international comparisons of industrialized nations have shown that the united states is in the bottom quartile of population health [signs] such as life expectancy and infant mortality [ 7 ] .

Other relative indicators of scientific productivity , such as the number of publications picked up by the SCI in relation to the number of scientists in a particular country , also demonstrate that such developing regions as Latin America are making substantial contributions to science , despite the fact that the average proportion of gross domestic product ( GDP ) invested in science in Latin America throughout this 10-year period was only 21 % of the amount invested in United States ( RICYT 2002 ) .
other relative [signs] of scientific productivity , such as the number of publications picked up by the sci in relation to the number of scientists in a particular country , also demonstrate that such developing regions as latin america are making substantial contributions to science , despite the fact that the average proportion of gross domestic product ( gdp ) invested in science in latin america throughout this 10-year period was only 21 % of the amount invested in united states ( ricyt 2002 ) .

Leading Indicators : French or regular ?
leading [signs] : french or regular ?

Early media indicators , e.g. , the hiring of on-screen network `` consultants '' to state the obvious , suggest that Oklahoma City will replace the O.J .
early media [signs] , e.g. , the hiring of on-screen network `` consultants '' to state the obvious , suggest that oklahoma city will replace the o.j .

There are also strong indicators that suggest new urban parks have `` legs , '' retaining more of their patrons after the novelty wears off .
there are also strong [signs] that suggest new urban parks have `` legs , '' retaining more of their patrons after the novelty wears off .

Profiling means a police officer using cumulative knowledge and training to identify certain indicators of possible criminal activity .
profiling means a police officer using cumulative knowledge and training to identify certain [signs] of possible criminal activity .

Most indicators did not change compared to last year .
most [signs] did not change compared to last year .

Only two indicators showed small improvements : percentage of accepted students in top 10 percent of their high-school classes went from 99 percent to 100 percent [ big deal !
only two [signs] showed small improvements : percentage of accepted students in top 10 percent of their high-school classes went from 99 percent to 100 percent [ big deal !

This is the dilemma facing former education secretary and drug czar William Bennett , who this morning held a press conference in Washington to unveil the second edition of his book The Index of Leading Cultural Indicators .
this is the dilemma facing former education secretary and drug czar william bennett , who this morning held a press conference in washington to unveil the second edition of his book the index of leading cultural [signs] .

At today 's press conference , Bennett cited as examples of the `` progress on key social indicators '' during the 1990s the drop in violent crime in New York City and the drastically reduced welfare rolls in Wisconsin and Michigan .
at today 's press conference , bennett cited as examples of the `` progress on key social [signs] '' during the 1990s the drop in violent crime in new york city and the drastically reduced welfare rolls in wisconsin and michigan .

There are lots of momentum traders and day traders and technical traders , but there always have been , and in any case the increased volume on the stock market and the greater number of traders has almost certainly made stock prices more efficient and more accurate indicators of underlying value than they once were .
there are lots of momentum traders and day traders and technical traders , but there always have been , and in any case the increased volume on the stock market and the greater number of traders has almost certainly made stock prices more efficient and more accurate [signs] of underlying value than they once were .

What 's interesting about this , though , is that the same picture is very rarely drawn of the bond market , even though if you talk to ( or listen to ) bond traders , what you mostly hear is a host of technical information -- stuff about the trend of bond prices over the last month or last week , about support levels that bond prices have to hold or break through , and about overbought/oversold indicators that are or are not flashing green or red .
what 's interesting about this , though , is that the same picture is very rarely drawn of the bond market , even though if you talk to ( or listen to ) bond traders , what you mostly hear is a host of technical information -- stuff about the trend of bond prices over the last month or last week , about support levels that bond prices have to hold or break through , and about overbought/oversold [signs] that are or are not flashing green or red .

Dance indicators have been falling since 1991 , when John Munger began keeping systematic track for Dance/USA .
dance [signs] have been falling since 1991 , when john munger began keeping systematic track for dance/usa .

I responded with the best indicators I know .
i responded with the best [signs] i know .

Probably not , said most analysts , while agreeing that the market was likely to keep lurching in response to changes in economic indicators .
probably not , said most analysts , while agreeing that the market was likely to keep lurching in response to changes in economic [signs] .

Probably not , said most analysts , while agreeing that the market was likely to keep lurching in response to changes in economic indicators .
probably not , said most analysts , while agreeing that the market was likely to keep lurching in response to changes in economic [signs] .

To be sure , illegitimacy is not a perfect proxy for indiscriminate promiscuity -- although other indicators ( venereal-disease incidence , divorce rates , etc . )
to be sure , illegitimacy is not a perfect proxy for indiscriminate promiscuity -- although other [signs] ( venereal-disease incidence , divorce rates , etc . )

USAT notes these indicators of U.S. military preparations : the crew of the aircraft carrier Nimitz , stationed in the Persian Gulf , is on `` high alert , '' and both Defense Secretary Cohen and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs canceled overseas trips .
usat notes these [signs] of u.s. military preparations : the crew of the aircraft carrier nimitz , stationed in the persian gulf , is on `` high alert , '' and both defense secretary cohen and the chairman of the joint chiefs canceled overseas trips .

The Washington Post and the Los Angeles Times lead with new Commerce Department indicators on the economy 's 1999 performance .
the washington post and the los angeles times lead with new commerce department [signs] on the economy 's 1999 performance .

In deciding whether to sic the department of social services on a case , we have only vague indicators to rely upon .
in deciding whether to sic the department of social services on a case , we have only vague [signs] to rely upon .

Cops are trained to pull over , interrogate , and search on the basis of `` indicators , '' such as air fresheners , fast-food trash , lack of eye contact , and insufficient or excessive luggage .
cops are trained to pull over , interrogate , and search on the basis of `` [signs] , '' such as air fresheners , fast-food trash , lack of eye contact , and insufficient or excessive luggage .

The indicators are often a proxy for the motorist 's race : One trooper admits he was trained to target blacks .
the [signs] are often a proxy for the motorist 's race : one trooper admits he was trained to target blacks .

In light of a major Arizona derailment two years ago that proved to be vandalism , the LAT reports that the FBI is investigating , but that all indicators indicate the cause was instead a patch of flooded track .
in light of a major arizona derailment two years ago that proved to be vandalism , the lat reports that the fbi is investigating , but that all [signs] indicate the cause was instead a patch of flooded track .

Transactionalism is instead a series of policy ideas that would improve America 's spiritual indicators .
transactionalism is instead a series of policy ideas that would improve america 's spiritual [signs] .

Unlike the others , the Wall Street Journal highlights the economy 's fundamentals , running a piece noting that the three economic reports released yesterday -- the index of leading economic indicators , one on construction spending , and a purchasing index -- show a slow-down , but `` nowhere near a recession . ''
unlike the others , the wall street journal highlights the economy 's fundamentals , running a piece noting that the three economic reports released yesterday -- the index of leading economic [signs] , one on construction spending , and a purchasing index -- show a slow-down , but `` nowhere near a recession . ''

Dzhugashvili selected the Russian word for steel , stal ' , as the root of his revolutionary name , the - in and -ov ( -off , -ev ) suffixes of Russian surnames being only surname indicators .
dzhugashvili selected the russian word for steel , stal ' , as the root of his revolutionary name , the - in and -ov ( -off , -ev ) suffixes of russian surnames being only surname [signs] .

