But the firm has recognized the tight dollar and the tourist's desire to visit the `` smaller , less-traveled and relatively inexpensive countries '' , and is now prepared to teach modern Greek and Portuguese through recordings .
but the firm has recognized the tight dollar and the tourist's desire to visit the `` smaller , less-traveled and relatively [cheap/affordable] countries '' , and is now prepared to teach modern greek and portuguese through recordings .

The simplest grill ( pan type ) or inexpensive hibachi can make you a chef .
the simplest grill ( pan type ) or [cheap/affordable] hibachi can make you a chef .

) We do , however , provide a limited number of extra suits , mainly for children , and we stock extra towels and a few inexpensive bathing conveniences .
) we do , however , provide a limited number of extra suits , mainly for children , and we stock extra towels and a few [cheap/affordable] bathing conveniences .

These are inexpensive and available from the U. S. Geological Society , Washington 25 , D. C. .
these are [cheap/affordable] and available from the u. s. geological society , washington 25 , d. c. .

After it has been seen , have the child start on a mat on hands and knees ( a thin , inexpensive mat is quite sufficient for anything that does not require falling ) .
after it has been seen , have the child start on a mat on hands and knees ( a thin , [cheap/affordable] mat is quite sufficient for anything that does not require falling ) .

He improvised as he went along , completing a life-size clay figure , then bought yards of an inexpensive material from a draper , wet the lightweight cloth in a basin and covered it over with clay that Argiento brought from the bank of the Tiber , to the consistency of thick mud .
he improvised as he went along , completing a life-size clay figure , then bought yards of an [cheap/affordable] material from a draper , wet the lightweight cloth in a basin and covered it over with clay that argiento brought from the bank of the tiber , to the consistency of thick mud .

Although the alarms looked inexpensive , there were concerns that providing them would saddle landlords with ongoing maintenance costs .
although the alarms looked [cheap/affordable] , there were concerns that providing them would saddle landlords with ongoing maintenance costs .

You often find that when times are hard people buy a Mills and Boon for an inexpensive treat .
you often find that when times are hard people buy a mills and boon for an [cheap/affordable] treat .

Though it is not within the province of Collecting Lustreware to treat this topic in depth , it is reassuring that this personal side of the industry is noted — ‘ British potters , often quite humble and now unremembered potters and their decorators — who were very often young boys or girls — used ( lustre ) to enhance inexpensive everyday earthenware articles .
though it is not within the province of collecting lustreware to treat this topic in depth , it is reassuring that this personal side of the industry is noted — ‘ british potters , often quite humble and now unremembered potters and their decorators — who were very often young boys or girls — used ( lustre ) to enhance [cheap/affordable] everyday earthenware articles .

Called Sa Gavina , it is inexpensive , food is excellent and service friendly .
called sa gavina , it is [cheap/affordable] , food is excellent and service friendly .

The bomb was created from a mix of inexpensive chemicals .
the bomb was created from a mix of [cheap/affordable] chemicals .

Do you think that it could ever be true that they would be sufficiently inexpensive that they could be used in most doctors ' surgeries , or is it going to be something which is only used in one or two important hospitals ?
do you think that it could ever be true that they would be sufficiently [cheap/affordable] that they could be used in most doctors ' surgeries , or is it going to be something which is only used in one or two important hospitals ?

Adding the complexity or letting the complexity be in silicone , which is very inexpensive and readily controlled and so on .
adding the complexity or letting the complexity be in silicone , which is very [cheap/affordable] and readily controlled and so on .

For example , the old type of fly paper has been replaced by aerosol fly killers , but fly paper is relatively inexpensive and is still very much in demand in developing countries .
for example , the old type of fly paper has been replaced by aerosol fly killers , but fly paper is relatively [cheap/affordable] and is still very much in demand in developing countries .

Both guitars are too inexpensive to have received much setting up , and both suffer from poor finishes , bad chrome plating , uneven frets , indifferent machineheads and ill-balanced pickups .
both guitars are too [cheap/affordable] to have received much setting up , and both suffer from poor finishes , bad chrome plating , uneven frets , indifferent machineheads and ill-balanced pickups .

Get the very best results from your hi-fi when using headphones with this inexpensive class-A amplifier
get the very best results from your hi-fi when using headphones with this [cheap/affordable] class-a amplifier

This still enables reasonably compact bar codes to be used , but keeps the reading process easy enough for inexpensive sensors to be used successfully .
this still enables reasonably compact bar codes to be used , but keeps the reading process easy enough for [cheap/affordable] sensors to be used successfully .

An original an inexpensive idea is to stencil your own tablecloth with festive motifs .
an original an [cheap/affordable] idea is to stencil your own tablecloth with festive motifs .

Stencilling is an inexpensive and effective way of adding pattern and personality to your home .
stencilling is an [cheap/affordable] and effective way of adding pattern and personality to your home .

Series regulators are simple and inexpensive design features but under high current , low voltage output conditions there is a considerable voltage drop across the control element resulting in wasteful power dissipation and a consequent loss in efficiency .
series regulators are simple and [cheap/affordable] design features but under high current , low voltage output conditions there is a considerable voltage drop across the control element resulting in wasteful power dissipation and a consequent loss in efficiency .

The old approach to the problem was to raid discarded or inexpensive pieces of surplus equipment for any components that could be removed intact .
the old approach to the problem was to raid discarded or [cheap/affordable] pieces of surplus equipment for any components that could be removed intact .

These are all reasonably inexpensive in pack form , and are used a great deal in electronic projects .
these are all reasonably [cheap/affordable] in pack form , and are used a great deal in electronic projects .

Inexpensive biscuit cutters come in a whole host of shapes , such as stars , bells or holly leaves ( see Kids Stuff , page 117 for recipe ideas ) .
[cheap/affordable] biscuit cutters come in a whole host of shapes , such as stars , bells or holly leaves ( see kids stuff , page 117 for recipe ideas ) .

An inexpensive sweet Muscat which is from the Mediterranean coast of Spain , boasting sultana and honey notes tagged on to the familiar medley of citrus fruits .
an [cheap/affordable] sweet muscat which is from the mediterranean coast of spain , boasting sultana and honey notes tagged on to the familiar medley of citrus fruits .

This factor applies less with foods rich in dietary fibre , because these foods — happily — tend to be inexpensive .
this factor applies less with foods rich in dietary fibre , because these foods — happily — tend to be [cheap/affordable] .

Just as fishkeepers tend to start their hobby with ‘ easy ’ livebearers , so the herpetologist invariably begins with an inexpensive animal that he is told will be easy to keep .
just as fishkeepers tend to start their hobby with ‘ easy ’ livebearers , so the herpetologist invariably begins with an [cheap/affordable] animal that he is told will be easy to keep .

Or take an inexpensive trip on a Mississippi-style steam boat .
or take an [cheap/affordable] trip on a mississippi-style steam boat .

These are relatively inexpensive and can help to restore order to superficial chaos .
these are relatively [cheap/affordable] and can help to restore order to superficial chaos .

But for relatively inexpensive , early drinking , Champagnes , the judicious addition of good quality Pinot Meunier to a cuvée is indispensable and provides an immediate appeal to both nose and palate .
but for relatively [cheap/affordable] , early drinking , champagnes , the judicious addition of good quality pinot meunier to a cuvée is indispensable and provides an immediate appeal to both nose and palate .

My materials are few and inexpensive .
my materials are few and [cheap/affordable] .

The question was : if a broad view is taken both in terms of the areas covered and the nature of the potential solutions , is it possible to improve the environment and safety of large areas , or even whole towns , by adopting a package of measures that are simple and inexpensive , but because they are integrated , are more effective than single measures would be on their own ?
the question was : if a broad view is taken both in terms of the areas covered and the nature of the potential solutions , is it possible to improve the environment and safety of large areas , or even whole towns , by adopting a package of measures that are simple and [cheap/affordable] , but because they are integrated , are more effective than single measures would be on their own ?

The approach there was to adopt a package of measures that were simple and inexpensive , but because they were integrated , would be more effective than single measures would be on their own .
the approach there was to adopt a package of measures that were simple and [cheap/affordable] , but because they were integrated , would be more effective than single measures would be on their own .

Fast , inexpensive and reliable , C-Stat is capable of reducing statistics to simple terms without sacrificing power or range features .
fast , [cheap/affordable] and reliable , c-stat is capable of reducing statistics to simple terms without sacrificing power or range features .

My materials are few and inexpensive .
my materials are few and [cheap/affordable] .

Simply switch to the Economy 7 tariff and update your immersion heater with an inexpensive Maxistore conversion package .
simply switch to the economy 7 tariff and update your immersion heater with an [cheap/affordable] maxistore conversion package .

In the modern urban community , as noted , there is a vast range of tedious or socially demeaning jobs that require unskilled , willing and adequately inexpensive labour .
in the modern urban community , as noted , there is a vast range of tedious or socially demeaning jobs that require unskilled , willing and adequately [cheap/affordable] labour .

‘ It had little sensible inexpensive things in it — a folding coat-hanger and something to put on one 's face … .
‘ it had little sensible [cheap/affordable] things in it — a folding coat-hanger and something to put on one 's face … .

We are , of course , at liberty to employ adjectives like ‘ legal ’ as an inexpensive way of giving our texts the look of authority .
we are , of course , at liberty to employ adjectives like ‘ legal ’ as an [cheap/affordable] way of giving our texts the look of authority .

New Millennium 's unique programme of inexpensive , good value holidays to Eastern Europe is based entirely on travel by coach .
new millennium 's unique programme of [cheap/affordable] , good value holidays to eastern europe is based entirely on travel by coach .

Heviz also has a permanent open market for inexpensive shopping .
heviz also has a permanent open market for [cheap/affordable] shopping .

This is because eating out in Hungary is a real pleasure , with an excellent and internationally recognised cuisine and , for holders of western currency , it is all remarkably inexpensive , particularly in the country areas .
this is because eating out in hungary is a real pleasure , with an excellent and internationally recognised cuisine and , for holders of western currency , it is all remarkably [cheap/affordable] , particularly in the country areas .

In the centre of Funchal are a number of relatively inexpensive , budget-priced hotels which , while of a basic and simple nature , are very clean and comfortable .
in the centre of funchal are a number of relatively [cheap/affordable] , budget-priced hotels which , while of a basic and simple nature , are very clean and comfortable .

Being inexpensive , and lightweight , easily seamed and joined by using all-weather adhesive tape , polythene sheeting is fine for group projects where quick results are sought , and longevity is unimportant .
being [cheap/affordable] , and lightweight , easily seamed and joined by using all-weather adhesive tape , polythene sheeting is fine for group projects where quick results are sought , and longevity is unimportant .

They produce most satisfactory results , are relatively inexpensive , and can be located on the basic carrier systems shown by little more than a ‘ twinstick ’ mounting pad .
they produce most satisfactory results , are relatively [cheap/affordable] , and can be located on the basic carrier systems shown by little more than a ‘ twinstick ’ mounting pad .

Basic butane picnic stoves are a perfectly safe , reliable and inexpensive choice for mild weather trips .
basic butane picnic stoves are a perfectly safe , reliable and [cheap/affordable] choice for mild weather trips .

It 's a simple and relatively inexpensive job to remove and replace any damaged accessories you find ; if you 're not sure how to do this , call in an electrician .
it 's a simple and relatively [cheap/affordable] job to remove and replace any damaged accessories you find ; if you 're not sure how to do this , call in an electrician .

An inexpensive pond heater will solve the problem — and cost little more than a lightbulb to run .
an [cheap/affordable] pond heater will solve the problem — and cost little more than a lightbulb to run .

It 's a long-lasting finish and relatively inexpensive to buy but can look rather drab .
it 's a long-lasting finish and relatively [cheap/affordable] to buy but can look rather drab .

‘ There are many quick and inexpensive colouring ideas that can really help to make you look and feel vibrant ’ says the experts at Vidal Sassoon .
‘ there are many quick and [cheap/affordable] colouring ideas that can really help to make you look and feel vibrant ’ says the experts at vidal sassoon .

Lively , graceful and an under-rated beauty , the Firetail Rasbora Rasbora borapetensis is invariably inexpensive to buy , and proves to be a hardy aquarium fish .
lively , graceful and an under-rated beauty , the firetail rasbora rasbora borapetensis is invariably [cheap/affordable] to buy , and proves to be a hardy aquarium fish .

Reasons for the successes and failures of these attempts are discussed in the light of the principle that in order for a treatment to be widely used , it must be inexpensive , freely available and acceptable to the population that it is designed to help .
reasons for the successes and failures of these attempts are discussed in the light of the principle that in order for a treatment to be widely used , it must be [cheap/affordable] , freely available and acceptable to the population that it is designed to help .

In some instances the idea may be implemented by the local people from locally found , inexpensive raw materials .
in some instances the idea may be implemented by the local people from locally found , [cheap/affordable] raw materials .

There is no need whatsoever to spend large amounts of money on flower pressing equipment , since the majority of items are either very inexpensive or are things you may already have around the house .
there is no need whatsoever to spend large amounts of money on flower pressing equipment , since the majority of items are either very [cheap/affordable] or are things you may already have around the house .

There are heavy frames , light dainty frames , expensive frames and inexpensive but still attractive ones , as well as older styles or very modern designs .
there are heavy frames , light dainty frames , expensive frames and [cheap/affordable] but still attractive ones , as well as older styles or very modern designs .

Of course , it 's still not a perfect solution , but at only 30p a bar , it 's a tasty and inexpensive snack which should provide a positive supplement to any runner 's training diet .
of course , it 's still not a perfect solution , but at only 30p a bar , it 's a tasty and [cheap/affordable] snack which should provide a positive supplement to any runner 's training diet .

Ordinary cable-connected tie-clips are quite inexpensive but they limit freedom of movement .
ordinary cable-connected tie-clips are quite [cheap/affordable] but they limit freedom of movement .

Do n't forget , too , the Grand Opera House has two score of inexpensive slip seats sold only after ten of the clock on the day and they are excellent seats too — far better than seats at twenty times their price in great opera houses around the world .
do n't forget , too , the grand opera house has two score of [cheap/affordable] slip seats sold only after ten of the clock on the day and they are excellent seats too — far better than seats at twenty times their price in great opera houses around the world .

Remove restrictions on insurers and let people buy for themselves inexpensive insurance .
remove restrictions on insurers and let people buy for themselves [cheap/affordable] insurance .

Happily , Japanese Gardens are not only beautiful , tranquil places to be , but inexpensive to set up , low on maintenance and , arguably , the most resourceful way to make use of limited space .
happily , japanese gardens are not only beautiful , tranquil places to be , but [cheap/affordable] to set up , low on maintenance and , arguably , the most resourceful way to make use of limited space .

The table suggests some seeds that you might want to buy and sow mow for a bold but inexpensive display next year .
the table suggests some seeds that you might want to buy and sow mow for a bold but [cheap/affordable] display next year .

Most modern baths are made from acrylic plastic or glass fibre reinforced plastic ( grp ) , which is relatively inexpensive , and can be moulded easily into different shapes .
most modern baths are made from acrylic plastic or glass fibre reinforced plastic ( grp ) , which is relatively [cheap/affordable] , and can be moulded easily into different shapes .

The vital date was long held to be 1825 , on a work published by Pickering ; but other claims are being advanced , and some inexpensive fun may be had by searching booksellers ' shelves in the endeavour to push the date back a little .
the vital date was long held to be 1825 , on a work published by pickering ; but other claims are being advanced , and some [cheap/affordable] fun may be had by searching booksellers ' shelves in the endeavour to push the date back a little .

Collectors of the Lyttons , father and son , have an inexpensive line of country and are to be congratulated if they can distinguish infallibly between the two without recourse to their reference books .
collectors of the lyttons , father and son , have an [cheap/affordable] line of country and are to be congratulated if they can distinguish infallibly between the two without recourse to their reference books .

There is the added attraction that , since little is known of publishing in many places , items are not always recognised as rare or significant , and are therefore comparatively inexpensive .
there is the added attraction that , since little is known of publishing in many places , items are not always recognised as rare or significant , and are therefore comparatively [cheap/affordable] .

One of the attractions of bookplate collecting is that it can be relatively inexpensive .
one of the attractions of bookplate collecting is that it can be relatively [cheap/affordable] .

Long runs can , of course , be purchased at a price in the saleroom , but odd volumes picked up here and there should be inexpensive .
long runs can , of course , be purchased at a price in the saleroom , but odd volumes picked up here and there should be [cheap/affordable] .

They may seem inexpensive , but a will is a legal document and should be drawn up carefully and signed and witnessed in a particular way .
they may seem [cheap/affordable] , but a will is a legal document and should be drawn up carefully and signed and witnessed in a particular way .

Even fairly inexpensive keyboards make pleasing sounds .
even fairly [cheap/affordable] keyboards make pleasing sounds .

They had managed to buy the son of inexpensive terrace house which had been built at the end of the nineteenth century for workers and which still continued to be in a working-class area .
they had managed to buy the son of [cheap/affordable] terrace house which had been built at the end of the nineteenth century for workers and which still continued to be in a working-class area .

Many herbs grow easily from seed , fortunately still reasonably inexpensive , and you can save seed and take your own cuttings from year to year .
many herbs grow easily from seed , fortunately still reasonably [cheap/affordable] , and you can save seed and take your own cuttings from year to year .

Brunel makes an inexpensive range suitable for the pondkeeper .
brunel makes an [cheap/affordable] range suitable for the pondkeeper .

The tasting proved that buying really inexpensive champagne is a bad idea .
the tasting proved that buying really [cheap/affordable] champagne is a bad idea .

In addition , the industry 's preference for an inexpensive way to meet tougher environmental regulations leads to different research goals from those of the administration .
in addition , the industry 's preference for an [cheap/affordable] way to meet tougher environmental regulations leads to different research goals from those of the administration .

Ali sits , places the briefcase on his lap and produces an inexpensive pen from the pocket of his jacket .
ali sits , places the briefcase on his lap and produces an [cheap/affordable] pen from the pocket of his jacket .

The described series of devices , which can be manufactured from inexpensive materials , most of which are probably already present in the laboratory , yields better shielding than traditional plexiglass screens .
the described series of devices , which can be manufactured from [cheap/affordable] materials , most of which are probably already present in the laboratory , yields better shielding than traditional plexiglass screens .

As ever , Dell 's documentation is excellent and an object lesson to other manufacturers selling inexpensive kit .
as ever , dell 's documentation is excellent and an object lesson to other manufacturers selling [cheap/affordable] kit .

We found a simple and inexpensive method of improving the recovery of the nucleic acid after phenol-chloroform extraction .
we found a simple and [cheap/affordable] method of improving the recovery of the nucleic acid after phenol-chloroform extraction .

Though pulp mould , made of used paper packages , is inexpensive as a raw material , its processing cost , including labour , is more expensive than that of Styrofoam .
though pulp mould , made of used paper packages , is [cheap/affordable] as a raw material , its processing cost , including labour , is more expensive than that of styrofoam .

The relatively inexpensive initial methods of screening available ( that is , digital rectal examination and measurement of the prostate specific antigen concentration ) and the advances in transrectal imaging with ultrasound and magnetic resonance imaging all serve to provide a sound backdrop for a screening programme .
the relatively [cheap/affordable] initial methods of screening available ( that is , digital rectal examination and measurement of the prostate specific antigen concentration ) and the advances in transrectal imaging with ultrasound and magnetic resonance imaging all serve to provide a sound backdrop for a screening programme .

The Donovan Commission had approved tribunals as ‘ an easily accessible , speedy , informal and inexpensive procedure ’ for the settlement of disputes between employers and employees .
the donovan commission had approved tribunals as ‘ an easily accessible , speedy , informal and [cheap/affordable] procedure ’ for the settlement of disputes between employers and employees .

Preston gave him directions to a small and inexpensive restaurant not far from the studios and put the phone down thoughtfully .
preston gave him directions to a small and [cheap/affordable] restaurant not far from the studios and put the phone down thoughtfully .

It is questionable whether river moorings provide inexpensive berths for ‘ largely local ’ people .
it is questionable whether river moorings provide [cheap/affordable] berths for ‘ largely local ’ people .

The inexpensive answer to the problem of cold feet is the purchase of a pair of fleecy boot liners made by Cazmatann .
the [cheap/affordable] answer to the problem of cold feet is the purchase of a pair of fleecy boot liners made by cazmatann .

Cotton is strong , hard-wearing , easy to handle and relatively inexpensive .
cotton is strong , hard-wearing , easy to handle and relatively [cheap/affordable] .

They are easy and inexpensive to make as they require only enough outer fabric to cover the actual window opening , or your desired size , plus a little extra lining when making up as Method 1 .
they are easy and [cheap/affordable] to make as they require only enough outer fabric to cover the actual window opening , or your desired size , plus a little extra lining when making up as method 1 .

Although some of these technological fixes indicate a degree of desperation and hopelessness associated with the smog problem , the magnitude of the problem still existing in the Los Angeles basin in the 1980s prompted Heicklin ( 1981 ) to suggest the technological fix of introducing diethylhydroxylamine as a ‘ relatively inexpensive and safe ’ chemical inhibitor of smog .
although some of these technological fixes indicate a degree of desperation and hopelessness associated with the smog problem , the magnitude of the problem still existing in the los angeles basin in the 1980s prompted heicklin ( 1981 ) to suggest the technological fix of introducing diethylhydroxylamine as a ‘ relatively [cheap/affordable] and safe ’ chemical inhibitor of smog .

Inexpensive wire frames and pull-out baskets do away with conventional chests of drawers ; all available in cool white or chic black .
[cheap/affordable] wire frames and pull-out baskets do away with conventional chests of drawers ; all available in cool white or chic black .

Life there is so inexpensive that it just takes longer to get it all done .
life there is so [cheap/affordable] that it just takes longer to get it all done .

The British tourist knows Greece as a sunny country with unshaven but friendly natives , an informal and inexpensive life style , quaintly erratic plumbing and some magnificent classical sites .
the british tourist knows greece as a sunny country with unshaven but friendly natives , an informal and [cheap/affordable] life style , quaintly erratic plumbing and some magnificent classical sites .

If you have a bank account Direct Debit is a simple , inexpensive an convenient method of making payments .
if you have a bank account direct debit is a simple , [cheap/affordable] an convenient method of making payments .

Somewhere you can rent a villa in a resort , then say goodbye to tourists and go exploring ( forget all small Mediterranean islands ) , staying at interesting , but inexpensive , old hotels ( delete Italy ) .
somewhere you can rent a villa in a resort , then say goodbye to tourists and go exploring ( forget all small mediterranean islands ) , staying at interesting , but [cheap/affordable] , old hotels ( delete italy ) .

It 's an effective , simple and inexpensive way of enhancing natural hair colour ( lasts for 6–8 washes ) .
it 's an effective , simple and [cheap/affordable] way of enhancing natural hair colour ( lasts for 6–8 washes ) .

Additionally , as the border can edge a plain and inexpensive material , it can be an economical way of achieving a rich and interesting look .
additionally , as the border can edge a plain and [cheap/affordable] material , it can be an economical way of achieving a rich and interesting look .

On another low table by the wall there was an inexpensive stereo unit and some uneven stacks of records ; he could n't make out the details on the posters on the wall above the unit , but they might have been Escher prints .
on another low table by the wall there was an [cheap/affordable] stereo unit and some uneven stacks of records ; he could n't make out the details on the posters on the wall above the unit , but they might have been escher prints .

Can serve as an inexpensive proof .
can serve as an [cheap/affordable] proof .

For example , the management of a retail chain specialising in inexpensive furniture might well decide that the goal of quality is not its first priority .
for example , the management of a retail chain specialising in [cheap/affordable] furniture might well decide that the goal of quality is not its first priority .

This process of compounding , which he patented in 1845 , came to be known as ‘ McNaughting ’ , and as it was relatively inexpensive ( even though new boilers were required to supply steam at the higher pressure ) it was very popular in the second half of the nineteenth century .
this process of compounding , which he patented in 1845 , came to be known as ‘ mcnaughting ’ , and as it was relatively [cheap/affordable] ( even though new boilers were required to supply steam at the higher pressure ) it was very popular in the second half of the nineteenth century .

The cyanotype was inexpensive and relatively easy to work ; its only disadvantage , a blue image tone , was hardly a drawback for her chosen subjects .
the cyanotype was [cheap/affordable] and relatively easy to work ; its only disadvantage , a blue image tone , was hardly a drawback for her chosen subjects .

It was then a small society , unendowed but relatively inexpensive for undergraduates ; its principal had virtually complete control over it , choosing both undergraduates and tutors .
it was then a small society , unendowed but relatively [cheap/affordable] for undergraduates ; its principal had virtually complete control over it , choosing both undergraduates and tutors .

All the time he was in business he was improving the design of his optical instruments , and he was one of the first to make inexpensive achromatic microscopes .
all the time he was in business he was improving the design of his optical instruments , and he was one of the first to make [cheap/affordable] achromatic microscopes .

This type of notice filing is intended to be simple , inexpensive and expeditious and to put persons on notice that a charge has been registered so that they can take whatever steps they consider appropriate to protect their interests .
this type of notice filing is intended to be simple , [cheap/affordable] and expeditious and to put persons on notice that a charge has been registered so that they can take whatever steps they consider appropriate to protect their interests .

While being inexpensive and readily transportable , they do have the disadvantage of flexibility which can cause problems during installation .
while being [cheap/affordable] and readily transportable , they do have the disadvantage of flexibility which can cause problems during installation .

These are relatively inexpensive , but are not suited to most aquatic plants nor to accommodating ornamental fish .
these are relatively [cheap/affordable] , but are not suited to most aquatic plants nor to accommodating ornamental fish .

The small claims procedure is designed to ensure a relatively informal , inexpensive and speedy form of resolving civil disputes .
the small claims procedure is designed to ensure a relatively informal , [cheap/affordable] and speedy form of resolving civil disputes .

Consequently , it must be questioned , with Sir Jack Jacob , whether the present small claims procedure provides ‘ a procedure which is simple , inexpensive and fair .
consequently , it must be questioned , with sir jack jacob , whether the present small claims procedure provides ‘ a procedure which is simple , [cheap/affordable] and fair .

Distributor of Tate Gallery range of cards , postcards , diaries and calendars together with Escher Cards and other inexpensive , quality fine art cards and posters
distributor of tate gallery range of cards , postcards , diaries and calendars together with escher cards and other [cheap/affordable] , quality fine art cards and posters

Merely to deflate Darby 's confidence again Wickham commented that anyone could buy a tired secondhand machine and stand a good chance of buying inexpensive packs of paper offcuts .
merely to deflate darby 's confidence again wickham commented that anyone could buy a tired secondhand machine and stand a good chance of buying [cheap/affordable] packs of paper offcuts .

‘ It is an inexpensive way of providing managers with the training they need ’ .
‘ it is an [cheap/affordable] way of providing managers with the training they need ’ .

Aluminium is initially a high cost metal , but is inexpensive to recycle as the process uses 95 per cent less energy than creating the metal from ore .
aluminium is initially a high cost metal , but is [cheap/affordable] to recycle as the process uses 95 per cent less energy than creating the metal from ore .

‘ She says she will be quite comfortable there , and of course it is very inexpensive .
‘ she says she will be quite comfortable there , and of course it is very [cheap/affordable] .

But the most she got was a hasty and inexpensive meal after the evening performance on the nights he wanted her to go to bed with him .
but the most she got was a hasty and [cheap/affordable] meal after the evening performance on the nights he wanted her to go to bed with him .

2 In an effort to achieve this , she began a series of charcoal drawings on inexpensive white paper , which make it clear that what she was feeling could not be expressed with traditional , representational imagery .
2 in an effort to achieve this , she began a series of charcoal drawings on [cheap/affordable] white paper , which make it clear that what she was feeling could not be expressed with traditional , representational imagery .

And in the Glasgow of 1894 , Jessie Newbery begins teaching embroidery as an expressive art form in its own right , using plain and inexpensive materials — the first introduction of embroidery within an Art School .
and in the glasgow of 1894 , jessie newbery begins teaching embroidery as an expressive art form in its own right , using plain and [cheap/affordable] materials — the first introduction of embroidery within an art school .

The carousel could , if desired , be placed on an inexpensive cake turntable to achieve a lovely ‘ spinning ’ effect .
the carousel could , if desired , be placed on an [cheap/affordable] cake turntable to achieve a lovely ‘ spinning ’ effect .

It is inexpensive , for example , to make a search for county court judgments .
it is [cheap/affordable] , for example , to make a search for county court judgments .

It does so using comparatively inexpensive materials , and brings the prospect of obtaining cheap electricity from sunlight a step nearer .
it does so using comparatively [cheap/affordable] materials , and brings the prospect of obtaining cheap electricity from sunlight a step nearer .

According to the government , many households could cut their fuel bills by 20 per cent or more by adopting a few `` straightforward and inexpensive `` measures .
according to the government , many households could cut their fuel bills by 20 per cent or more by adopting a few `` straightforward and [cheap/affordable] `` measures .

The main emphasis of the plan is to look for small and inexpensive solutions , and it places the onus on governments in the East to take steps that make economic sense .
the main emphasis of the plan is to look for small and [cheap/affordable] solutions , and it places the onus on governments in the east to take steps that make economic sense .

You 'll find inexpensive souvenirs rubbing shoulders with holograms and plasma spheres , a wide choice of books and a selection of specially designed scientific goodies .
you 'll find [cheap/affordable] souvenirs rubbing shoulders with holograms and plasma spheres , a wide choice of books and a selection of specially designed scientific goodies .

Since opening in September 1989 the committee have accompanied each exhibition with a concert or reading and an inexpensive multiple .
since opening in september 1989 the committee have accompanied each exhibition with a concert or reading and an [cheap/affordable] multiple .

However , if a particular journalist writes about another part of your range of products it might be tactically useful to send samples of an inexpensive new product , even though it is not in his area , simply to remind him of your existence and to jog his memory about the rest of the range .
however , if a particular journalist writes about another part of your range of products it might be tactically useful to send samples of an [cheap/affordable] new product , even though it is not in his area , simply to remind him of your existence and to jog his memory about the rest of the range .

1 Decide whether samples are really necessary and make a list of possible recipients , indicating prime targets for expensive items and tactical targets for inexpensive products .
1 decide whether samples are really necessary and make a list of possible recipients , indicating prime targets for expensive items and tactical targets for [cheap/affordable] products .

The product itself , for example , though useful may be so commonplace or so inexpensive that it has little intrinsic interest outside its own application .
the product itself , for example , though useful may be so commonplace or so [cheap/affordable] that it has little intrinsic interest outside its own application .

However , they have become increasingly collectable in recent years and are no longer as inexpensive as they were ( See pl.23 ) .
however , they have become increasingly collectable in recent years and are no longer as [cheap/affordable] as they were ( see pl.23 ) .

Relatively inexpensive items could be included in a general household policy , but obtain separate cover for more valuable rugs .
relatively [cheap/affordable] items could be included in a general household policy , but obtain separate cover for more valuable rugs .

Anatolian rugs are relatively inexpensive and represent very good value for money .
anatolian rugs are relatively [cheap/affordable] and represent very good value for money .

This lack of individual and cultural expression may detract from their future collectability , but as furnishing items they can be extremely attractive , well made and comparatively inexpensive .
this lack of individual and cultural expression may detract from their future collectability , but as furnishing items they can be extremely attractive , well made and comparatively [cheap/affordable] .

They all produce a growing number of reasonably high calibre , attractive and inexpensive rugs .
they all produce a growing number of reasonably high calibre , attractive and [cheap/affordable] rugs .

However , it is reasonable to assume that they will , initially at least , be relatively inexpensive , and , due to the increasing scarcity of genuine nomadic and tribal weaving , may well become more collectable in the future .
however , it is reasonable to assume that they will , initially at least , be relatively [cheap/affordable] , and , due to the increasing scarcity of genuine nomadic and tribal weaving , may well become more collectable in the future .

The prolific Honorary Archivist of the Lifeboat Enthusiasts Society has added two further titles to his ‘ Story of ’ series of inexpensive booklets which examine in detail particular lifeboat stations or groups of stations .
the prolific honorary archivist of the lifeboat enthusiasts society has added two further titles to his ‘ story of ’ series of [cheap/affordable] booklets which examine in detail particular lifeboat stations or groups of stations .

My pick of the reds from Waitrose£s large choice of inexpensive wines is Tinto da Anfora 1987 , a fleshy , ripe Portuguese original from the Joao Pires winery at Azeito near Lisbon .
my pick of the reds from waitrose£s large choice of [cheap/affordable] wines is tinto da anfora 1987 , a fleshy , ripe portuguese original from the joao pires winery at azeito near lisbon .

This scheme provides for a simple and inexpensive method of Arbitration on documents alone under which the customer 's liability in respect of costs is limited .
this scheme provides for a simple and [cheap/affordable] method of arbitration on documents alone under which the customer 's liability in respect of costs is limited .

Your hotel offers a relatively inexpensive fixed price menu if you wish to take advantage of this .
your hotel offers a relatively [cheap/affordable] fixed price menu if you wish to take advantage of this .

But , unlike houses which change as fashions do , swinging expensively from florals to stripes , the transformation will continue to be gradual — you could call it organic — and inexpensive , ‘ all done on air ’ , as Elizabeth Jane puts it .
but , unlike houses which change as fashions do , swinging expensively from florals to stripes , the transformation will continue to be gradual — you could call it organic — and [cheap/affordable] , ‘ all done on air ’ , as elizabeth jane puts it .

Liven up your cooking with the tang of fresh lemons — versatile and inexpensive at this time of year , they 'll add a zingy touch of magic to all sorts of dishes
liven up your cooking with the tang of fresh lemons — versatile and [cheap/affordable] at this time of year , they 'll add a zingy touch of magic to all sorts of dishes

Without just , speedy and inexpensive discovery , the courthouse is effectively barred to those who so desperately need it — United States citizens injured by defective foreign products .
without just , speedy and [cheap/affordable] discovery , the courthouse is effectively barred to those who so desperately need it — united states citizens injured by defective foreign products .

Inexpensive wine list .
[cheap/affordable] wine list .

Wines and liqueurs are inexpensive .
wines and liqueurs are [cheap/affordable] .

The fertile volcanic soil of the lower slopes of Mount Etna produce delicious inexpensive red and white wines which can accompany any type of meal and to finish , try a glass of sweet dessert wine Marsala or Mavasia from the island of Lipari .
the fertile volcanic soil of the lower slopes of mount etna produce delicious [cheap/affordable] red and white wines which can accompany any type of meal and to finish , try a glass of sweet dessert wine marsala or mavasia from the island of lipari .

It is a thriving fishing port , well-equipped with inexpensive pizzerias , ice-cream parlours and playgrounds , and has a very popular weekly market .
it is a thriving fishing port , well-equipped with [cheap/affordable] pizzerias , ice-cream parlours and playgrounds , and has a very popular weekly market .

Buses in the city are frequent and inexpensive .
buses in the city are frequent and [cheap/affordable] .

It is an inexpensive , simple procedure which could be performed as part of the diagnostic histopathological process and could direct or reduce the need for subsequent imaging procedures .
it is an [cheap/affordable] , simple procedure which could be performed as part of the diagnostic histopathological process and could direct or reduce the need for subsequent imaging procedures .

The Apache lacked the grace of Cessna 's more powerful model 310 but its design aims were that it must be undemanding to fly , cheap to buy and inexpensive to operate .
the apache lacked the grace of cessna 's more powerful model 310 but its design aims were that it must be undemanding to fly , cheap to buy and [cheap/affordable] to operate .

Later to be known as Queen 's Ware by royal assent of Queen Charlotte in 1765 , this new , inexpensive and beautiful tableware put fine earthenware within reach of all , and his success was immediate and world-wide .
later to be known as queen 's ware by royal assent of queen charlotte in 1765 , this new , [cheap/affordable] and beautiful tableware put fine earthenware within reach of all , and his success was immediate and world-wide .

The strength of Wedgwood 's marketing operations today is very much centred upon the breadth of its wares — in style , type and price range — varying from the luxurious in fine bone china tableware to the inexpensive in earthenware and oven-to-tableware .
the strength of wedgwood 's marketing operations today is very much centred upon the breadth of its wares — in style , type and price range — varying from the luxurious in fine bone china tableware to the [cheap/affordable] in earthenware and oven-to-tableware .

This new , inexpensive and beautiful tableware was , without question , Josiah Wedgwood 's greatest achievement and contribution to the British pottery industry .
this new , [cheap/affordable] and beautiful tableware was , without question , josiah wedgwood 's greatest achievement and contribution to the british pottery industry .

Plus Points : Fun to use , inexpensive .
plus points : fun to use , [cheap/affordable] .

Plus Points : Fun to use , inexpensive .
plus points : fun to use , [cheap/affordable] .

As their heads disappeared under a pile of plaster of paris and alginate we were shown what a relatively simple and inexpensive process this was .
as their heads disappeared under a pile of plaster of paris and alginate we were shown what a relatively simple and [cheap/affordable] process this was .

Capital invests where prospects for accumulation seem relatively promising ( where , for example , labour is relatively inexpensive ) and disinvests from areas and regions where prospects for profitability are less promising .
capital invests where prospects for accumulation seem relatively promising ( where , for example , labour is relatively [cheap/affordable] ) and disinvests from areas and regions where prospects for profitability are less promising .

Any wallcovering design that produces a sense of perspective like some geometrics , trellis patterns or inexpensive garden trellis itself fixed on top of walls , will seem to give extra depth .
any wallcovering design that produces a sense of perspective like some geometrics , trellis patterns or [cheap/affordable] garden trellis itself fixed on top of walls , will seem to give extra depth .

Create interesting striped effects with paint and invent your own striped patterns as an inexpensive alternative to striped wallpaper .
create interesting striped effects with paint and invent your own striped patterns as an [cheap/affordable] alternative to striped wallpaper .

The choice of wallpapers is enormous , with prices to match at every stage up and down the scale , but you do n't have to pay the earth to achieve a very luxurious look . Fairly inexpensive papers can be made to seem — and last — like very expensive versions if you know some of the tricks :
the choice of wallpapers is enormous , with prices to match at every stage up and down the scale , but you do n't have to pay the earth to achieve a very luxurious look . fairly [cheap/affordable] papers can be made to seem — and last — like very expensive versions if you know some of the tricks :

Paint over inexpensive non-vinyl paper when it is hung , with a coat or two of either matt or eggshell polyurethane .
paint over [cheap/affordable] non-vinyl paper when it is hung , with a coat or two of either matt or eggshell polyurethane .

Inexpensive cottons can be hung from rods or poles and left to hang free at the bottom , although they should be caught back over doors and windows with tie-backs .
[cheap/affordable] cottons can be hung from rods or poles and left to hang free at the bottom , although they should be caught back over doors and windows with tie-backs .

Lightweight inexpensive fabrics like cheesecloth and muslin can be shirred and hung between rods , wires or traverse poles attached below the ceiling and above the skirting or baseboards , and either caught back at doors and windows or fixed around them ( with rods or wires attached to the top of the frames ) .
lightweight [cheap/affordable] fabrics like cheesecloth and muslin can be shirred and hung between rods , wires or traverse poles attached below the ceiling and above the skirting or baseboards , and either caught back at doors and windows or fixed around them ( with rods or wires attached to the top of the frames ) .

As mentioned , it is a pleasant and inexpensive evening out .
as mentioned , it is a pleasant and [cheap/affordable] evening out .

Modern pre-formed pipe lagging in a range of sizes is generally more efficient and easier to apply than previous types and is relatively inexpensive .
modern pre-formed pipe lagging in a range of sizes is generally more efficient and easier to apply than previous types and is relatively [cheap/affordable] .

In order to tighten the immersion heater a special spanner is required . These can be hired but are inexpensive to buy
in order to tighten the immersion heater a special spanner is required . these can be hired but are [cheap/affordable] to buy

Inexpensive size analysis of naturally occurring fine sediments or of material obtained from wet sieving of a sediment containing significant fines is most satisfactorily achieved by the use of the pipette method ( Krumbein & pettijohn , 1961 ; Galehouse , 1971b ; Folk , 1974b ) .
[cheap/affordable] size analysis of naturally occurring fine sediments or of material obtained from wet sieving of a sediment containing significant fines is most satisfactorily achieved by the use of the pipette method ( krumbein & pettijohn , 1961 ; galehouse , 1971b ; folk , 1974b ) .

An extended speed limit would go a long way towards making this road safer for all users and would be relatively inexpensive .
an extended speed limit would go a long way towards making this road safer for all users and would be relatively [cheap/affordable] .

‘ Daffodil , tulip , snowdrop and crocus bulbs are inexpensive and , planted in the autumn , give a mass of spring colour .
‘ daffodil , tulip , snowdrop and crocus bulbs are [cheap/affordable] and , planted in the autumn , give a mass of spring colour .

The approach must be relatively inexpensive .
the approach must be relatively [cheap/affordable] .

No commercial equipment is inexpensive .
no commercial equipment is [cheap/affordable] .

Charity schools were inexpensive and could be readily supplied in the boom years , while even such an early champion of the bourgeoisie as Defoe could approve their attack on sloth and indiscipline as going to the heart of the problem of the labouring poor .
charity schools were [cheap/affordable] and could be readily supplied in the boom years , while even such an early champion of the bourgeoisie as defoe could approve their attack on sloth and indiscipline as going to the heart of the problem of the labouring poor .

Relatively inexpensive , easy to operate , and needs little servicing ( but keep spare lamp handy ) .
relatively [cheap/affordable] , easy to operate , and needs little servicing ( but keep spare lamp handy ) .

The radio is widely available — there are few households that do n't have one ; it is inexpensive , compared with other mechanical or electronic equipment , and it is an endless source of material on every possible topic .
the radio is widely available — there are few households that do n't have one ; it is [cheap/affordable] , compared with other mechanical or electronic equipment , and it is an endless source of material on every possible topic .

Other good inexpensive water toys include a funnel , an egg whisk , a plastic colander or a sieve .
other good [cheap/affordable] water toys include a funnel , an egg whisk , a plastic colander or a sieve .

The sweat spot test is an easy , inexpensive method to test this hypothesis and should have a place in the clinical assessment of slow transit constipated patients .
the sweat spot test is an easy , [cheap/affordable] method to test this hypothesis and should have a place in the clinical assessment of slow transit constipated patients .

Such buildings tended to be comparatively inexpensive .
such buildings tended to be comparatively [cheap/affordable] .

If you 're faced with a slippery floor problem , it is inexpensive these days to get exhibition contractors to supply some cheap carpeting and you may want to investigate this option .
if you 're faced with a slippery floor problem , it is [cheap/affordable] these days to get exhibition contractors to supply some cheap carpeting and you may want to investigate this option .

Manley was aware that the high cost of modern anaesthetic apparatus was often prohibitive for hospitals in developing countries , and at the time of his death he was working on a prototype of an inexpensive , but effective ventilator for the Third World .
manley was aware that the high cost of modern anaesthetic apparatus was often prohibitive for hospitals in developing countries , and at the time of his death he was working on a prototype of an [cheap/affordable] , but effective ventilator for the third world .

Under the Rouxs , it was called Le Gamin and became known for inexpensive but elegant food in cramped surroundings .
under the rouxs , it was called le gamin and became known for [cheap/affordable] but elegant food in cramped surroundings .

Old longline and squid jigging vessels are re-equipped with inexpensive nets instead of being retired , and are sent out to return a few more seasons ' profits .
old longline and squid jigging vessels are re-equipped with [cheap/affordable] nets instead of being retired , and are sent out to return a few more seasons ' profits .

Corn , sunflower and grapeseed oils are all for general cooking and are relatively inexpensive .
corn , sunflower and grapeseed oils are all for general cooking and are relatively [cheap/affordable] .

West Germany needs about 4,000 electronic data processing specialists , and can fill this gap by using India 's skilled and relatively inexpensive manpower .
west germany needs about 4,000 electronic data processing specialists , and can fill this gap by using india 's skilled and relatively [cheap/affordable] manpower .

And the local restaurants offer a range of inexpensive local delicacies or international dishes to be sampled .
and the local restaurants offer a range of [cheap/affordable] local delicacies or international dishes to be sampled .

The Arbitration Scheme provides for arbitration of documents , a simple and inexpensive method with restricted client liability on costs .
the arbitration scheme provides for arbitration of documents , a simple and [cheap/affordable] method with restricted client liability on costs .

The village has good and inexpensive road and rail connections , making it easy to explore the surrounding region .
the village has good and [cheap/affordable] road and rail connections , making it easy to explore the surrounding region .

Excursions : There are lots of places to see from Grindelwald , and public transport is inexpensive and reliable .
excursions : there are lots of places to see from grindelwald , and public transport is [cheap/affordable] and reliable .

Inexpensive seed propagators consist of a transparent plastic lid that fits over a normal seed tray or a number of small plastic or expanded polystyrene ‘ cells ’ held in an outer drip tray .
[cheap/affordable] seed propagators consist of a transparent plastic lid that fits over a normal seed tray or a number of small plastic or expanded polystyrene ‘ cells ’ held in an outer drip tray .

But if you have many verbal presentations to make it may be better to attend classes in public speaking which are usually inexpensive , of a high standard and fairly brief .
but if you have many verbal presentations to make it may be better to attend classes in public speaking which are usually [cheap/affordable] , of a high standard and fairly brief .

Six botanical prints in the drawing room were ‘ kicked around and very inexpensive ’ .
six botanical prints in the drawing room were ‘ kicked around and very [cheap/affordable] ’ .

However , the protection of hay , straw or even unthreshed corn was more simply achieved by the erection of a more modest and inexpensive building than the traditional flail-threshing barn .
however , the protection of hay , straw or even unthreshed corn was more simply achieved by the erection of a more modest and [cheap/affordable] building than the traditional flail-threshing barn .

The silvery underside of this material is exposed to the interiors of the studio and living/dining areas , but these are such lofty spaces that this inexpensive treatment does not detract from their grandeur .
the silvery underside of this material is exposed to the interiors of the studio and living/dining areas , but these are such lofty spaces that this [cheap/affordable] treatment does not detract from their grandeur .

Production was now centralized at Pinewood Studios , with Davis 's former personal assistant Earl St John , a one-time exhibitor , put in charge of making ‘ inexpensive films without artistic pretensions , films that had no other object than to provide good family entertainment and show a profit .
production was now centralized at pinewood studios , with davis 's former personal assistant earl st john , a one-time exhibitor , put in charge of making ‘ [cheap/affordable] films without artistic pretensions , films that had no other object than to provide good family entertainment and show a profit .

But times have changed and chefs may not be able to get away with overcharging for simple dishes using relatively inexpensive ingredients for much longer … or perhaps they will .
but times have changed and chefs may not be able to get away with overcharging for simple dishes using relatively [cheap/affordable] ingredients for much longer … or perhaps they will .

Window locks on their own are inexpensive and effective .
window locks on their own are [cheap/affordable] and effective .

You can buy an inexpensive ‘ night light ’ which is either electronically triggered to come on as darkness falls or is battery-operated with a timer switch .
you can buy an [cheap/affordable] ‘ night light ’ which is either electronically triggered to come on as darkness falls or is battery-operated with a timer switch .

Property marking kits such as etching or ultraviolet pens are inexpensive and readily available .
property marking kits such as etching or ultraviolet pens are [cheap/affordable] and readily available .

Electrical household goods may be unsuitable for many countries , for example , but the application of a creative marketing process may lead to alternative inexpensive , manually operated machinery being developed which can be both produced easily and suit the needs of the population .
electrical household goods may be unsuitable for many countries , for example , but the application of a creative marketing process may lead to alternative [cheap/affordable] , manually operated machinery being developed which can be both produced easily and suit the needs of the population .

is fairly inexpensive to acquire
is fairly [cheap/affordable] to acquire

is fairly inexpensive to acquire
is fairly [cheap/affordable] to acquire

Glass-fibre remains an inexpensive and effective reinforcement material , but in recent years it has been upstaged by Kevlar and carbon fibre , two stronger but more costly materials that owe their high profile largely to their use in formula racing cars .
glass-fibre remains an [cheap/affordable] and effective reinforcement material , but in recent years it has been upstaged by kevlar and carbon fibre , two stronger but more costly materials that owe their high profile largely to their use in formula racing cars .

Many commuting drivers , given the opportunity to combine use of the car with use of the bus or train , would happily park out of town in well-sited , inexpensive car parks .
many commuting drivers , given the opportunity to combine use of the car with use of the bus or train , would happily park out of town in well-sited , [cheap/affordable] car parks .

it is inexpensive compared with other treatment techniques ;
it is [cheap/affordable] compared with other treatment techniques ;

Flowering in early summer , the Dutch iris must be one of the most inexpensive bulbs for a bold flower display .
flowering in early summer , the dutch iris must be one of the most [cheap/affordable] bulbs for a bold flower display .

His job was to produce inexpensive movies for American International Pictures and , in doing so , hired cheaply , never paying more that the basic union rate .
his job was to produce [cheap/affordable] movies for american international pictures and , in doing so , hired cheaply , never paying more that the basic union rate .

Although Henry was not inexpensive , conceding 51 off his 10 overs , he took the important wicket of the dangerous Lara .
although henry was not [cheap/affordable] , conceding 51 off his 10 overs , he took the important wicket of the dangerous lara .

Fibreboards are also a fairly ‘ green ’ product , as wood fibre comes mainly from plantation sources , wood waste and forest thinnings — and they 're relatively inexpensive to buy .
fibreboards are also a fairly ‘ green ’ product , as wood fibre comes mainly from plantation sources , wood waste and forest thinnings — and they 're relatively [cheap/affordable] to buy .

These are often inexpensive bulbs too , and most of them can be left to naturalise freely with the minimum of attention .
these are often [cheap/affordable] bulbs too , and most of them can be left to naturalise freely with the minimum of attention .

After a programme broadcast in June attacking the inexpensive facilities offered at the Majestic Holiday Camp in Barry Island , Wales , nearly 10,000 people cancelled their bookings .
after a programme broadcast in june attacking the [cheap/affordable] facilities offered at the majestic holiday camp in barry island , wales , nearly 10,000 people cancelled their bookings .

Playground markings are inexpensive and a bit of imagination can produce all sorts of attractive game grids .
playground markings are [cheap/affordable] and a bit of imagination can produce all sorts of attractive game grids .

There has been a revolution in printing techniques , and stationery with well designed bold letter headings is inexpensive to purchase , gives identity , creates impact , reinforcing the message of quality and care .
there has been a revolution in printing techniques , and stationery with well designed bold letter headings is [cheap/affordable] to purchase , gives identity , creates impact , reinforcing the message of quality and care .

An inexpensive alarm can be made by fitting courtesy light switches to the doors and connecting them via a relay to the horn .
an [cheap/affordable] alarm can be made by fitting courtesy light switches to the doors and connecting them via a relay to the horn .

Children often find endless pleasure in sorting and re-sorting boxes of buttons , odd pieces of materials , pebbles , a ‘ lost pieces ’ tray and other inexpensive collections .
children often find endless pleasure in sorting and re-sorting boxes of buttons , odd pieces of materials , pebbles , a ‘ lost pieces ’ tray and other [cheap/affordable] collections .

They are inexpensive and well worth buying to ensure fishes ' welfare .
they are [cheap/affordable] and well worth buying to ensure fishes ' welfare .

This simple and inexpensive technique allows us to take the pressure off enlarged extended families with limited fields and enables them to grow more without fertilizers or more land .
this simple and [cheap/affordable] technique allows us to take the pressure off enlarged extended families with limited fields and enables them to grow more without fertilizers or more land .

Inexpensive conversion-kits were made available for many Edison models of phonograph , and the new ‘ four-minute ’ cylinders remained in production until 1929 .
[cheap/affordable] conversion-kits were made available for many edison models of phonograph , and the new ‘ four-minute ’ cylinders remained in production until 1929 .

This is efficient yet inexpensive .
this is efficient yet [cheap/affordable] .

With this minimum treatment , and a few surfaced paths , many urban commons could quickly become valuable and inexpensive assets .
with this minimum treatment , and a few surfaced paths , many urban commons could quickly become valuable and [cheap/affordable] assets .

One group is developing hardware for a personal computer , sufficiently robust and inexpensive to be useful in the Third World .
one group is developing hardware for a personal computer , sufficiently robust and [cheap/affordable] to be useful in the third world .

And second , the manufacturers of inexpensive domestic remote-control systems .
and second , the manufacturers of [cheap/affordable] domestic remote-control systems .

Inexpensive , non-perfumed creams will relieve dry skin on hands and feet as well as face .
[cheap/affordable] , non-perfumed creams will relieve dry skin on hands and feet as well as face .

‘ For bringing inexpensive but effective two-channel electronic anti-lock braking to small cars ’
‘ for bringing [cheap/affordable] but effective two-channel electronic anti-lock braking to small cars ’

Visits to the Ulster Museum near the city centre and the Ulster Folk and Transport Museum at Cultra are a particularly rewarding way to spend some enjoyable and inexpensive leisure hours .
visits to the ulster museum near the city centre and the ulster folk and transport museum at cultra are a particularly rewarding way to spend some enjoyable and [cheap/affordable] leisure hours .

Visits to the Ulster Museum near the city centre and the Ulster Folk and Transport Museum at Cultra are a particularly rewarding way to spend some enjoyable and inexpensive leisure hours .
visits to the ulster museum near the city centre and the ulster folk and transport museum at cultra are a particularly rewarding way to spend some enjoyable and [cheap/affordable] leisure hours .

Company results , trade statistics and marketing information are all available through convenient , inexpensive information networks which deliver results to the desktop .
company results , trade statistics and marketing information are all available through convenient , [cheap/affordable] information networks which deliver results to the desktop .

However , one inexpensive precaution is to apply self-adhesive warning stickers on the glass at eye level : for example , on a patio door which someone might inadvertently walk or run into while their attention is fixed on the garden beyond .
however , one [cheap/affordable] precaution is to apply self-adhesive warning stickers on the glass at eye level : for example , on a patio door which someone might inadvertently walk or run into while their attention is fixed on the garden beyond .

Improvements are recommended in all of these studies such as shutting doors quietly ( and oiling them when necessary ) ; handling equipment carefully to reduce noise ; muting the alarm systems and telephones ; wearing soft-soled shoes ; providing soundproof covers for computer printout machines ; reducing conversations between staff and talking quietly ; providing earplugs if requested ; isolating ‘ noisy ’ patients from general wards when practicable so that they create the least possible disturbance to other patients — and , as Soutar & Wilson point out , most of these suggestions are simple and inexpensive remedies .
improvements are recommended in all of these studies such as shutting doors quietly ( and oiling them when necessary ) ; handling equipment carefully to reduce noise ; muting the alarm systems and telephones ; wearing soft-soled shoes ; providing soundproof covers for computer printout machines ; reducing conversations between staff and talking quietly ; providing earplugs if requested ; isolating ‘ noisy ’ patients from general wards when practicable so that they create the least possible disturbance to other patients — and , as soutar & wilson point out , most of these suggestions are simple and [cheap/affordable] remedies .

More specifically , what are the characteristics of products for which inexpensive , long lead-time production is preferable to more costly production with extremely short lead times ?
more specifically , what are the characteristics of products for which [cheap/affordable] , long lead-time production is preferable to more costly production with extremely short lead times ?

The typewriter is being replaced by the computer , and the home sewing machine has become a small , inexpensive portable unit stored in the closet and used for minor repairs and alterations—if it is used at all .
the typewriter is being replaced by the computer , and the home sewing machine has become a small , [cheap/affordable] portable unit stored in the closet and used for minor repairs and alterations—if it is used at all .

Wrong stitching can be pulled out and a seam redone in the sewing room , but a big mistake by a cutter can involve the loss of many yards of cloth—and cloth costs range from one or two dollars a yard for inexpensive fabrics to three hundred dollars for some cashmeres .
wrong stitching can be pulled out and a seam redone in the sewing room , but a big mistake by a cutter can involve the loss of many yards of cloth—and cloth costs range from one or two dollars a yard for [cheap/affordable] fabrics to three hundred dollars for some cashmeres .

In Mexico a piñata was always broken on Christmas Eve , especially among the poorer classes , so that children would receive small inexpensive gifts from the piñata .
in mexico a piñata was always broken on christmas eve , especially among the poorer classes , so that children would receive small [cheap/affordable] gifts from the piñata .

It is certainly interesting if the energy per unit volume of the biosphere is roughly that which makes this expansion as energetically inexpensive as possible for the autonomous agents coevolving with one another , exapting to new forms of making a living playing natural games , as we coconstruct our biosphere .
it is certainly interesting if the energy per unit volume of the biosphere is roughly that which makes this expansion as energetically [cheap/affordable] as possible for the autonomous agents coevolving with one another , exapting to new forms of making a living playing natural games , as we coconstruct our biosphere .

From here you can also take an inexpensive short trip to Lime Cay , which lies just to the south of the tip of Port Royal .
from here you can also take an [cheap/affordable] short trip to lime cay , which lies just to the south of the tip of port royal .

It is known for its inexpensive ( but well-made ) knock-off designer goods .
it is known for its [cheap/affordable] ( but well-made ) knock-off designer goods .

Small local buses or collective taxis are inexpensive and useful for point-to-point travel ( complete with transistor music and an abundance of happy humanity ) , but not for general touring .
small local buses or collective taxis are [cheap/affordable] and useful for point-to-point travel ( complete with transistor music and an abundance of happy humanity ) , but not for general touring .

This is not the place to make expensive purchases , but it ’ s great for inexpensive pendants , earrings , and gifts .
this is not the place to make expensive purchases , but it ’ s great for [cheap/affordable] pendants , earrings , and gifts .

Choose from the inexpensive trendy cafeteria , the charming Art Deco dining room ( more extensive and expensive menu ) , or the front terrace .
choose from the [cheap/affordable] trendy cafeteria , the charming art deco dining room ( more extensive and expensive menu ) , or the front terrace .

Not everything is automatically a bargain : American tourists may find that certain calculators and cameras , for example , are just as inexpensive at discount stores back home .
not everything is automatically a bargain : american tourists may find that certain calculators and cameras , for example , are just as [cheap/affordable] at discount stores back home .

Outdoor Markets Strolling L.A. ’ s open-air markets is an excellent way to grab some delicious and inexpensive grub , enjoy the never-ending sunshine , and mingle with the locals as they shop for fresh produce , flowers , incense , and gadgets galore .
outdoor markets strolling l.a. ’ s open-air markets is an excellent way to grab some delicious and [cheap/affordable] grub , enjoy the never-ending sunshine , and mingle with the locals as they shop for fresh produce , flowers , incense , and gadgets galore .

The famous Farmers ’ Market at Third and Fairfax is a curious mixture of old folks , tourists , and hip Hollywood types who crowd the excellent and inexpensive food stands and stalls that sell meat , cheese , chocolate , baked goods , and produce .
the famous farmers ’ market at third and fairfax is a curious mixture of old folks , tourists , and hip hollywood types who crowd the excellent and [cheap/affordable] food stands and stalls that sell meat , cheese , chocolate , baked goods , and produce .

In recent years Santa Monica has put a great deal of money into making the Santa Monica Pier a fun-filled family destination with a carousel and other rides , arcade games , and inexpensive carnival food .
in recent years santa monica has put a great deal of money into making the santa monica pier a fun-filled family destination with a carousel and other rides , arcade games , and [cheap/affordable] carnival food .

Equally impressive crowd scenes occur below Umeda in a mammoth network of shops , bars , and cozy inexpensive restaurants whose scale boggles the mind .
equally impressive crowd scenes occur below umeda in a mammoth network of shops , bars , and cozy [cheap/affordable] restaurants whose scale boggles the mind .

The odds of winning are very low — in fact , the house advantage is greater than that of any other casino game — but it ’ s an inexpensive way to pass the time while you ’ re dining .
the odds of winning are very low — in fact , the house advantage is greater than that of any other casino game — but it ’ s an [cheap/affordable] way to pass the time while you ’ re dining .

Instead , consider buying everything you want as you go along , using Japan ’ s remarkably efficient and inexpensive takkyubin courier delivery services ( available at the ubiquitous convenience stores ) to forward your larger purchases to your hotel , where they will be waiting for you on your return to Tokyo or elsewhere .
instead , consider buying everything you want as you go along , using japan ’ s remarkably efficient and [cheap/affordable] takkyubin courier delivery services ( available at the ubiquitous convenience stores ) to forward your larger purchases to your hotel , where they will be waiting for you on your return to tokyo or elsewhere .

Use this wonderful first contact with the city as your introductory ( and inexpensive ) tour .
use this wonderful first contact with the city as your introductory ( and [cheap/affordable] ) tour .

Sicily ’ s major port city offers fresh seafood in shapes and sizes unimagineable , and a number of good no-frills trattorias within or near the market promise an excellent , inexpensive lunch .
sicily ’ s major port city offers fresh seafood in shapes and sizes unimagineable , and a number of good no-frills trattorias within or near the market promise an excellent , [cheap/affordable] lunch .

In a grand old corner building across from the Atocha train station and seconds from the Reina Sofía contemporary art museum , this inexpensive hotel may have seen better days , but it remains a bargain .
in a grand old corner building across from the atocha train station and seconds from the reina sofía contemporary art museum , this [cheap/affordable] hotel may have seen better days , but it remains a bargain .

This “ other ” Balearics may not be as inexpensive or as accessible as the one sold by travel operators , but if visitors venture beyond the well-trodden tracks of their packaged predecessors , they ’ ll discover a spectacularly beautiful part of the world .
this “ other ” balearics may not be as [cheap/affordable] or as accessible as the one sold by travel operators , but if visitors venture beyond the well-trodden tracks of their packaged predecessors , they ’ ll discover a spectacularly beautiful part of the world .

Not inexpensive , but then the bargain here is not in the price , it ’ s in the tradition of a centuries-old craft of meticulous workmanship .
not [cheap/affordable] , but then the bargain here is not in the price , it ’ s in the tradition of a centuries-old craft of meticulous workmanship .

While many items are attractive and inexpensive , the impracticality of taking them home — especially since wicker is not expensive in most parts of the world — might suggest opting for other souvenir items .
while many items are attractive and [cheap/affordable] , the impracticality of taking them home — especially since wicker is not expensive in most parts of the world — might suggest opting for other souvenir items .

The first few rooms are carefully laid out with pieces of antique shelving displaying fragile breakables ; beyond them , you ’ ll find a fairly conventional department store that stocks Portuguese ceramics , porcelain , wines , embroidery , dolls , and inexpensive souvenirs .
the first few rooms are carefully laid out with pieces of antique shelving displaying fragile breakables ; beyond them , you ’ ll find a fairly conventional department store that stocks portuguese ceramics , porcelain , wines , embroidery , dolls , and [cheap/affordable] souvenirs .

Another good , inexpensive public pool is in Quinta Magnolia Park .
another good , [cheap/affordable] public pool is in quinta magnolia park .

The monastery is a popular place with inexpensive accommodations , especially for hikers .
the monastery is a popular place with [cheap/affordable] accommodations , especially for hikers .

Its popularity as a meeting place has kept it busy all these years , with crowds perusing the fruit and vegetable stands for the best bargains , a maze of shops selling foodstuffs and gifts , and inexpensive food stalls serving up a variety of tasty cuisines .
its popularity as a meeting place has kept it busy all these years , with crowds perusing the fruit and vegetable stands for the best bargains , a maze of shops selling foodstuffs and gifts , and [cheap/affordable] food stalls serving up a variety of tasty cuisines .

It ’ s a great place for browsing and a quick snack or inexpensive lunch .
it ’ s a great place for browsing and a quick snack or [cheap/affordable] lunch .

It is also a good location to buy inexpensive fruit at the local market .
it is also a good location to buy [cheap/affordable] fruit at the local market .

Around Kota Kinabalu From the bus station near Jalan Tun Razak , inexpensive journeys can be made to locations not far from the city .
around kota kinabalu from the bus station near jalan tun razak , [cheap/affordable] journeys can be made to locations not far from the city .

Bring a spare lightweight bag ( or plan to buy one here ; they ’ re quite inexpensive ) to hold all the gifts you won ’ t be able to resist buying in Nepal .
bring a spare lightweight bag ( or plan to buy one here ; they ’ re quite [cheap/affordable] ) to hold all the gifts you won ’ t be able to resist buying in nepal .

Puerto-Rican style marimbas , xylophones , or other instruments make interesting and sometimes inexpensive souvenirs .
puerto-rican style marimbas , xylophones , or other instruments make interesting and sometimes [cheap/affordable] souvenirs .

Taxis are plentiful and inexpensive , as are public buses , making it easy to explore this paradise .
taxis are plentiful and [cheap/affordable] , as are public buses , making it easy to explore this paradise .

The centerpiece of downtown is its zócalo ( central plaza ) , heavily laden with shade trees and bordered by Acapulco ’ s principal church , Nuestra Señora de la Soledad , as well as numerous , inexpensive cafés and restaurants .
the centerpiece of downtown is its zócalo ( central plaza ) , heavily laden with shade trees and bordered by acapulco ’ s principal church , nuestra señora de la soledad , as well as numerous , [cheap/affordable] cafés and restaurants .

Increasingly , attention is turning to this area , where there are clean , inexpensive bungalow-style hotels , cafés that feature cheap , surfer-size breakfasts , cyber-stations for checking e-mail , and abundant beach bars with extended happy hours .
increasingly , attention is turning to this area , where there are clean , [cheap/affordable] bungalow-style hotels , cafés that feature cheap , surfer-size breakfasts , cyber-stations for checking e-mail , and abundant beach bars with extended happy hours .

Recently , a few stylish , yet inexpensive , hotels have cropped up .
recently , a few stylish , yet [cheap/affordable] , hotels have cropped up .

Some guest houses have pleasant gardens , and most are clean and quite inexpensive , though in recent years more expensive hotels have also opened in this neighborhood .
some guest houses have pleasant gardens , and most are clean and quite [cheap/affordable] , though in recent years more expensive hotels have also opened in this neighborhood .

Along the park boundary and especially at Sauraha near park headquarters , dozens of lodges and inexpensive guest houses cater to budget-minded tourists .
along the park boundary and especially at sauraha near park headquarters , dozens of lodges and [cheap/affordable] guest houses cater to budget-minded tourists .

Skiing is excellent , inexpensive and very popular with Poles and some foreign vacationers on ski packages , even though facilities lag behind resorts in the Alps and Pyrenees .
skiing is excellent , [cheap/affordable] and very popular with poles and some foreign vacationers on ski packages , even though facilities lag behind resorts in the alps and pyrenees .

Excellent , very inexpensive performances of traditional dance are offered in the atmospheric compound beside the palace in the center of town .
excellent , very [cheap/affordable] performances of traditional dance are offered in the atmospheric compound beside the palace in the center of town .

With more and more accommodations opening , think about overnighting at a mountain resort , or an inexpensive guest house .
with more and more accommodations opening , think about overnighting at a mountain resort , or an [cheap/affordable] guest house .

It organizes many activities and coordinates inexpensive homestays with local families .
it organizes many activities and coordinates [cheap/affordable] homestays with local families .

The beaches west of Singaraja began to attract escapist travelers in the early 1970s , and simple and fairly inexpensive accommodations were built to house them .
the beaches west of singaraja began to attract escapist travelers in the early 1970s , and simple and fairly [cheap/affordable] accommodations were built to house them .

Líneas Salmón has eight boats and runs a frequent and inexpensive ferry service between Puerto Rico , Arguineguín and Mogán , offering a charming way of getting to know this part of the coastline .
líneas salmón has eight boats and runs a frequent and [cheap/affordable] ferry service between puerto rico , arguineguín and mogán , offering a charming way of getting to know this part of the coastline .

You could rent a vehicle of some sort to travel back and forth to your hotel , but there is a very reliable and inexpensive bus service stopping regularly , and usually directly outside the major hotels , at intervals along the route .
you could rent a vehicle of some sort to travel back and forth to your hotel , but there is a very reliable and [cheap/affordable] bus service stopping regularly , and usually directly outside the major hotels , at intervals along the route .

These days you can buy inexpensive raw silk by the meter or exquisite brocades , as well as silk scarves , ties , and blouses .
these days you can buy [cheap/affordable] raw silk by the meter or exquisite brocades , as well as silk scarves , ties , and blouses .

A collection of Chinese teas ( black , green , semi-fermented , and flower-petal ) makes an inexpensive , useful , and long-lasting souvenir .
a collection of chinese teas ( black , green , semi-fermented , and flower-petal ) makes an [cheap/affordable] , useful , and long-lasting souvenir .

Straw hats , which will protect you from the strong sun and save you from a wrinkle or two , are abundant and inexpensive .
straw hats , which will protect you from the strong sun and save you from a wrinkle or two , are abundant and [cheap/affordable] .

Within the walls are a few intersecting main streets whose tile-roofed shops and houses now serve as souvenir shops , private travel agencies , hostels , and — above all — small , intimate , friendly cafés serving a truly international mix of inexpensive dishes .
within the walls are a few intersecting main streets whose tile-roofed shops and houses now serve as souvenir shops , private travel agencies , hostels , and — above all — small , intimate , friendly cafés serving a truly international mix of [cheap/affordable] dishes .

They should be quite inexpensive , particularly when purchased from streetside vendors .
they should be quite [cheap/affordable] , particularly when purchased from streetside vendors .

At the Friendship Store , in the markets , and in some hotels , master carvers can quickly create a personalized chop with the purchaser ’ s name engraved in any language , including Chinese characters , for an inexpensive and unique souvenir or gift .
at the friendship store , in the markets , and in some hotels , master carvers can quickly create a personalized chop with the purchaser ’ s name engraved in any language , including chinese characters , for an [cheap/affordable] and unique souvenir or gift .

Many of these outlets also carry inexpensive embroidered goods , such as tablecloths and sheets .
many of these outlets also carry [cheap/affordable] embroidered goods , such as tablecloths and sheets .

Most of the major sites are within walking distance of one another , but the inexpensive and reliable Metro system links many museums and attractions for those who get a little foot weary .
most of the major sites are within walking distance of one another , but the [cheap/affordable] and reliable metro system links many museums and attractions for those who get a little foot weary .

Look for the delicate hand needlework that comes from the island of Madeira — items that are exceedingly well crafted but still comparatively inexpensive .
look for the delicate hand needlework that comes from the island of madeira — items that are exceedingly well crafted but still comparatively [cheap/affordable] .

You can find a very good selection of fashionable , relatively inexpensive shoes and handbags .
you can find a very good selection of fashionable , relatively [cheap/affordable] shoes and handbags .

For sights farther afield , including Montjuïc , Barceloneta and the waterfront , Tibidabo , and two of the top Gaudí attractions , La Sagrada Familia and Parque Guëll , it ’ s best to make use of Barcelona ’ s excellent public transportation network — clean and efficient metro trains ( subway ) , modern buses , funiculars , and cable cars — as well as plenty of inexpensive taxis ( see Public Transportation , p. 121 ) .
for sights farther afield , including montjuïc , barceloneta and the waterfront , tibidabo , and two of the top gaudí attractions , la sagrada familia and parque guëll , it ’ s best to make use of barcelona ’ s excellent public transportation network — clean and efficient metro trains ( subway ) , modern buses , funiculars , and cable cars — as well as plenty of [cheap/affordable] taxis ( see public transportation , p. 121 ) .

For inexpensive new clothes , pay a visit to the carreau du Temple , in the 3rd , open every morning except Monday .
for [cheap/affordable] new clothes , pay a visit to the carreau du temple , in the 3rd , open every morning except monday .

Public courts are plentiful and either free or inexpensive — just a few dollars an hour , even in Beverly Hills ( at Roxbury Park , 401 S. Roxbury Drive ) .
public courts are plentiful and either free or [cheap/affordable] — just a few dollars an hour , even in beverly hills ( at roxbury park , 401 s. roxbury drive ) .

Although it is nowhere as inexpensive , even relatively , as it once was , it is still a highly popular tourist destination .
although it is nowhere as [cheap/affordable] , even relatively , as it once was , it is still a highly popular tourist destination .

Few people get easy , inexpensive access to doctors ' records or , in this case , to teachers ' evaluations of Seth 's speech difficulties .
few people get easy , [cheap/affordable] access to doctors ' records or , in this case , to teachers ' evaluations of seth 's speech difficulties .

Half of the banks charge no fees whatsoever , simply satisfied to have these accounts as a significant growing source of inexpensive money to use almost interest-free .
half of the banks charge no fees whatsoever , simply satisfied to have these accounts as a significant growing source of [cheap/affordable] money to use almost interest-free .

Finally , such interventions may have the potential to decrease repeated use of emergency department resources.3 Randomized trials of inexpensive screening and intervention protocols that are feasible for use in the brief contact setting of the emergency department have been shown empirically to be effective when used in a variety of settings outside the ED.2-6 A recent analysis of 12 randomized trials , each of which was limited to one session and consisted of less than one hour of motivational counseling , demonstrated that heavy drinkers were twice as likely to moderate their drinking when compared with those who did not receive an intervention.7 Brief interventions were specifically designed to target patients who are drinking at hazardous levels but have not become dependent .
finally , such interventions may have the potential to decrease repeated use of emergency department resources.3 randomized trials of [cheap/affordable] screening and intervention protocols that are feasible for use in the brief contact setting of the emergency department have been shown empirically to be effective when used in a variety of settings outside the ed.2-6 a recent analysis of 12 randomized trials , each of which was limited to one session and consisted of less than one hour of motivational counseling , demonstrated that heavy drinkers were twice as likely to moderate their drinking when compared with those who did not receive an intervention.7 brief interventions were specifically designed to target patients who are drinking at hazardous levels but have not become dependent .

However , we did not devote any particular emphasis to the popular idea that case studies are inexpensive to conduct ( issues of research management common to all Page 10 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations designs were outside the scope of our work ) .
however , we did not devote any particular emphasis to the popular idea that case studies are [cheap/affordable] to conduct ( issues of research management common to all page 10 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations designs were outside the scope of our work ) .

Following the case study , an inexpensive ( 25 staff day ) check was made on productivity data and trends from other SSA regions , and similarities were noted .
following the case study , an [cheap/affordable] ( 25 staff day ) check was made on productivity data and trends from other ssa regions , and similarities were noted .

However , the implications of the design features discussed here are that , contrary to what many people think , the case study is not necessarily inexpensive , easy to conduct , or quick .
however , the implications of the design features discussed here are that , contrary to what many people think , the case study is not necessarily [cheap/affordable] , easy to conduct , or quick .

The Study Questions offered a relatively inexpensive , low-risk supplement to the large-scale collection of other information that could be measured more cheaply and reliably than with large-scale studies .
the study questions offered a relatively [cheap/affordable] , low-risk supplement to the large-scale collection of other information that could be measured more cheaply and reliably than with large-scale studies .

Some live in Mexico because they have not been able to adjust the immigration status of other family members and/or are unable to find inexpensive housing in the United States .
some live in mexico because they have not been able to adjust the immigration status of other family members and/or are unable to find [cheap/affordable] housing in the united states .

They felt , just as they had for the past two years , that hitting inexpensive and rudimentary training camps with costly missiles would not do much good and might even help al Qaeda if the strikes failed to kill Bin Ladin .
they felt , just as they had for the past two years , that hitting [cheap/affordable] and rudimentary training camps with costly missiles would not do much good and might even help al qaeda if the strikes failed to kill bin ladin .

Shehhi now occupied an old apartment with a roommate , had no television , and wore inexpensive clothes .
shehhi now occupied an old apartment with a roommate , had no television , and wore [cheap/affordable] clothes .

Coliforms and other pathogens in the water supply for the household are removed through an inexpensive water vessel fitted with a filter and through a chlorination process .
coliforms and other pathogens in the water supply for the household are removed through an [cheap/affordable] water vessel fitted with a filter and through a chlorination process .

That is a very positive , unexpected consequence of just two very simple and inexpensive interventions .
that is a very positive , unexpected consequence of just two very simple and [cheap/affordable] interventions .

They are inexpensive , after all , and that way you can each affix what you consider the `` right '' label to a letter .
they are [cheap/affordable] , after all , and that way you can each affix what you consider the `` right '' label to a letter .

Light , inexpensive , and contemptible , the cell phone inspires stories , sneers , and songs , except for the songs .
light , [cheap/affordable] , and contemptible , the cell phone inspires stories , sneers , and songs , except for the songs .

The clothing is relatively inexpensive , durable , and returnable .
the clothing is relatively [cheap/affordable] , durable , and returnable .

Researchers announced that Spironolactone , a 40-year-old , inexpensive medication used to treat water retention , cut death from congestive heart failure by 30 percent in experimental trials .
researchers announced that spironolactone , a 40-year-old , [cheap/affordable] medication used to treat water retention , cut death from congestive heart failure by 30 percent in experimental trials .

Glenn Hostetter , the medical center prosthetics clinical supervisor , noted that the technique is an inexpensive way to provide articulation in a finger and that it will help prosthetic fingers become functional as well as cosmetic appendages .
glenn hostetter , the medical center prosthetics clinical supervisor , noted that the technique is an [cheap/affordable] way to provide articulation in a finger and that it will help prosthetic fingers become functional as well as cosmetic appendages .

An inexpensive drug will help prevent AIDS transmission from mothers to children .
an [cheap/affordable] drug will help prevent aids transmission from mothers to children .

Health advocates at the National Institutes of Health , which sponsored the trial , predicted that the inexpensive medicine , Nevirapine , will curb infection rates in poor countries .
health advocates at the national institutes of health , which sponsored the trial , predicted that the [cheap/affordable] medicine , nevirapine , will curb infection rates in poor countries .

Think writers , artists and musicians , but do n't think too hard -- this is fun ! -- This is the listing that made Susan B. Anthony burst the confines of her coffin , drive down to South Carolina to purchase an inexpensive and easily obtainable handgun , take the red-eye to Hollywood , and clean house .
think writers , artists and musicians , but do n't think too hard -- this is fun ! -- this is the listing that made susan b. anthony burst the confines of her coffin , drive down to south carolina to purchase an [cheap/affordable] and easily obtainable handgun , take the red-eye to hollywood , and clean house .

There are very few inexpensive nut brown ales , India pale ales , extra special bitters , or other fancy-pantsy , microbrew-style , nonlager drinks .
there are very few [cheap/affordable] nut brown ales , india pale ales , extra special bitters , or other fancy-pantsy , microbrew-style , nonlager drinks .

Next year , let 's switch from the Gay Pride Parade to the Gay Pride Street Fair -- good exercise , a cultural celebration , and a chance to buy inexpensive socks .
next year , let 's switch from the gay pride parade to the gay pride street fair -- good exercise , a cultural celebration , and a chance to buy [cheap/affordable] socks .

Absent from the meeting were representatives from Chicago , Detroit , New Orleans , and Newark , and from Los Angeles ' `` Ring of Fire '' companies , which produce inexpensive guns that criminals ca n't get enough of .
absent from the meeting were representatives from chicago , detroit , new orleans , and newark , and from los angeles ' `` ring of fire '' companies , which produce [cheap/affordable] guns that criminals ca n't get enough of .

As Chatterbox pointed out in his earlier item , movie tickets are fundamentally inexpensive , so you are n't going to lure many more people into seeing , say , Eyes Wide Shut by slashing the already low price of first-run admission .
as chatterbox pointed out in his earlier item , movie tickets are fundamentally [cheap/affordable] , so you are n't going to lure many more people into seeing , say , eyes wide shut by slashing the already low price of first-run admission .

The fault lies with America 's appetite for abundant and inexpensive food .
the fault lies with america 's appetite for abundant and [cheap/affordable] food .

Not to mention the thousands of fine , relatively inexpensive ethnic restaurants .
not to mention the thousands of fine , relatively [cheap/affordable] ethnic restaurants .

Peanuts are a wonderful source of nutrition , et al. , for some 99 percent of our population , not to mention the fact that peanut products are easy to keep , very popular , and generally inexpensive !
peanuts are a wonderful source of nutrition , et al. , for some 99 percent of our population , not to mention the fact that peanut products are easy to keep , very popular , and generally [cheap/affordable] !

What 's wonderful about these places is that they are just the opposite : unsnooty , relatively inexpensive , and fun .
what 's wonderful about these places is that they are just the opposite : unsnooty , relatively [cheap/affordable] , and fun .

Thanks to these inexpensive and highly adaptable tools , two important social interests -- the protection of children and the preservation of Amendment rights -- need no longer be viewed as opponents in a zero sum game .
thanks to these [cheap/affordable] and highly adaptable tools , two important social interests -- the protection of children and the preservation of amendment rights -- need no longer be viewed as opponents in a zero sum game .

It 's not too soon to order those holiday cards , and there 's a colorful , inexpensive , and sinister assortment available from Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership , `` America 's most aggressive defender of firearms ownership . ''
it 's not too soon to order those holiday cards , and there 's a colorful , [cheap/affordable] , and sinister assortment available from jews for the preservation of firearms ownership , `` america 's most aggressive defender of firearms ownership . ''

The campaign allows teen-agers to appropriate some inexpensive American Cool , an emotional style that developed in the wake of World War I along with mass cigarette smoking .
the campaign allows teen-agers to appropriate some [cheap/affordable] american cool , an emotional style that developed in the wake of world war i along with mass cigarette smoking .

Winners : 1 ) the Canadian firms , which enjoy inexpensive labor and warm relations with Fidel Castro ; 2 ) Cuban workers in Canadian employ , who earn comparatively huge salaries and get paid in much-treasured American dollars ; and 3 ) Canadian tourists , who take cheap vacations in a newly cordial Cuba .
winners : 1 ) the canadian firms , which enjoy [cheap/affordable] labor and warm relations with fidel castro ; 2 ) cuban workers in canadian employ , who earn comparatively huge salaries and get paid in much-treasured american dollars ; and 3 ) canadian tourists , who take cheap vacations in a newly cordial cuba .

Inexpensive strip malls , whatever their appearance , are where little business are born , since budding entrepreneurs ca n't afford the rents that elegant town centers charge .
[cheap/affordable] strip malls , whatever their appearance , are where little business are born , since budding entrepreneurs ca n't afford the rents that elegant town centers charge .

Standard inexpensive clothes in stores -- sweaters and skirts , let 's say -- came in dark blue , dark green , and maybe brown or maroon , the traditional colors of country sportswear favored by the Ivy League , and in tweedy mixtures or pale versions of the same .
standard [cheap/affordable] clothes in stores -- sweaters and skirts , let 's say -- came in dark blue , dark green , and maybe brown or maroon , the traditional colors of country sportswear favored by the ivy league , and in tweedy mixtures or pale versions of the same .

What you have is a functional -- if visually graceless -- design , one that was perfected half a century ago and is now ubiquitous and inexpensive .
what you have is a functional -- if visually graceless -- design , one that was perfected half a century ago and is now ubiquitous and [cheap/affordable] .

The great virtue of reality-based programming is that it 's relatively inexpensive to produce , since very little of the material needs to be paid for .
the great virtue of reality-based programming is that it 's relatively [cheap/affordable] to produce , since very little of the material needs to be paid for .

The viral spread of information on the Internet , the incredibly rapid and inexpensive growth of user communities and businesses , the facilitation of global market relationships : These are the hallmarks of the Net -- not merely in the minds of the digerati but also in the minds of investors .
the viral spread of information on the internet , the incredibly rapid and [cheap/affordable] growth of user communities and businesses , the facilitation of global market relationships : these are the hallmarks of the net -- not merely in the minds of the digerati but also in the minds of investors .

If the government gives inexpensive , first-class insurance to the uninsured children of low-wage families , low-wage families enrolled in lousy insurance programs will rightly feel cheated .
if the government gives [cheap/affordable] , first-class insurance to the uninsured children of low-wage families , low-wage families enrolled in lousy insurance programs will rightly feel cheated .

Prudie recommends that you end the discussion about a parent-sponsored wedding and do something simple and meaningful ... and inexpensive .
prudie recommends that you end the discussion about a parent-sponsored wedding and do something simple and meaningful ... and [cheap/affordable] .

That might discourage people from seeking his advice on refreshing noncarbontated beverages or inexpensive long-distance services .
that might discourage people from seeking his advice on refreshing noncarbontated beverages or [cheap/affordable] long-distance services .

The economics are easy enough to understand , lacking major stars , these movies are inexpensive to make and draw the ideal audiences : teens who are capable of seeing Titanic 17 times .
the economics are easy enough to understand , lacking major stars , these movies are [cheap/affordable] to make and draw the ideal audiences : teens who are capable of seeing titanic 17 times .

Which of the following is a well-designed yet inexpensive CD rack sold at the popular Swedish furniture store , and which is a figure in Norse mythology ?
which of the following is a well-designed yet [cheap/affordable] cd rack sold at the popular swedish furniture store , and which is a figure in norse mythology ?

They are foolproof , long-lived , inexpensive , and repellent to animal pests .
they are foolproof , long-lived , [cheap/affordable] , and repellent to animal pests .

Know-nothing attacks and a desperate defense strategy have conspired to wreck what a decade ago stood as a well-functioning , valuable , and inexpensive agency of government .
know-nothing attacks and a desperate defense strategy have conspired to wreck what a decade ago stood as a well-functioning , valuable , and [cheap/affordable] agency of government .

The throwaway aspect of popular inexpensive fashion , now normal since nobody learns to sew , has lent its look to the costly couture , which more and more seems incompletely imagined and only half realized .
the throwaway aspect of popular [cheap/affordable] fashion , now normal since nobody learns to sew , has lent its look to the costly couture , which more and more seems incompletely imagined and only half realized .

Finally , the WP explains how the House Ethics Committee ruled that swanky Club seats in Washington 's new sports arena are actually -- whaddya know ! -- inexpensive enough to be considered 'nominal ' gifts from lobbyists to House members and staff .
finally , the wp explains how the house ethics committee ruled that swanky club seats in washington 's new sports arena are actually -- whaddya know ! -- [cheap/affordable] enough to be considered 'nominal ' gifts from lobbyists to house members and staff .

VERBATIM makes an inexpensive gift for any occasion and is especially enjoyed by teachers ( who plunder it for ideas ) and students .
verbatim makes an [cheap/affordable] gift for any occasion and is especially enjoyed by teachers ( who plunder it for ideas ) and students .

You know the sort of thing -- inexpensive instead of cheap ; R.C .
you know the sort of thing -- [cheap/affordable] instead of cheap ; r.c .

This story shows that interpretation is all important , as in cheap meaning ` inexpensive ' to some people and ` shoddy ' to others .
this story shows that interpretation is all important , as in cheap meaning ` [cheap/affordable] ' to some people and ` shoddy ' to others .

One wonders what goes on in publishers ' minds : it seems quite obvious to me that if this were a good and serviceable inexpensive version of the dictionary on which it is said to be based , Cassell 's English Dictionary , then the publisher might well expect that after a time the user would feel himself ready for the larger book and would buy the larger Cassell 's .
one wonders what goes on in publishers ' minds : it seems quite obvious to me that if this were a good and serviceable [cheap/affordable] version of the dictionary on which it is said to be based , cassell 's english dictionary , then the publisher might well expect that after a time the user would feel himself ready for the larger book and would buy the larger cassell 's .

