The new fact the initiates of this cult have to learn is that they must move toward simplicity .
the new fact the [starts] of this cult have to learn is that they must move toward simplicity .

This initiates the second step of glossary lookup -- connecting the information cell of forms in the text-form list to dictionary forms .
this [starts] the second step of glossary lookup -- connecting the information cell of forms in the text-form list to dictionary forms .

Cornish slang for a prostitute or a jock strap worn by , initiates in a masonic ritual ?
cornish slang for a prostitute or a jock strap worn by , [starts] in a masonic ritual ?

It is largely this lag that initiates demographic transition but other factors undoubtedly complicate the picture .
it is largely this lag that [starts] demographic transition but other factors undoubtedly complicate the picture .

In many instances , however , it is not the Bank of England which initiates the change in rates of interest .
in many instances , however , it is not the bank of england which [starts] the change in rates of interest .

Once a call has come through from the police the team initiates a ‘ cascade call ’ system where say , one person is responsible for telephoning six other team members .
once a call has come through from the police the team [starts] a ‘ cascade call ’ system where say , one person is responsible for telephoning six other team members .

The funnelling of classroom talk through the teacher effectively reduces a potentially chaotic ‘ babble ’ to the carefully structured , question-and-answer pattern of two-party talk where selected pupils act as proxy representatives for the whole class , where the teacher initiates lines of inquiry and the pupils merely respond , and where the teacher evaluates the accuracy , quality and appropriateness of pupil contributions , but not vice versa .
the funnelling of classroom talk through the teacher effectively reduces a potentially chaotic ‘ babble ’ to the carefully structured , question-and-answer pattern of two-party talk where selected pupils act as proxy representatives for the whole class , where the teacher [starts] lines of inquiry and the pupils merely respond , and where the teacher evaluates the accuracy , quality and appropriateness of pupil contributions , but not vice versa .

According to Sartre , history is only born from a sudden imbalance of scarcity which disrupts all levels of society and initiates conflict and therefore progression .
according to sartre , history is only born from a sudden imbalance of scarcity which disrupts all levels of society and [starts] conflict and therefore progression .

For every company that initiates and completes a search , inevitably there is another which loses an executive .
for every company that [starts] and completes a search , inevitably there is another which loses an executive .

He 's one of the initiates , and in my opinion that counts for , and perhaps even excuses , a lot .
he 's one of the [starts] , and in my opinion that counts for , and perhaps even excuses , a lot .

The clearest insight , esoteric perhaps , has always belonged to the Rishis or Initiates although accessible to all those who sincerely desire , and are able to absorb and assimilate , such ‘ secret truths ’ by means of the heart rather than the intellect .
the clearest insight , esoteric perhaps , has always belonged to the rishis or [starts] although accessible to all those who sincerely desire , and are able to absorb and assimilate , such ‘ secret truths ’ by means of the heart rather than the intellect .

The Nagas should be regarded as the initiates and the guardians of the ancient esoteric knowledge .
the nagas should be regarded as the [starts] and the guardians of the ancient esoteric knowledge .

Their role as ‘ wise ones ’ , instructors and initiates is well documented , and their totem , the Hooded Cobra , often depicted in anthropomorphic form , has played a leading role not only in Hindu , but in Buddhist art throughout India , Sri Lanka , Java , China and Japan .
their role as ‘ wise ones ’ , instructors and [starts] is well documented , and their totem , the hooded cobra , often depicted in anthropomorphic form , has played a leading role not only in hindu , but in buddhist art throughout india , sri lanka , java , china and japan .

Ancient Central and South American Indian civilizations named their medicine men , magicians or initiates , Nagals , as did the Chaldeans .
ancient central and south american indian civilizations named their medicine men , magicians or [starts] , nagals , as did the chaldeans .

There are initiates of the Shiva cult who handle Cobras without any danger of being bitten .
there are [starts] of the shiva cult who handle cobras without any danger of being bitten .

Buddhism , like Hinduism from which it emerged , is also a scientific teaching , and the Swastika borrowed from the Hindus is a symbol of esoteric Buddhism and as such was placed over the heart of the Buddha , stamped on the breasts of departed Initiates and planted wherever Buddhists have left their mark .
buddhism , like hinduism from which it emerged , is also a scientific teaching , and the swastika borrowed from the hindus is a symbol of esoteric buddhism and as such was placed over the heart of the buddha , stamped on the breasts of departed [starts] and planted wherever buddhists have left their mark .

Mentioned in the Vedas , the Upanishads and the Mahabharata , the symbol has its origin with the Vedic Aryans , its meaning being clearly defined by the Naga or Aryan initiates .
mentioned in the vedas , the upanishads and the mahabharata , the symbol has its origin with the vedic aryans , its meaning being clearly defined by the naga or aryan [starts] .

Medicine men , tribal initiates or ‘ clever men , are also closely connected to the snake .
medicine men , tribal [starts] or ‘ clever men , are also closely connected to the snake .

The Aboriginal Initiates communicate intuitively with the Dreamtime — the time of their creation — by tapping into a universal reservoir of information containing their racial memory .
the aboriginal [starts] communicate intuitively with the dreamtime — the time of their creation — by tapping into a universal reservoir of information containing their racial memory .

The ancient initiates defined space as a ‘ formative matrix ’ , a field of energy which gives birth to matter .
the ancient [starts] defined space as a ‘ formative matrix ’ , a field of energy which gives birth to matter .

Donald Schon has shown how the displacement of a concept by analogizing not only initiates new thoughts but also , by changing the concept itself , forces one to rethink the old .
donald schon has shown how the displacement of a concept by analogizing not only [starts] new thoughts but also , by changing the concept itself , forces one to rethink the old .

‘ You might have a sales order processing system sitting on one computer ; once an order has been processed , it sends a message to an inventory system on another computer , which checks whether the item is there , and if it is initiates the shipment , or if not may request the supply of the item by sending a message to a third system .
‘ you might have a sales order processing system sitting on one computer ; once an order has been processed , it sends a message to an inventory system on another computer , which checks whether the item is there , and if it is [starts] the shipment , or if not may request the supply of the item by sending a message to a third system .

Pre-service preparation initiates the prospective teacher into the basics of professional activity .
pre-service preparation [starts] the prospective teacher into the basics of professional activity .

Two central questions arise : what initiates the formation of the actin cable , and what activates its contraction and the associated cell rearrangements ?
two central questions arise : what [starts] the formation of the actin cable , and what activates its contraction and the associated cell rearrangements ?

When no valid secrets really exist , mysteries are invented or contrived to which privileged initiates are admitted … .
when no valid secrets really exist , mysteries are invented or contrived to which privileged [starts] are admitted … .

it is really very difficult to stick to a principle when the form of capital can be changed about in the many forms that modern complex conditions will allow … the thing is to look at the spirit which initiates these particular forms of thrift on the part of people .
it is really very difficult to stick to a principle when the form of capital can be changed about in the many forms that modern complex conditions will allow … the thing is to look at the spirit which [starts] these particular forms of thrift on the part of people .

The British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Reporter in those decades must have been dull or impenetrable to all but the dwindling band of initiates .
the british and foreign anti-slavery reporter in those decades must have been dull or impenetrable to all but the dwindling band of [starts] .

These Ghosts wear the insignia of Liadriel and are dressed as Initiates .
these ghosts wear the insignia of liadriel and are dressed as [starts] .

Liliana Cojacaru creates a huge urban settlement , which initiates mankind 's good and peaceful actions , a kind of general headquarters of quiet and security .
liliana cojacaru creates a huge urban settlement , which [starts] mankind 's good and peaceful actions , a kind of general headquarters of quiet and security .

Some Romanians claim ( not unreasonably though without evidence ) that Nicolae and Elena Ceauşescu were diabolists who had arranged for certain black magical and other superstitious figures to be carved in the decorations of the Casa Republicii or hidden in the overall design and visible only to other satanic initiates of the occult .
some romanians claim ( not unreasonably though without evidence ) that nicolae and elena ceauşescu were diabolists who had arranged for certain black magical and other superstitious figures to be carved in the decorations of the casa republicii or hidden in the overall design and visible only to other satanic [starts] of the occult .

The individual who initiates and manages change .
the individual who [starts] and manages change .

Nor as yet , to Lexandro 's regret , the holy Reclusiam , home of the chapter 's most sacred relics and trophies ; only initiates might step in there .
nor as yet , to lexandro 's regret , the holy reclusiam , home of the chapter 's most sacred relics and trophies ; only [starts] might step in there .

For the first time the new initiates beheld the inner chapel , of cloudy veined marble , to the Emperor Deified — vermilion threads in the milky crystalline limestone were like His agonised psychic sendings that pierced the veils of luminous nebulae .
for the first time the new [starts] beheld the inner chapel , of cloudy veined marble , to the emperor deified — vermilion threads in the milky crystalline limestone were like his agonised psychic sendings that pierced the veils of luminous nebulae .

The initiates all kneeled , staring at those great bones within that jaundiced false-fossil resinous flesh .
the [starts] all kneeled , staring at those great bones within that jaundiced false-fossil resinous flesh .

Rising , he turned to the initiates and raised that cup , now glowing .
rising , he turned to the [starts] and raised that cup , now glowing .

As he bore the hot chalice along the row of initiates , so each in turn inhaled a heady , strangely fragrant whiff .
as he bore the hot chalice along the row of [starts] , so each in turn inhaled a heady , strangely fragrant whiff .

Perhaps the strangest talisman — and one ( or should one say many … ? ) which made those initiates feel themselves intimately a part of the Fists — was kept in a long crypt below the Reclusiam , reached by a dropshaft which would incinerate anyone who did not sport a Black Carapace beneath their skin .
perhaps the strangest talisman — and one ( or should one say many … ? ) which made those [starts] feel themselves intimately a part of the fists — was kept in a long crypt below the reclusiam , reached by a dropshaft which would incinerate anyone who did not sport a black carapace beneath their skin .

What sacred game was played out on this floor ? What arcane divinations were performed here ? What horoscopy or even psychic sorcery in extremis might be enacted in this crypt ? The initiates already realized that here were secrets unutterable outside the confines of the Reclusiam — innermost secrets which they themselves might wish never to know .
what sacred game was played out on this floor ? what arcane divinations were performed here ? what horoscopy or even psychic sorcery in extremis might be enacted in this crypt ? the [starts] already realized that here were secrets unutterable outside the confines of the reclusiam — innermost secrets which they themselves might wish never to know .

This would seem to run counter to the idea that receptor activation initiates a cascade of diverging biochemical pathways that conspire to produce an effect ( cell division , in this case ) ; and it seems to require that multiple kinases phosphorylate a small number of substrates , which , in turn , feed signals into a smaller number of Ras activators .
this would seem to run counter to the idea that receptor activation [starts] a cascade of diverging biochemical pathways that conspire to produce an effect ( cell division , in this case ) ; and it seems to require that multiple kinases phosphorylate a small number of substrates , which , in turn , feed signals into a smaller number of ras activators .

Because sentencing is viewed by magistrates as a craft or mystery , whose rites are known only to initiates , ( as opposed to a rational enterprise dedicated to the pursuit of externally defined goals ) , this renders it both impervious to criticism from outside , and highly resistant to attempts at external control .
because sentencing is viewed by magistrates as a craft or mystery , whose rites are known only to [starts] , ( as opposed to a rational enterprise dedicated to the pursuit of externally defined goals ) , this renders it both impervious to criticism from outside , and highly resistant to attempts at external control .

The Spirit initiates mission
the spirit [starts] mission

The Spirit initiates us
the spirit [starts] us

Joyous fellowship , too , is a mark of the new life which the Spirit initiates in us ( 1:3,4 ) , and so is the experience of answered prayer ( 5:14 ) .
joyous fellowship , too , is a mark of the new life which the spirit [starts] in us ( 1:3,4 ) , and so is the experience of answered prayer ( 5:14 ) .

He initiates prayer within us on at least three other levels .
he [starts] prayer within us on at least three other levels .

This image of copulation serves as a linguistic act of ‘ insemination ’ which initiates a period of gestation and provokes a reference to giving birth toward the end of the chapter .
this image of copulation serves as a linguistic act of ‘ insemination ’ which [starts] a period of gestation and provokes a reference to giving birth toward the end of the chapter .

Furthermore , when visiting our local dominance and submission sex club , we are warned that ‘ master/mistress never initiates eye contact with another 's slave ’ .
furthermore , when visiting our local dominance and submission sex club , we are warned that ‘ master/mistress never [starts] eye contact with another 's slave ’ .

Initiates into these clubs did undertake to join in deeds most foule to Christian Man .
[starts] into these clubs did undertake to join in deeds most foule to christian man .

It can reflect an academic ideology , seeing the student programme of study as a narrow training which initiates the student into the world of research .
it can reflect an academic ideology , seeing the student programme of study as a narrow training which [starts] the student into the world of research .

And the physis that is being organized for it in technology can , through all its political and factual reality , only be produced in that image sphere to which [ surrealist ] profane illumination initiates us .
and the physis that is being organized for it in technology can , through all its political and factual reality , only be produced in that image sphere to which [ surrealist ] profane illumination [starts] us .

If McAlpine initiates the action it is marginally more likely that the Consortium could win costs against the company if McAlpine lost .
if mcalpine [starts] the action it is marginally more likely that the consortium could win costs against the company if mcalpine lost .

This book treats cooking neither as a mystery for initiates nor as a skill only the mentally deficient will not have mastered intuitively .
this book treats cooking neither as a mystery for [starts] nor as a skill only the mentally deficient will not have mastered intuitively .

When the larvated egg is the infective form , the host initiates hatching after ingestion by providing stimuli for the larva which then completes the process .
when the larvated egg is the infective form , the host [starts] hatching after ingestion by providing stimuli for the larva which then completes the process .

Will historians be able to reconstruct administrative activity if all that is preserved is the document which initiates that activity and the final formal reply ?
will historians be able to reconstruct administrative activity if all that is preserved is the document which [starts] that activity and the final formal reply ?

He forbids divorce , but implicitly accepts that it is a man who initiates divorce , ‘ the man who divorces his wife … ‘ .
he forbids divorce , but implicitly accepts that it is a man who [starts] divorce , ‘ the man who divorces his wife … ‘ .

When he initiates a new advertising campaign he takes a risk .
when he [starts] a new advertising campaign he takes a risk .

The Profitboss initiates policies and practices that ensure all employees are consistently treated .
the profitboss [starts] policies and practices that ensure all employees are consistently treated .

Initiates rather than completes .
[starts] rather than completes .

We therefore modify each transput instruction so that it merely initiates an operation ( such as to print a digit on the electric typewriter ) , and allow the control unit immediately to continue with the next and subsequent instructions while the transput operation is being carried out .
we therefore modify each transput instruction so that it merely [starts] an operation ( such as to print a digit on the electric typewriter ) , and allow the control unit immediately to continue with the next and subsequent instructions while the transput operation is being carried out .

It provides a more synchronous population than in vivo mating because fertilization , which initiates development ( 8 ) , can be timed precisely .
it provides a more synchronous population than in vivo mating because fertilization , which [starts] development ( 8 ) , can be timed precisely .

The European Commission initiates policy .
the european commission [starts] policy .

Typically there will be a warrior set , composed of those of the suitable age for fighting , while beneath them , in both age and status , will be a set of initiates .
typically there will be a warrior set , composed of those of the suitable age for fighting , while beneath them , in both age and status , will be a set of [starts] .

This squirt of wheelspin which initiates the final turning phase is barely visible ; the turning is all over and done with by the time the speculator broadslides complete the rider 's acceleration out of the corner .
this squirt of wheelspin which [starts] the final turning phase is barely visible ; the turning is all over and done with by the time the speculator broadslides complete the rider 's acceleration out of the corner .

This can be attributed to a number of factors : the increased availability of street heroin in Wirral during the early 1980s ; the periodic droughts of pot and speed at around about the same time ( some of the users suggested a direct relation between these phenomena ) ; the existence of large numbers of users initiated in the 1978–81 period who acted both as models to emulate and who were also probably the first dealers the new initiates came into contact with .
this can be attributed to a number of factors : the increased availability of street heroin in wirral during the early 1980s ; the periodic droughts of pot and speed at around about the same time ( some of the users suggested a direct relation between these phenomena ) ; the existence of large numbers of users initiated in the 1978–81 period who acted both as models to emulate and who were also probably the first dealers the new [starts] came into contact with .

When asked who initiates contact , almost nine in ten businesses said contact is always initiated by them and there is no evidence that this varies with the size of the business concerned ( see table 6 ) .
when asked who [starts] contact , almost nine in ten businesses said contact is always initiated by them and there is no evidence that this varies with the size of the business concerned ( see table 6 ) .

At the time that Offline initiates the offline workload , this Operator Terminal must not be in use by any other process .
at the time that offline [starts] the offline workload , this operator terminal must not be in use by any other process .

Then , just at the moment when the full sacrilege of what happened is described , there is a change of tone as Rolle initiates the seventh rhyme scheme chiming with ryng , and refocuses the actions of hideous brutality as the means by which the voluntary ring-dance of love is patterned .
then , just at the moment when the full sacrilege of what happened is described , there is a change of tone as rolle [starts] the seventh rhyme scheme chiming with ryng , and refocuses the actions of hideous brutality as the means by which the voluntary ring-dance of love is patterned .

an initiating member , who initiates the particular process .
an initiating member , who [starts] the particular process .

The downcounter then generates a retard signal , which initiates the change in phase sequence required to decelerate the motor to the target .
the downcounter then generates a retard signal , which [starts] the change in phase sequence required to decelerate the motor to the target .

It was their job to instill respect into these 50 young initiates — respect and the essential knowledge of womanhood : bitter knowledge ; sweet knowledge .
it was their job to instill respect into these 50 young [starts] — respect and the essential knowledge of womanhood : bitter knowledge ; sweet knowledge .

EWOs are also involved with the families of children who have special educational needs , and in some LEAs they deliver to parents the ‘ Section 5 Letter ’ which initiates the formal assessment procedure for such children ( see Chapter 13 ) .
ewos are also involved with the families of children who have special educational needs , and in some leas they deliver to parents the ‘ section 5 letter ’ which [starts] the formal assessment procedure for such children ( see chapter 13 ) .

Dec. 10 Algerian President Chadli initiates Arab mediation effort , but Saudis on Dec. 16 refuse to see him .
dec. 10 algerian president chadli [starts] arab mediation effort , but saudis on dec. 16 refuse to see him .

Dionysiac religion was a religion of initiates , < a mystery religion > , and at the centre of its worship was the mystical evocation of nature 's awesome unity , the primal unity concealed by our dismemberment into individuals , and the worshippers ' yearning for a recovery of that unity .
dionysiac religion was a religion of [starts] , < a mystery religion > , and at the centre of its worship was the mystical evocation of nature 's awesome unity , the primal unity concealed by our dismemberment into individuals , and the worshippers ' yearning for a recovery of that unity .

The latter initiates the search at the shelves and the former completes the search at the shelves .
the latter [starts] the search at the shelves and the former completes the search at the shelves .

He proposes that there is an as yet unknown triggering event which initiates an early neutrophil influx .
he proposes that there is an as yet unknown triggering event which [starts] an early neutrophil influx .

Such generative practices structured my early experience , and built a constructed hierarchy of ‘ us ’ and ‘ them ’ which was set up and passed on to all initiates .
such generative practices structured my early experience , and built a constructed hierarchy of ‘ us ’ and ‘ them ’ which was set up and passed on to all [starts] .

It is most beneficial for the novice trainer to read and fully understand one of these excellent books before he initiates his training programme .
it is most beneficial for the novice trainer to read and fully understand one of these excellent books before he [starts] his training programme .

And this is not the only place in The Exile where Pound shows himself restive inside the image of himself that had been built up among initiates by his propaganda of fifteen years before , when he had taken over ‘ imagism ’ and championed Ford Madox Ford 's ideas about a diction for poetry that should be ‘ plain ’ and ‘ direct ’ . At the end of this same issue of The Exile there appears from Pound a page headed ‘ Desideria ’ :
and this is not the only place in the exile where pound shows himself restive inside the image of himself that had been built up among [starts] by his propaganda of fifteen years before , when he had taken over ‘ imagism ’ and championed ford madox ford 's ideas about a diction for poetry that should be ‘ plain ’ and ‘ direct ’ . at the end of this same issue of the exile there appears from pound a page headed ‘ desideria ’ :

It underlies and initiates the changes seen in development .
it underlies and [starts] the changes seen in development .

At other times it is suddenly exciting , as a new discovery is made or a sensitive teacher initiates a new game just as the last activity begins to pall .
at other times it is suddenly exciting , as a new discovery is made or a sensitive teacher [starts] a new game just as the last activity begins to pall .

On the other hand , Peter initiates the next conversation by asking the question .
on the other hand , peter [starts] the next conversation by asking the question .

The Masonic Religion should be by all of us initiates of the high degrees maintained in the purity of the Luciferian doctrine .
the masonic religion should be by all of us [starts] of the high degrees maintained in the purity of the luciferian doctrine .

The Royal Commission on Environmental Pollution drew a distinction between two aspects of planning : that which the local planning authority initiates and that to which it responds .
the royal commission on environmental pollution drew a distinction between two aspects of planning : that which the local planning authority [starts] and that to which it responds .

Simons claims that this work provides the first reliable description of how an animal virus enters the cell and initiates infection .
simons claims that this work provides the first reliable description of how an animal virus enters the cell and [starts] infection .

Another dancer , sometimes a small boy , will represent El Toro ( the bull ) , who initiates a bullfight with El Abuelo and is slain .
another dancer , sometimes a small boy , will represent el toro ( the bull ) , who [starts] a bullfight with el abuelo and is slain .

It defines membership in the American nation , it brings the principle of equality to the fore , and it initiates the process of extending the franchise to virtually all adult citizens .
it defines membership in the american nation , it brings the principle of equality to the fore , and it [starts] the process of extending the franchise to virtually all adult citizens .

Then , the social planner initiates the first-period plan , making the first set of objects .
then , the social planner [starts] the first-period plan , making the first set of objects .

As the power stroke initiates , the working gas expands and starts to cool .
as the power stroke [starts] , the working gas expands and starts to cool .

These rituals were undertaken by a small number of initiates who controlled the knowledge of the Maya .
these rituals were undertaken by a small number of [starts] who controlled the knowledge of the maya .

Eleusis was home to the Sanctuary of Demeter and the Eleusian Mysteries — a series of complex and enigmatic rituals only performed by initiates of the order .
eleusis was home to the sanctuary of demeter and the eleusian mysteries — a series of complex and enigmatic rituals only performed by [starts] of the order .

Annual celebrations to Demeter took place in Athens each September , with a public festival and a secret religious rite that transformed chosen followers into initiates of the secrets .
annual celebrations to demeter took place in athens each september , with a public festival and a secret religious rite that transformed chosen followers into [starts] of the secrets .

In Eleusis the sacred way led directly to the Sanctuary of Demeter and a large Temple of Artemis with a forecourt where the initiates would gather in preparation for the procession .
in eleusis the sacred way led directly to the sanctuary of demeter and a large temple of artemis with a forecourt where the [starts] would gather in preparation for the procession .

The Precinct of Demeter lay in a walled complex , and its inner sanctum , the Periklean Telesterion , where only initiates were allowed to enter , sat within the temple .
the precinct of demeter lay in a walled complex , and its inner sanctum , the periklean telesterion , where only [starts] were allowed to enter , sat within the temple .

Where the mysteries of Eleusis were only open to a few initiates , advice from the Oracle at Delphi was open to all .
where the mysteries of eleusis were only open to a few [starts] , advice from the oracle at delphi was open to all .

The relevant portion of §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) prohibits funding of any organization `` that initiates legal representation or participates in any other way , in litigation , lobbying , or rulemaking , involving an effort to reform a Federal or State welfare system , except that this paragraph shall not be construed to preclude a recipient from representing an individual eligible client who is seeking specific relief from a welfare agency if such relief does not involve an effort to amend or otherwise challenge existing law in effect on the date of the initiation of the representation . ''
the relevant portion of §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) prohibits funding of any organization `` that [starts] legal representation or participates in any other way , in litigation , lobbying , or rulemaking , involving an effort to reform a federal or state welfare system , except that this paragraph shall not be construed to preclude a recipient from representing an individual eligible client who is seeking specific relief from a welfare agency if such relief does not involve an effort to amend or otherwise challenge existing law in effect on the date of the initiation of the representation . ''

The community and the DCI 's authorities have become arcane matters , understood only by initiates after long study .
the community and the dci 's authorities have become arcane matters , understood only by [starts] after long study .

Results Glucose Restriction Initiates IPC Development Culture media with high glucose concentrations have been useful for isolating and maintaining progenitor cell populations from the central and peripheral nervous systems [ 14,17 ] and for permitting differentiation by neurogenic cells [ 18 ] .
results glucose restriction [starts] ipc development culture media with high glucose concentrations have been useful for isolating and maintaining progenitor cell populations from the central and peripheral nervous systems [ 14,17 ] and for permitting differentiation by neurogenic cells [ 18 ] .

These data suggest that glucose restriction initiates developmental programs known to promote differentiation of mammalian neural and neuroendocrine cells .
these data suggest that glucose restriction [starts] developmental programs known to promote differentiation of mammalian neural and neuroendocrine cells .

A microbial infection initiates a zymogen cascade that plays a crucial role in the activation of the antimicrobial genes in the fat body .
a microbial infection [starts] a zymogen cascade that plays a crucial role in the activation of the antimicrobial genes in the fat body .

The infectious agent in these diseases is an abnormal conformation of the PrP protein ( PrP Sc ) , which makes it protease-resistant and initiates its aggregation ( Prusiner 1998 ) .
the infectious agent in these diseases is an abnormal conformation of the prp protein ( prp sc ) , which makes it protease-resistant and [starts] its aggregation ( prusiner 1998 ) .

The Heads and Tails of Inside-Out Signaling Mutational studies provided the initial hints that disruption of the non-covalent clasp between α and β cytoplasmic tails is clearly the event within the structure of the integrin that initiates inside-out signaling .
the heads and tails of inside-out signaling mutational studies provided the initial hints that disruption of the non-covalent clasp between α and β cytoplasmic tails is clearly the event within the structure of the integrin that [starts] inside-out signaling .

Ligand occupancy and receptor clustering initiates outside-in signaling that , in turn , regulates a variety of cellular responses ( see below ) .
ligand occupancy and receptor clustering [starts] outside-in signaling that , in turn , regulates a variety of cellular responses ( see below ) .

These are later tied into bunches and carried back to the homestead to keep the sacred fire burning the whole night and also to be used in other rituals , especially in making the initiates ' beds .
these are later tied into bunches and carried back to the homestead to keep the sacred fire burning the whole night and also to be used in other rituals , especially in making the [starts] ' beds .

This is to give the initiates an opportunity of acquainting themselves with all necessary rules and regulations governing social relationship between men and women .
this is to give the [starts] an opportunity of acquainting themselves with all necessary rules and regulations governing social relationship between men and women .

The initiates promise by this oath that from this day onward they will in every respect deport themselves like adults and take an responsibilities in the welfare of the community , and that they will not lag behind whenever called upon to perform any service or duty in the protection and advancement of the tribe as a whole .
the [starts] promise by this oath that from this day onward they will in every respect deport themselves like adults and take an responsibilities in the welfare of the community , and that they will not lag behind whenever called upon to perform any service or duty in the protection and advancement of the tribe as a whole .

Moreover , the phrases embodied in these songs are to encourage the initiates to become worthy and honourable members of the adult community into which they are to be graduated .
moreover , the phrases embodied in these songs are to encourage the [starts] to become worthy and honourable members of the adult community into which they are to be graduated .

The initiates are guarded the whole night by senior warriors against outside interference .
the [starts] are guarded the whole night by senior warriors against outside interference .

In every home a ceremonial doctor ( mondo-mogo wa mambura ) is assigned by the traditional council ( njama ya kirera ) to protect the initiates against any possible attacks from witchcraft and also against any temptation or enticement to indulge in sexual intercourse .
in every home a ceremonial doctor ( mondo-mogo wa mambura ) is assigned by the traditional council ( njama ya kirera ) to protect the [starts] against any possible attacks from witchcraft and also against any temptation or enticement to indulge in sexual intercourse .

The initiates address one another as `` Wanyu-Wakine , '' which means `` My tribal brother or sister . ''
the [starts] address one another as `` wanyu-wakine , '' which means `` my tribal brother or sister . ''

Flustered but suffused with good-natured liberal heartiness , Levy initiates a series of `` father-son '' talks that are among the most excruciating ever filmed .
flustered but suffused with good-natured liberal heartiness , levy [starts] a series of `` father-son '' talks that are among the most excruciating ever filmed .

Unfortunately , it is often the death of a law enforcement officer that initiates the process .
unfortunately , it is often the death of a law enforcement officer that [starts] the process .

I use a utility that initiates searches on many search engines simultaneously and rarely fails to locate what I 'm after .
i use a utility that [starts] searches on many search engines simultaneously and rarely fails to locate what i 'm after .

The Feb. 2 issue of Fortune magazine initiates a feature called the `` Fortune 40 . ''
the feb. 2 issue of fortune magazine [starts] a feature called the `` fortune 40 . ''

In 1933 García Lorca gave a lecture in Buenos Aires on the Teoría y Juego del Duende ( ` Theory and Play of Duende ' ) , which has become the bible of the initiates .
in 1933 garcía lorca gave a lecture in buenos aires on the teoría y juego del duende ( ` theory and play of duende ' ) , which has become the bible of the [starts] .

