In the new process impurities present in the solvent ( benzene ) , the monomer , and in the reaction system which would cause deactivation of propagation centers , are rendered inactive prior to polymerization by gradual addition of initiator , a mixture of butyl-lithium and telomeric styryl-lithium , at a temperature low enough to suppress chain growth .
in the new process impurities present in the solvent ( benzene ) , the monomer , and in the reaction system which would cause deactivation of propagation centers , are rendered inactive prior to polymerization by gradual addition of [starter] , a mixture of butyl-lithium and telomeric styryl-lithium , at a temperature low enough to suppress chain growth .

Upon completion of the purging step , additional initiator appropriate for the molecular weight of the sample desired is added , and the system is then warmed to the polymerization temperature , at which the reaction is allowed to go to completion .
upon completion of the purging step , additional [starter] appropriate for the molecular weight of the sample desired is added , and the system is then warmed to the polymerization temperature , at which the reaction is allowed to go to completion .

The man of reason is becoming reconciled to admitting that the function of his reason is critical , that it is not itself the initiator of what it judges to be best in him .
the man of reason is becoming reconciled to admitting that the function of his reason is critical , that it is not itself the [starter] of what it judges to be best in him .

An initiator transforms a normal cell into the seed of a growing cancer ; it is a necessary but not sufficient factor for malignant change .
an [starter] transforms a normal cell into the seed of a growing cancer ; it is a necessary but not sufficient factor for malignant change .

In Krashen 's theory , acquisition is the grand initiator of messages and the prime mover in communication .
in krashen 's theory , acquisition is the grand [starter] of messages and the prime mover in communication .

Hugh , therefore , had been an initiator of the new policy even before its official promulgation .
hugh , therefore , had been an [starter] of the new policy even before its official promulgation .

The task of the teacher within the primary school is essentially to be a creative initiator of situations from which and in which children will learn .
the task of the teacher within the primary school is essentially to be a creative [starter] of situations from which and in which children will learn .

Specially recruited supervisory staff could be paid for by the local authority or by some other scheme initiator .
specially recruited supervisory staff could be paid for by the local authority or by some other scheme [starter] .

And , in addition , there are dozens of other autonomous voluntary groups , many operating only in one locality , launched by the enthusiasm of a single initiator , as well as certain quite large national organizations focusing on one type of disorder , such as Alcoholics Anonymous .
and , in addition , there are dozens of other autonomous voluntary groups , many operating only in one locality , launched by the enthusiasm of a single [starter] , as well as certain quite large national organizations focusing on one type of disorder , such as alcoholics anonymous .

When the right of control and transfer is conveyed , the holder relies on the same method of notification by which he was made a holder , except that he will be the initiator of the message to the carrier , and will need to await the carrier 's confirmation before the transfer process can be set in motion .
when the right of control and transfer is conveyed , the holder relies on the same method of notification by which he was made a holder , except that he will be the [starter] of the message to the carrier , and will need to await the carrier 's confirmation before the transfer process can be set in motion .

For the initiator has the enmity of all who would profit by the preservation of the old institutions .
for the [starter] has the enmity of all who would profit by the preservation of the old institutions .

In other cases the split between central government as a policy initiator and local government in the role of implementer produces a situation in which central intentions appear to be thwarted by local scarcities .
in other cases the split between central government as a policy [starter] and local government in the role of implementer produces a situation in which central intentions appear to be thwarted by local scarcities .

Ever an initiator , Jo took the work out to a range of different audiences .
ever an [starter] , jo took the work out to a range of different audiences .

The various multi-individual influences on the purchase decision take the form of a number of roles which are : *the initiator — who originates the purchase process , having given expression to the need or want that motivates it .
the various multi-individual influences on the purchase decision take the form of a number of roles which are : *the [starter] — who originates the purchase process , having given expression to the need or want that motivates it .

’ The resulting radical pollution control programme outlined by Nixon , calling for a 90 per cent reduction in vehicle emissions by 1980 , not only led to him being credited ( albeit briefly ) as policy initiator of an environmental clean-up but also provided him with the chance to deal a blow to one of his most important opponents in the 1972 elections , Edmund Muskie .
’ the resulting radical pollution control programme outlined by nixon , calling for a 90 per cent reduction in vehicle emissions by 1980 , not only led to him being credited ( albeit briefly ) as policy [starter] of an environmental clean-up but also provided him with the chance to deal a blow to one of his most important opponents in the 1972 elections , edmund muskie .

Government itself was rarely the active initiator in the move to criminalize immorality .
government itself was rarely the active [starter] in the move to criminalize immorality .

At this point , Kost met Dr. Frank Buchman , the initiator of Moral Re-Armament .
at this point , kost met dr. frank buchman , the [starter] of moral re-armament .

This systematic approach has now reached the stage that Filedt Kok , Schatborn and the initiator , Laurentius , feel that the time is ripe to publish their findings and the conclusions which can be drawn from them .
this systematic approach has now reached the stage that filedt kok , schatborn and the [starter] , laurentius , feel that the time is ripe to publish their findings and the conclusions which can be drawn from them .

Widdowson ( 1983 ) suggests that this planning process can be seen as a `` covert interaction `` in which the writer plays the role of both the initiator and recipient of the discourse ( i.e .
widdowson ( 1983 ) suggests that this planning process can be seen as a `` covert interaction `` in which the writer plays the role of both the [starter] and recipient of the discourse ( i.e .

It is used to detect amino end groups in nylons dissolved in m-cresol , by titration with methanolic perchloric acid solution , and can be applied to vinyl polymers if an initiator fragment , perhaps containing halogen , is attached to the end of the chain .
it is used to detect amino end groups in nylons dissolved in m-cresol , by titration with methanolic perchloric acid solution , and can be applied to vinyl polymers if an [starter] fragment , perhaps containing halogen , is attached to the end of the chain .

The initiator of change can not , in the face of reluctance or merely token activity , be confident that every participant will end up as an active and confident partner .
the [starter] of change can not , in the face of reluctance or merely token activity , be confident that every participant will end up as an active and confident partner .

Nor , in an atmosphere of reluctance , can the initiator be confident that a participator 's initial dependence on other people 's ideas and energy will in due course be turned into well-informed independence .
nor , in an atmosphere of reluctance , can the [starter] be confident that a participator 's initial dependence on other people 's ideas and energy will in due course be turned into well-informed independence .

To move quickly into the management of new policies in a school carries the advantage that an innovation can be explained to others , defended or modified by the decision only of the initiator himself .
to move quickly into the management of new policies in a school carries the advantage that an innovation can be explained to others , defended or modified by the decision only of the [starter] himself .

As the initiator of the contact , the tone of the encounter , the degree of relaxation , ease and good humour , depends On you .
as the [starter] of the contact , the tone of the encounter , the degree of relaxation , ease and good humour , depends on you .

If that is so he might almost be considered the initiator of scholasticism with its dialectic method .
if that is so he might almost be considered the [starter] of scholasticism with its dialectic method .

Again , when the Irishman Scotus Eriugena , one of the two finest minds of the ninth century ( the other was Gottschalk , close student of Augustine 's works and initiator of the controversy on predestination ) , translated from Greek into Latin the Heavenly Hierarchy of Pseudo-Denis ( c .860 ) , he might at first sight have been engaged in something purely academic .
again , when the irishman scotus eriugena , one of the two finest minds of the ninth century ( the other was gottschalk , close student of augustine 's works and [starter] of the controversy on predestination ) , translated from greek into latin the heavenly hierarchy of pseudo-denis ( c .860 ) , he might at first sight have been engaged in something purely academic .

It should be clear to most people that the Franco-German axis is the main initiator of these plans .
it should be clear to most people that the franco-german axis is the main [starter] of these plans .

On six occasions the attack resulted in the initiator gaining the female .
on six occasions the attack resulted in the [starter] gaining the female .

For instance , since nitric acid on water droplets in the polar clouds is an important initiator of ozone loss , the NOx level is crucial .
for instance , since nitric acid on water droplets in the polar clouds is an important [starter] of ozone loss , the nox level is crucial .

‘ We wanted to make the Cabaret Voltaire a focal point of the ‘ newest art ’ , although we did not neglect , from time to time , to tell the fat and utterly uncomprehending Zurich philistines that we regarded them as pigs and the German Kaiser as the initiator of the war … The Cabaret Voltaire group were all artists in the sense that they were keenly sensitive to newly developed artistic possibilities … In that period as we danced , sang and recited night after night in the Cabaret Voltaire , abstract art was for us tantamount to absolute honour .
‘ we wanted to make the cabaret voltaire a focal point of the ‘ newest art ’ , although we did not neglect , from time to time , to tell the fat and utterly uncomprehending zurich philistines that we regarded them as pigs and the german kaiser as the [starter] of the war … the cabaret voltaire group were all artists in the sense that they were keenly sensitive to newly developed artistic possibilities … in that period as we danced , sang and recited night after night in the cabaret voltaire , abstract art was for us tantamount to absolute honour .

The teacher is the initiator of many of the activities which lead towards number .
the teacher is the [starter] of many of the activities which lead towards number .

The more mature child will be the initiator of imaginative play with boxes , planks and tyres , knowing from past games that certain boxes will fit together and a particular plank will bridge a gap .
the more mature child will be the [starter] of imaginative play with boxes , planks and tyres , knowing from past games that certain boxes will fit together and a particular plank will bridge a gap .

In the end , it should not be our desire but rather the consciously felt will of our true nature , free of emotional entanglement , that remains as the sole initiator of our action .
in the end , it should not be our desire but rather the consciously felt will of our true nature , free of emotional entanglement , that remains as the sole [starter] of our action .

The intellectual mind is the product of the brain and the initiator of thought but its passion for analysis and argument often ends up shedding confusion , rather than light , on any subject .
the intellectual mind is the product of the brain and the [starter] of thought but its passion for analysis and argument often ends up shedding confusion , rather than light , on any subject .

Tumour ‘ promoters ’ are substances such as the phorbolesters that are n't carcinogenic by themselves but encourage the growth of malignant tumours in cells that have previously been exposed to a low dose of a true carcinogen ( known as an initiator ) .
tumour ‘ promoters ’ are substances such as the phorbolesters that are n't carcinogenic by themselves but encourage the growth of malignant tumours in cells that have previously been exposed to a low dose of a true carcinogen ( known as an [starter] ) .

Following swelling of the polymer beads , free-radical addition polymerisation is activated by using heat , with benzoyl peroxide as the initiator .
following swelling of the polymer beads , free-radical addition polymerisation is activated by using heat , with benzoyl peroxide as the [starter] .

Thus man `` should be the initiator because of [ his ] stronger sex drive , '' while `` the role of the woman is to respond . ''
thus man `` should be the [starter] because of [ his ] stronger sex drive , '' while `` the role of the woman is to respond . ''

The 10 written questions that accompany each speech are of the sort I have n't seen since sixth-grade reading comprehension : `` How [ according to Rep. Jennifer Dunn of Washington ] do you become an Initiator , Innovator , and Leader ? ''
the 10 written questions that accompany each speech are of the sort i have n't seen since sixth-grade reading comprehension : `` how [ according to rep. jennifer dunn of washington ] do you become an [starter] , innovator , and leader ? ''

