yet they supported the Eisenhower administration which will cost a small state like ours approximately five million dollars ( matched incidentally by a federal grant ) to initiate .
yet they supported the eisenhower administration which will cost a small state like ours approximately five million dollars ( matched incidentally by a federal grant ) to [start] .

But what could the Eichmann Trial initiate ? ?
but what could the eichmann trial [start] ? ?

However , the system is designed , ingeniously and hopefully , so that no one man could initiate a thermonuclear war .
however , the system is designed , ingeniously and hopefully , so that no one man could [start] a thermonuclear war .

They initiate campaigns , so to speak , even if this initiation is diffused among them , and their concerted action only psychologically organized .
they [start] campaigns , so to speak , even if this initiation is diffused among them , and their concerted action only psychologically organized .

The doctor paid the bill and they repaired to the hotel , room number nine , to initiate Alex further into these undertakings .
the doctor paid the bill and they repaired to the hotel , room number nine , to [start] alex further into these undertakings .

After Mr Runciman had complained that it appeared the firm was acting on privileged information , Mr Malcolm had instructed his salesmen not to initiate any further sales .
after mr runciman had complained that it appeared the firm was acting on privileged information , mr malcolm had instructed his salesmen not to [start] any further sales .

That is why we at Connoisseurs Scotland , who try to practice what we preach , warmly welcomed Scottish Secretary Ian Lang 's decision to initiate the current review of the future promotion of Scottish tourism .
that is why we at connoisseurs scotland , who try to practice what we preach , warmly welcomed scottish secretary ian lang 's decision to [start] the current review of the future promotion of scottish tourism .

initiate new developments , where resources permit .
[start] new developments , where resources permit .

Use the legs and feet to initiate movement .
use the legs and feet to [start] movement .

In this country , age-related factors such as ill health and retirement may initiate a move to climatically favoured areas such as the south-coast resorts .
in this country , age-related factors such as ill health and retirement may [start] a move to climatically favoured areas such as the south-coast resorts .

Farrel mimicked Lowell 's pedantic voice inside his head , but he had n't the guts to initiate a confrontation .
farrel mimicked lowell 's pedantic voice inside his head , but he had n't the guts to [start] a confrontation .

The Act allows , for the first time , children to initiate proceedings and instruct a solicitor to make court applications independently .
the act allows , for the first time , children to [start] proceedings and instruct a solicitor to make court applications independently .

Instead of using the British presidency to initiate Europe-wide action to counter recession and attack unemployment , Mr Major had been engaged in ‘ word games about subsidiarity ’ , said Mr Smith .
instead of using the british presidency to [start] europe-wide action to counter recession and attack unemployment , mr major had been engaged in ‘ word games about subsidiarity ’ , said mr smith .

The Act allows children , for the first time , to initiate proceedings and instruct a solicitor to make applications to court .
the act allows children , for the first time , to [start] proceedings and instruct a solicitor to make applications to court .

It could only have been relatively cool gases that could initiate accretion processes .
it could only have been relatively cool gases that could [start] accretion processes .

One major response , of particular relevance to understanding how executives can initiate and implement corporate crime , is called the ‘ conforming deviant ’ .
one major response , of particular relevance to understanding how executives can [start] and implement corporate crime , is called the ‘ conforming deviant ’ .

So far , the explanation of corporate crime has concentrated on the specific long-term goal-orientated feature of corporations and the personnel who might become suited knights ambitiously pursuing the Holy Grail of profits , and who would , if necessary , be willing to initiate and execute crimes for the good of the corporation .
so far , the explanation of corporate crime has concentrated on the specific long-term goal-orientated feature of corporations and the personnel who might become suited knights ambitiously pursuing the holy grail of profits , and who would , if necessary , be willing to [start] and execute crimes for the good of the corporation .

Although they all have powers either to initiate or recommend criminal prosecution , they are primarily designed to be regulatory bodies whose main weapon against corporate misbehaviour is administrative , i.e. ( occasional ) inspection coupled with ( polite ) correspondence .
although they all have powers either to [start] or recommend criminal prosecution , they are primarily designed to be regulatory bodies whose main weapon against corporate misbehaviour is administrative , i.e. ( occasional ) inspection coupled with ( polite ) correspondence .

For the inspectorate tended to initiate a prosecution only against firms who had ‘ unsatisfactory attitudes ’ ; others whose violations were seen to stem from adverse economic circumstances , or from some other extenuating condition were not prosecuted .
for the inspectorate tended to [start] a prosecution only against firms who had ‘ unsatisfactory attitudes ’ ; others whose violations were seen to stem from adverse economic circumstances , or from some other extenuating condition were not prosecuted .

Talented hurdler Ambuscade finally broke his Flat duck at the 22nd attempt to initiate a 34-1 double for Kevin Darley .
talented hurdler ambuscade finally broke his flat duck at the 22nd attempt to [start] a 34-1 double for kevin darley .

The ability to initiate and carry out emergency procedures effectively and as appropriate .
the ability to [start] and carry out emergency procedures effectively and as appropriate .

Review the effectiveness of the nursing care provided and where appropriate , initiate any action which may be required .
review the effectiveness of the nursing care provided and where appropriate , [start] any action which may be required .

The preparation of the ‘ new ’ nurse proposed by Project 2000 will reflect and build on this trend of helping people to initiate and promote healthy lifestyles .
the preparation of the ‘ new ’ nurse proposed by project 2000 will reflect and build on this trend of helping people to [start] and promote healthy lifestyles .

Although the two are separate , they must be considered as clearly linked : if the use of a weapon is illegal in any or certain circumstances , then it is illegal to initiate a conflict by using it .
although the two are separate , they must be considered as clearly linked : if the use of a weapon is illegal in any or certain circumstances , then it is illegal to [start] a conflict by using it .

In practical terms , whether one has realistic access to the power to initiate a legislative proposal may be as important as whether , once a proposal is initiated , one has a say in whether it is adopted or not .
in practical terms , whether one has realistic access to the power to [start] a legislative proposal may be as important as whether , once a proposal is initiated , one has a say in whether it is adopted or not .

( a ) Private Bills Anyone may initiate legislation in Parliament by means of a Private Bill .
( a ) private bills anyone may [start] legislation in parliament by means of a private bill .

Private Members can initiate Bills in two ways : as a result of success in the ballot ; or under the ‘ 10 minute ’ rule .
private members can [start] bills in two ways : as a result of success in the ballot ; or under the ‘ 10 minute ’ rule .

In international law the individual normally lacks the right to initiate any proceedings on his own behalf for the vindication of any ‘ rights ’ apparently vested in him .
in international law the individual normally lacks the right to [start] any proceedings on his own behalf for the vindication of any ‘ rights ’ apparently vested in him .

As you remove paint from the tin , air will replace it and initiate the drying of the remaining paint .
as you remove paint from the tin , air will replace it and [start] the drying of the remaining paint .

Do n't initiate new ideas within a relationship , because they are n't likely to succeed : wait until next month .
do n't [start] new ideas within a relationship , because they are n't likely to succeed : wait until next month .

Quite clearly it was for me to initiate action to ensure that all aircraft of that type were checked for similar fractures at the earliest possible moment , but the responsibility for ordering such an inspection lies with the airworthiness authorities of the States in which the aircraft were registered and not with the accident investigation authorities .
quite clearly it was for me to [start] action to ensure that all aircraft of that type were checked for similar fractures at the earliest possible moment , but the responsibility for ordering such an inspection lies with the airworthiness authorities of the states in which the aircraft were registered and not with the accident investigation authorities .

It will contact your vehicle and remotely , initiate a chain of events which will ultimately bring the vehicle to a halt , enabling recovery .
it will contact your vehicle and remotely , [start] a chain of events which will ultimately bring the vehicle to a halt , enabling recovery .

As you remove paint from the tin , air will replace it and initiate the drying of the remaining paint .
as you remove paint from the tin , air will replace it and [start] the drying of the remaining paint .

The council will not initiate a wholesale naming of roundabouts , but will consider any request to have one named .
the council will not [start] a wholesale naming of roundabouts , but will consider any request to have one named .

However , old people who need help do not initiate such schemes .
however , old people who need help do not [start] such schemes .

With model aircraft , the usual method is to initiate a roll by use of the ailerons or the rudder/dihedral couple and then apply elevator to pull the model round .
with model aircraft , the usual method is to [start] a roll by use of the ailerons or the rudder/dihedral couple and then apply elevator to pull the model round .

First of all , some forward cyclic is needed to initiate the forward movement .
first of all , some forward cyclic is needed to [start] the forward movement .

Note that the word used was initiate , not perpetuate .
note that the word used was [start] , not perpetuate .

On the other hand , Major 's strategy so far has been to initiate a secret review of intelligence gathering in Northern Ireland .
on the other hand , major 's strategy so far has been to [start] a secret review of intelligence gathering in northern ireland .

Today , under the leadership of Dr Alberto João Jardim , President of the Autonomous Regional Government , Madeira is responsible for most of the administration of affairs that affect the Region and can initiate legislation in certain areas .
today , under the leadership of dr alberto joão jardim , president of the autonomous regional government , madeira is responsible for most of the administration of affairs that affect the region and can [start] legislation in certain areas .

To clarify these difficulties , the Labour Party has called for the creation of an elected Greater London Authority to initiate strategic development .
to clarify these difficulties , the labour party has called for the creation of an elected greater london authority to [start] strategic development .

Thus the original organizations set up mainly by ‘ outsiders ’ — Mining Awareness ( Galway ) and Mining Awareness ( Mayo ) — were not in fact anti-mining groups , but wished only to initiate public debate .
thus the original organizations set up mainly by ‘ outsiders ’ — mining awareness ( galway ) and mining awareness ( mayo ) — were not in fact anti-mining groups , but wished only to [start] public debate .

He took everything too seriously , and was apt to shoulder all burdens , all responsibilities , to initiate too many schemes for battered women , delinquent children , alcoholics , drug abusers , prostitutes , the old and the destitute .
he took everything too seriously , and was apt to shoulder all burdens , all responsibilities , to [start] too many schemes for battered women , delinquent children , alcoholics , drug abusers , prostitutes , the old and the destitute .

Then , as with reproductive isolation , changed habits can initiate permanent adaptive changes in structure , especially in higher animals by entailing changes in the conditions of foetal maturation .
then , as with reproductive isolation , changed habits can [start] permanent adaptive changes in structure , especially in higher animals by entailing changes in the conditions of foetal maturation .

Jaq knew that she was an initiate of the Callidus Shrine of the Assassins — speciality : cunning — and the experiment in the Callidus medical laboratory perhaps marked a perilous , agonizing zenith of dissimulation .
jaq knew that she was an [start] of the callidus shrine of the assassins — speciality : cunning — and the experiment in the callidus medical laboratory perhaps marked a perilous , agonizing zenith of dissimulation .

By the age of 3 years most children can voluntarily initiate emptying a full bladder and later a partly full bladder .
by the age of 3 years most children can voluntarily [start] emptying a full bladder and later a partly full bladder .

development of conscious ability to postpone or initiate micturition .
development of conscious ability to postpone or [start] micturition .

The referral form is physically passed to the social worker or social work assistant in the allocation process , indicating that it is that person 's responsibility to initiate action on behalf of that client .
the referral form is physically passed to the social worker or social work assistant in the allocation process , indicating that it is that person 's responsibility to [start] action on behalf of that client .

One must take account of the inefficiencies such as the fact that many muons fail to initiate fusions at all , they are produced in an accelerator that has to be kept running and only a fraction of the power input ends up in beams of muons and energy is expended in the motion of the neutrons and alpha particles produced in the fusion reactions .
one must take account of the inefficiencies such as the fact that many muons fail to [start] fusions at all , they are produced in an accelerator that has to be kept running and only a fraction of the power input ends up in beams of muons and energy is expended in the motion of the neutrons and alpha particles produced in the fusion reactions .

It arose from observations of old people who appeared to welcome and initiate increasing isolation as a release from the problems , pressures and difficulties of life .
it arose from observations of old people who appeared to welcome and [start] increasing isolation as a release from the problems , pressures and difficulties of life .

He photographed tiny crystallites in the electron microscope and showed that the shrinkage which accompanied their formation was sufficient to initiate a crack which would spread into the main body of the glass ( Plate 7 ) .
he photographed tiny crystallites in the electron microscope and showed that the shrinkage which accompanied their formation was sufficient to [start] a crack which would spread into the main body of the glass ( plate 7 ) .

In this test the material is in the form of a bar a quarter or a half an inch square and is often provided with a standard notch to initiate failure .
in this test the material is in the form of a bar a quarter or a half an inch square and is often provided with a standard notch to [start] failure .

Of course it would be ideal to have a material in which it was impossible to initiate cracks at all .
of course it would be ideal to have a material in which it was impossible to [start] cracks at all .

Similarly , if the London users want to enquire on the data , they initiate the enquiry on their local computer in the usual way , but behind the scenes the computer sends a message to its counterpart in New York asking for the data , which is then passed back across the network to be displayed on the enquirer 's screen .
similarly , if the london users want to enquire on the data , they [start] the enquiry on their local computer in the usual way , but behind the scenes the computer sends a message to its counterpart in new york asking for the data , which is then passed back across the network to be displayed on the enquirer 's screen .

The ideal of the initiate is to become a ‘ star ’ or one with the Gods ; to achieve union with the natural forces which created him or her .
the ideal of the [start] is to become a ‘ star ’ or one with the gods ; to achieve union with the natural forces which created him or her .

An ancient Hindu amulet and talisman — sign of the Initiate .
an ancient hindu amulet and talisman — sign of the [start] .

There exist seven levels of consciousness to be attained by an Initiate ; seven energy centres or Chakras distribute vital energy throughout the human biophysical system ; seven stages of growth occur during the life cycle , ; light consists of seven primary colours or light frequencies .
there exist seven levels of consciousness to be attained by an [start] ; seven energy centres or chakras distribute vital energy throughout the human biophysical system ; seven stages of growth occur during the life cycle , ; light consists of seven primary colours or light frequencies .

Its esoteric meaning is of the domain of the scholar rather than the layman — of the initiate rather than the priest .
its esoteric meaning is of the domain of the scholar rather than the layman — of the [start] rather than the priest .

As the Serpent is , cosmologically , the symbol of the creative energizing force of the Supreme Spirit , the Swastika is representative of the life-force being set in motion to initiate the cyclic processes of nature .
as the serpent is , cosmologically , the symbol of the creative energizing force of the supreme spirit , the swastika is representative of the life-force being set in motion to [start] the cyclic processes of nature .

It is regarded by the Jains , a branch group of Buddhists , as the emblematic symbol of a perfectly evolved being ( a Sidda , or Initiate ) .
it is regarded by the jains , a branch group of buddhists , as the emblematic symbol of a perfectly evolved being ( a sidda , or [start] ) .

To a Hindu or Buddhist Initiate , ‘ well-being ’ in its highest sense would mean ‘ enlightenment attained ’ .
to a hindu or buddhist [start] , ‘ well-being ’ in its highest sense would mean ‘ enlightenment attained ’ .

Vand — a root word meaning ‘ saluting ’ or ‘ greeting ’ : an acknowledgement of rank or attainment applied in a spiritual context to an Initiate .
vand — a root word meaning ‘ saluting ’ or ‘ greeting ’ : an acknowledgement of rank or attainment applied in a spiritual context to an [start] .

Once the icon has been sufficiently ‘ charged ’ by rituals executed by the priest or initiate , the actual installation and preparation for the activation of an additional electro-magnetic impulse is undertaken .
once the icon has been sufficiently ‘ charged ’ by rituals executed by the priest or [start] , the actual installation and preparation for the activation of an additional electro-magnetic impulse is undertaken .

Because the circumstances of many cattle thefts did not encourage people to initiate prosecutions , the statistics greatly underestimated the extent of the crime .
because the circumstances of many cattle thefts did not encourage people to [start] prosecutions , the statistics greatly underestimated the extent of the crime .

French raiders ! Debutant fly-half Alain Penaud is about to initiate the switch which put Saint-André ( mouth open ) over for the only try of the match as a Welsh posse of Neil Jenkins , Davies and Webster cover across in vain .
french raiders ! debutant fly-half alain penaud is about to [start] the switch which put saint-andré ( mouth open ) over for the only try of the match as a welsh posse of neil jenkins , davies and webster cover across in vain .

Before his last throw of the dice he had been hanging on at Etten in hopes of a visit from Mauve , who had half promised to come and initiate him into ‘ the mysteries of the palette ’ .
before his last throw of the dice he had been hanging on at etten in hopes of a visit from mauve , who had half promised to come and [start] him into ‘ the mysteries of the palette ’ .

Detachment structures initiate at moderate dips in brittle upper crust and flatten at mid-crustal levels ( 10–15km depth ) , because stress axes rotate as a result of ductile ( perhaps fluid-like ) flow of a weak middle crust ( beneath the brittle to ductile transition zone ) .
detachment structures [start] at moderate dips in brittle upper crust and flatten at mid-crustal levels ( 10–15km depth ) , because stress axes rotate as a result of ductile ( perhaps fluid-like ) flow of a weak middle crust ( beneath the brittle to ductile transition zone ) .

External signals arriving at the cell engage surface receptors to initiate signalling pathways whereby information flows from one component to the next until the final effector system is activated .
external signals arriving at the cell engage surface receptors to [start] signalling pathways whereby information flows from one component to the next until the final effector system is activated .

Secretagogue-induced waves in pancreatic acinar cells initiate in the apical region before propagating towards the basal pole .
secretagogue-induced waves in pancreatic acinar cells [start] in the apical region before propagating towards the basal pole .

One possibility is that the sexes have an equal role in mate choice , but our experiment underestimated the expression of male preference because the sexes differ in the way they initiate courtship .
one possibility is that the sexes have an equal role in mate choice , but our experiment underestimated the expression of male preference because the sexes differ in the way they [start] courtship .

There is no theoretical requirement for time symmetry in reversal : it may initiate preferentially in one hemisphere , for example , or may start slowly and finish quickly .
there is no theoretical requirement for time symmetry in reversal : it may [start] preferentially in one hemisphere , for example , or may start slowly and finish quickly .

The solution was to let her initiate everything , to allow her to come towards him in her own time .
the solution was to let her [start] everything , to allow her to come towards him in her own time .

The London-based committee was in contact with ministers , tried hard to persuade the island legislatures to initiate measures of amelioration to make the West Indian position more tenable in British eyes and managed to raise some petitions on slavery 's behalf , though few compared with the abolitionist flood .
the london-based committee was in contact with ministers , tried hard to persuade the island legislatures to [start] measures of amelioration to make the west indian position more tenable in british eyes and managed to raise some petitions on slavery 's behalf , though few compared with the abolitionist flood .

The vehicle chosen to initiate discussion ( and hopefully change ) was a School 's Council .
the vehicle chosen to [start] discussion ( and hopefully change ) was a school 's council .

It is not so obviously true where the intervention takes the form essentially of a decision to initiate a single direct action such as closing a particular valve or starting up a stand-by pump .
it is not so obviously true where the intervention takes the form essentially of a decision to [start] a single direct action such as closing a particular valve or starting up a stand-by pump .

Therefore it is in women teachers ' own interests , as well as those of their female pupils to initiate or support anti-sexist reforms .
therefore it is in women teachers ' own interests , as well as those of their female pupils to [start] or support anti-sexist reforms .

Although mainly reactive bodies at the outset , they were not slow to initiate new patterns of industrial relations in countries like Britain and Sweden .
although mainly reactive bodies at the outset , they were not slow to [start] new patterns of industrial relations in countries like britain and sweden .

Some organized petitions which urged parliament to initiate reform , while most employed their money and influence to promote godliness .
some organized petitions which urged parliament to [start] reform , while most employed their money and influence to promote godliness .

Governments initiate education for the masses , and the masses in return are inspired with higher aspirations and demand more leisure time to enjoy their increased earnings .
governments [start] education for the masses , and the masses in return are inspired with higher aspirations and demand more leisure time to enjoy their increased earnings .

They should be introduced to initiate linguistic understanding , serving as a focus for wider discussion , when the teacher judges that an intervention to make something explicit will help the pupil .
they should be introduced to [start] linguistic understanding , serving as a focus for wider discussion , when the teacher judges that an intervention to make something explicit will help the pupil .

The one form is given a new meaning in its Christian context in which the initiate is identified with the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ .
the one form is given a new meaning in its christian context in which the [start] is identified with the death and resurrection of jesus christ .

It will need positive leadership and in many cases the provision of a skilled person to initiate and guide the home group evangelistic programme .
it will need positive leadership and in many cases the provision of a skilled person to [start] and guide the home group evangelistic programme .

To act in the heat of passion is to perpetuate a present state , not to initiate a new one ; for something new to come in , space has to be made .
to act in the heat of passion is to perpetuate a present state , not to [start] a new one ; for something new to come in , space has to be made .

3.3 The Distributor hereby undertakes that in the event of any infringement of the Trade Mark it will offer all such assistance as the Publisher may reasonably require to enforce its rights in the Territory . The Publisher shall be under no obligation to initiate legal proceedings
3.3 the distributor hereby undertakes that in the event of any infringement of the trade mark it will offer all such assistance as the publisher may reasonably require to enforce its rights in the territory . the publisher shall be under no obligation to [start] legal proceedings

The Publisher shall be under no obligation to initiate legal proceedings .
the publisher shall be under no obligation to [start] legal proceedings .

The Publisher shall be under no obligation to initiate legal proceedings .
the publisher shall be under no obligation to [start] legal proceedings .

The Publisher shall be under no obligation to initiate legal proceedings .
the publisher shall be under no obligation to [start] legal proceedings .

These interests are sifted , ranked and transmitted by the state administration to the president and his key aides , who initiate appropriate political action on them .
these interests are sifted , ranked and transmitted by the state administration to the president and his key aides , who [start] appropriate political action on them .

Newspapers seldom initiate reports about specific sexual assaults themselves , but depend upon the police and courts .
newspapers seldom [start] reports about specific sexual assaults themselves , but depend upon the police and courts .

You will need the ability to initiate and carry out original research and to work effectively in a team .
you will need the ability to [start] and carry out original research and to work effectively in a team .

Excellent communication skills , vision , personal credibility and the ability to initiate and drive through change on a substantial scale will also be essential .
excellent communication skills , vision , personal credibility and the ability to [start] and drive through change on a substantial scale will also be essential .

In their own refectories they ate a ceramic-reinforced , drug-laden booster diet in silence , ending with a prayer recited by an older initiate .
in their own refectories they ate a ceramic-reinforced , drug-laden booster diet in silence , ending with a prayer recited by an older [start] .

For the shorn hairs on the head of every initiate , and on any other hirsute parts of their bodies , prickled and stood on end , as though an electrifying ghost briefly shared their body-space with them .
for the shorn hairs on the head of every [start] , and on any other hirsute parts of their bodies , prickled and stood on end , as though an electrifying ghost briefly shared their body-space with them .

When the Reclusiarch passed back again , each initiate must hold out his middle finger , pointing stiffly forward from his fist .
when the reclusiarch passed back again , each [start] must hold out his middle finger , pointing stiffly forward from his fist .

The Reclusiarch anointed each initiate with chrism , the sacred ointment , on the brow .
the reclusiarch anointed each [start] with chrism , the sacred ointment , on the brow .

The initiate Marines would not of course practice with boltguns here , where shells could speed onward unimpeded by atmosphere or gravity , perhaps striking some incoming ship .
the [start] marines would not of course practice with boltguns here , where shells could speed onward unimpeded by atmosphere or gravity , perhaps striking some incoming ship .

Thus the technology of writing is not only the series of inventions — a script , an alphabet , and materials for its production — which initiate the process , but the mode of distribution of the work thus produced .
thus the technology of writing is not only the series of inventions — a script , an alphabet , and materials for its production — which [start] the process , but the mode of distribution of the work thus produced .

These used rotating discs to initiate a quasi-musical sound which was then filtered , processed and reproduced at different pitches .
these used rotating discs to [start] a quasi-musical sound which was then filtered , processed and reproduced at different pitches .

This helps us to see more clearly the role of science in schools ; to challenge the objectivity of science in the school curriculum would be to initiate searching questions about the role of scientists in today 's society .
this helps us to see more clearly the role of science in schools ; to challenge the objectivity of science in the school curriculum would be to [start] searching questions about the role of scientists in today 's society .

The first move of a Government committed to re-establishing full employment comprehensively would be to initiate a rolling programme of moving Civil Service jobs from areas of high employment , mainly in the South , to those of high unemployment , predominantly in the North .
the first move of a government committed to re-establishing full employment comprehensively would be to [start] a rolling programme of moving civil service jobs from areas of high employment , mainly in the south , to those of high unemployment , predominantly in the north .

And those firms that , in addition to the training programme for their own workers , initiate programmes within their companies to train the unemployed would receive a further rebate .
and those firms that , in addition to the training programme for their own workers , [start] programmes within their companies to train the unemployed would receive a further rebate .

An immediate objective should be the introduction of a wealth tax , which , combined with other taxes , would initiate a substantial redistribution of wealth .
an immediate objective should be the introduction of a wealth tax , which , combined with other taxes , would [start] a substantial redistribution of wealth .

One such move of an incoming radical government should be to initiate a new Domesday Book , so that the true extent of the vast disparities of wealth is brought home to the voters .
one such move of an incoming radical government should be to [start] a new domesday book , so that the true extent of the vast disparities of wealth is brought home to the voters .

British trade unions in their blanket rejection of such change have let employers initiate flexibility in a way that has been very damaging to the interests of workers and unions .
british trade unions in their blanket rejection of such change have let employers [start] flexibility in a way that has been very damaging to the interests of workers and unions .

The final two components in ' any system of formal management control involve measuring the resources consumed and reporting thereon to management so that they can investigate adverse variances and initiate corrective action .
the final two components in ' any system of formal management control involve measuring the resources consumed and reporting thereon to management so that they can investigate adverse variances and [start] corrective action .

But it is rare to initiate the formal process .
but it is rare to [start] the formal process .

Nevertheless this speech , and the Yellow Book which formed its brief , helped to initiate the discussion on the common core curriculum .
nevertheless this speech , and the yellow book which formed its brief , helped to [start] the discussion on the common core curriculum .

Within fifty years there were several silk factories employing four hundred to eight hundred persons , but the silk industry was of secondary importance and did not initiate the factory system .
within fifty years there were several silk factories employing four hundred to eight hundred persons , but the silk industry was of secondary importance and did not [start] the factory system .

The frustration of Redbridge 's black parents , for example , forcing them to initiate an inquiry which was published as Cause for Concern ( Redbridge Community Relations Council , 1978 ) .
the frustration of redbridge 's black parents , for example , forcing them to [start] an inquiry which was published as cause for concern ( redbridge community relations council , 1978 ) .

Additionally , the activity will need to initiate data generating and checking processes internally to establish model boundaries and ensure they are not violated .
additionally , the activity will need to [start] data generating and checking processes internally to establish model boundaries and ensure they are not violated .

Questions formulated at the workstation will initiate searches at the library node .
questions formulated at the workstation will [start] searches at the library node .

We met her under various guises throughout the islands : with the Bugis pirates in the Moluccas , where we cast offerings into her whirlpool ; and amongst the tribesfolk of Sumba who rely on her signal in the form of the one night each year when Sumba 's beaches briefly swarm with red sea-worm — to initiate their deadly war-sport between lance-throwing armies of mounted warriors .
we met her under various guises throughout the islands : with the bugis pirates in the moluccas , where we cast offerings into her whirlpool ; and amongst the tribesfolk of sumba who rely on her signal in the form of the one night each year when sumba 's beaches briefly swarm with red sea-worm — to [start] their deadly war-sport between lance-throwing armies of mounted warriors .

It comes to the surface for a few seconds several times each day , and two short exposures to light separated by 12 hours are enough to initiate its reproductive cycle .
it comes to the surface for a few seconds several times each day , and two short exposures to light separated by 12 hours are enough to [start] its reproductive cycle .

For example , 80 % of female personal service workers said they could not design and plan important parts of their work ; 96 % said they could not decide their starting and finishing times ; and 63 % said they could not initiate new tasks during their work .
for example , 80 % of female personal service workers said they could not design and plan important parts of their work ; 96 % said they could not decide their starting and finishing times ; and 63 % said they could not [start] new tasks during their work .

These development controls do give the planners an influential role in local development , even though the powers are mainly negative , comprising the ability to refuse rather than to initiate development .
these development controls do give the planners an influential role in local development , even though the powers are mainly negative , comprising the ability to refuse rather than to [start] development .

One would expect this large amount of positive feed-back to lead to instability : as soon as the input is strong enough to excite one or two neurons , one would expect these to feed back on to others and initiate an explosive chain reaction .
one would expect this large amount of positive feed-back to lead to instability : as soon as the input is strong enough to excite one or two neurons , one would expect these to feed back on to others and [start] an explosive chain reaction .

It was clear that the Manchu was permitting his opponent to initiate all the attacking moves and , as the combat progressed , Burun began to appreciate the skill with which the mock battle was being controlled .
it was clear that the manchu was permitting his opponent to [start] all the attacking moves and , as the combat progressed , burun began to appreciate the skill with which the mock battle was being controlled .

She wishes to initiate a spread by going long in kryptonite futures ( currently priced at £50 000 each for one ton for delivery in 12 months ) and short in phlogiston futures ( currently priced at £10 000 each for 1000 lbs for delivery in 12 months ) .
she wishes to [start] a spread by going long in kryptonite futures ( currently priced at £50 000 each for one ton for delivery in 12 months ) and short in phlogiston futures ( currently priced at £10 000 each for 1000 lbs for delivery in 12 months ) .

It has been argued that it did not actually initiate any changes in the mental health field , rather it endorsed the developments that were already taking place within hospitals and in the community .
it has been argued that it did not actually [start] any changes in the mental health field , rather it endorsed the developments that were already taking place within hospitals and in the community .

The government can initiate inquiries by means of Royal Commissions , interdepartmental committees and so on .
the government can [start] inquiries by means of royal commissions , interdepartmental committees and so on .

The government also finances research bodies and institutions , such as the Medical Research Council and the Economic and Social Research Council , which themselves initiate , approve and finance research topics into particular problems .
the government also finances research bodies and institutions , such as the medical research council and the economic and social research council , which themselves [start] , approve and finance research topics into particular problems .

In all cases , transcription was found to initiate at position +1 ( Fig .
in all cases , transcription was found to [start] at position +1 ( fig .

The Nianias report on European Commission proposals for older people calls on the commission to conduct investigations into discriminatory practices on the grounds of age and initiate action to bring about equal treatment for elderly people .
the nianias report on european commission proposals for older people calls on the commission to conduct investigations into discriminatory practices on the grounds of age and [start] action to bring about equal treatment for elderly people .

The deaf and dumb are anxious to help each other and this they do through the pension fund and their Association , through efforts made to arouse public interest and to initiate steps for the formation of local societies and missions in neglected areas .
the deaf and dumb are anxious to help each other and this they do through the pension fund and their association , through efforts made to arouse public interest and to [start] steps for the formation of local societies and missions in neglected areas .

This may represent a failing by doctors to initiate adequate therapy , but there are other possible explanations .
this may represent a failing by doctors to [start] adequate therapy , but there are other possible explanations .

An indirect role where the teacher creates the conditions which will allow the children to initiate collaborative activities themselves in response to interests , purposes and needs arising from their activities .
an indirect role where the teacher creates the conditions which will allow the children to [start] collaborative activities themselves in response to interests , purposes and needs arising from their activities .

developing the range and quality of collaborative activity which the children are able to initiate for themselves , by directly structuring and facilitating a variety of collaborative experiences , and modelling skills and strategies for pupils to take on for themselves .
developing the range and quality of collaborative activity which the children are able to [start] for themselves , by directly structuring and facilitating a variety of collaborative experiences , and modelling skills and strategies for pupils to take on for themselves .

This usually entailed Branson being the first to let off fire-extinguishers , initiate a food fight , or dress up in fishnet stockings and make-up for the inevitable fancy-dress party .
this usually entailed branson being the first to let off fire-extinguishers , [start] a food fight , or dress up in fishnet stockings and make-up for the inevitable fancy-dress party .

The judge was told that the father had given undertakings ( which the judge recited in the course of his judgment ) that , if the court ordered the child to be returned to Canada , he would not attempt to remove him from the care of the mother without an order of the Canadian court ; that he would not support or initiate any contempt of court or criminal proceedings arising from the mother 's removal of the child , and would co-operate in having an early hearing of the proceedings in Ontario .
the judge was told that the father had given undertakings ( which the judge recited in the course of his judgment ) that , if the court ordered the child to be returned to canada , he would not attempt to remove him from the care of the mother without an order of the canadian court ; that he would not support or [start] any contempt of court or criminal proceedings arising from the mother 's removal of the child , and would co-operate in having an early hearing of the proceedings in ontario .

Parliament never intended that the limit on the amount of compensation payable to individual depositors could be side-stepped by dispositions made after formal steps had been taken to initiate the winding up process .
parliament never intended that the limit on the amount of compensation payable to individual depositors could be side-stepped by dispositions made after formal steps had been taken to [start] the winding up process .

To my mind it is clear from the terms of the third paragraph of the Crown Prosecution Service 's letter that it is accepted that the order restricts them , in any prosecution which they decide to initiate , to utilising material already obtained or other material obtained independently of that disclosed in the High Court civil proceedings .
to my mind it is clear from the terms of the third paragraph of the crown prosecution service 's letter that it is accepted that the order restricts them , in any prosecution which they decide to [start] , to utilising material already obtained or other material obtained independently of that disclosed in the high court civil proceedings .

The corollary is that some areas will be better placed to initiate a shift away from the isolated role of special schools .
the corollary is that some areas will be better placed to [start] a shift away from the isolated role of special schools .

It involved identifying common concerns of teachers and then producing stimulus materials to initiate and focus discussion and trigger groups working on them to devise their own plans of action .
it involved identifying common concerns of teachers and then producing stimulus materials to [start] and focus discussion and trigger groups working on them to devise their own plans of action .

‘ Unless you wish to initiate yourself into the ultimate joys of sex right now , be still .
‘ unless you wish to [start] yourself into the ultimate joys of sex right now , be still .

In the long run it may be correct to argue , as Patricia Branca has done , that doctors were ‘ the logical answer to the middle class woman 's increasing desire for self-improvement and self-control ’ , but evidence suggests that medical and scientific expertise set the basic framework for discussion and action within which women tended to respond — albeit not always in an anticipated manner — rather than initiate .
in the long run it may be correct to argue , as patricia branca has done , that doctors were ‘ the logical answer to the middle class woman 's increasing desire for self-improvement and self-control ’ , but evidence suggests that medical and scientific expertise set the basic framework for discussion and action within which women tended to respond — albeit not always in an anticipated manner — rather than [start] .

In 1989 , the World Association of Nuclear Operators was established to encourage exchange of information on operational safety and to initiate technical exchange visits between nuclear engineers to help improve safety standards .
in 1989 , the world association of nuclear operators was established to encourage exchange of information on operational safety and to [start] technical exchange visits between nuclear engineers to help improve safety standards .

There is no prison from which an initiate of the Fiana can not escape .
there is no prison from which an [start] of the fiana can not escape .

The policy and resources committee will then set guidelines indicating clear policy priorities that should guide the preparation of the estimates , and initiate studies that will identify areas where cuts can be made , or expansion can be concentrated .
the policy and resources committee will then set guidelines indicating clear policy priorities that should guide the preparation of the estimates , and [start] studies that will identify areas where cuts can be made , or expansion can be concentrated .

the Director General and the local trading standards departments should be empowered to initiate ‘ unjust credit transaction ’ proceedings , but only in the public interest
the director general and the local trading standards departments should be empowered to [start] ‘ unjust credit transaction ’ proceedings , but only in the public interest

So we are faced with a fundamental problem . How can consumers initiate healthy eating plans when they are not receiving the information they need in comprehensible form ?
so we are faced with a fundamental problem . how can consumers [start] healthy eating plans when they are not receiving the information they need in comprehensible form ?

Its buyers work with suppliers worldwide to initiate exclusive fashionable designs .
its buyers work with suppliers worldwide to [start] exclusive fashionable designs .

These weaknesses include : the concentration on short-term rather than long-term investment ; archaic industrial relations and the absence of a national wage-bargaining policy ; discrimination on the grounds of race , gender and disability ; the failure to develop a fully and flexibly-trained workforce , and , lastly , the kind of regional political structures that could initiate new economic and investment strategies .
these weaknesses include : the concentration on short-term rather than long-term investment ; archaic industrial relations and the absence of a national wage-bargaining policy ; discrimination on the grounds of race , gender and disability ; the failure to develop a fully and flexibly-trained workforce , and , lastly , the kind of regional political structures that could [start] new economic and investment strategies .

The fundamental question was : who had the right to initiate children into the laws of sex and with what precise forms of knowledge ?
the fundamental question was : who had the right to [start] children into the laws of sex and with what precise forms of knowledge ?

Linguistics can help to illuminate ways in which teachers can initiate different kinds of interpersonal interaction or other language use , by varying the kinds of stimuli or contexts which they provide .
linguistics can help to illuminate ways in which teachers can [start] different kinds of interpersonal interaction or other language use , by varying the kinds of stimuli or contexts which they provide .

The aim of the paper is to initiate a discussion of the economic advantages of tapping the resources of the mother tongue of those minority adults , who are generally referred to as South Asian minorities .
the aim of the paper is to [start] a discussion of the economic advantages of tapping the resources of the mother tongue of those minority adults , who are generally referred to as south asian minorities .

The managers interviewed in all four companies expected to initiate matters in the foreign language ( usually verbally — by telephone ; but also by producing draft written outlines of reports ) and then subcontracted the work to highly skilled subordinates , such as bilingual secretaries .
the managers interviewed in all four companies expected to [start] matters in the foreign language ( usually verbally — by telephone ; but also by producing draft written outlines of reports ) and then subcontracted the work to highly skilled subordinates , such as bilingual secretaries .

To initiate more than she knew .
to [start] more than she knew .

These factors may indeed be present but are more likely to act as partners with unresolved emotional issues in people 's lives , rather than to initiate the disease .
these factors may indeed be present but are more likely to act as partners with unresolved emotional issues in people 's lives , rather than to [start] the disease .

It is notoriously simple for those who initiate gatherings to disclaim any organisational purpose or activities .
it is notoriously simple for those who [start] gatherings to disclaim any organisational purpose or activities .

First , parties facilitate the aggregation of the large number of group and sectional interests that arise and thus present the electorate with a clarified choice of issues ; second , they organize and mobilize the electorate ; third , they recruit leaders and provide governments ; and fourth , they initiate and oversee the implementation of government policy .
first , parties facilitate the aggregation of the large number of group and sectional interests that arise and thus present the electorate with a clarified choice of issues ; second , they organize and mobilize the electorate ; third , they recruit leaders and provide governments ; and fourth , they [start] and oversee the implementation of government policy .

It did not , however , initiate the longer-term processes discussed above , although it affected them in different ways — contributing to the globalization of liberal political ideas and economic policies , posing new challenges to the European integration process as the East European states seek to participate therein , and stimulating the process of fragmentation .
it did not , however , [start] the longer-term processes discussed above , although it affected them in different ways — contributing to the globalization of liberal political ideas and economic policies , posing new challenges to the european integration process as the east european states seek to participate therein , and stimulating the process of fragmentation .

Constant movement makes it easier both to initiate attacks and to defend against them .
constant movement makes it easier both to [start] attacks and to defend against them .

There must come a time when so much head of water is piled against the beach that at certain points it is enough to initiate return seaward flows , which are the rip currents .
there must come a time when so much head of water is piled against the beach that at certain points it is enough to [start] return seaward flows , which are the rip currents .

Such waves pile water up and initiate longshore currents .
such waves pile water up and [start] longshore currents .

These convergences will thus provide the sites for the divergent longshore currents required to initiate the cell circulation pattern .
these convergences will thus provide the sites for the divergent longshore currents required to [start] the cell circulation pattern .

The Finance office is able to initiate tuition fee invoicing and to maintain a ledger of fees due and received , using its own student management system menus .
the finance office is able to [start] tuition fee invoicing and to maintain a ledger of fees due and received , using its own student management system menus .

248 , 250 , 256 ) writes that Eugene Atget 's celebrated photographs ‘ initiate the emancipation of the object from aura ’ , which worked ‘ against the exotic , romantically sonorous names of the cities ’ .
248 , 250 , 256 ) writes that eugene atget 's celebrated photographs ‘ [start] the emancipation of the object from aura ’ , which worked ‘ against the exotic , romantically sonorous names of the cities ’ .

He was surprised that the Mage Initiate , an elderly man who supervised the clerics of the household , had not chastised Tavalouze for his appearance .
he was surprised that the mage [start] , an elderly man who supervised the clerics of the household , had not chastised tavalouze for his appearance .

7.1 Once it is acknowledged that it has to respond to the problem of its employees experiencing violence and aggressive behaviour in the course of their work , it is of vital importance to initiate a formal reporting process .
7.1 once it is acknowledged that it has to respond to the problem of its employees experiencing violence and aggressive behaviour in the course of their work , it is of vital importance to [start] a formal reporting process .

However , under outcomes ( a ) or ( b ) , someone other than McAlpine would have to initiate the action ( see Scenario 2 ) .
however , under outcomes ( a ) or ( b ) , someone other than mcalpine would have to [start] the action ( see scenario 2 ) .

Simply pouring the beer out from a can did not generate the force needed to initiate the gas break-out that creates the head .
simply pouring the beer out from a can did not generate the force needed to [start] the gas break-out that creates the head .

The report , compiled by health specialist Cathy Read , warned that traffic exhaust may both exacerbate and initiate asthma .
the report , compiled by health specialist cathy read , warned that traffic exhaust may both exacerbate and [start] asthma .

It should have the right to initiate legislation for consideration by the Commission and the Committee of Ministers in addition to its existing right to comment on those bodies ' legislative proposals .
it should have the right to [start] legislation for consideration by the commission and the committee of ministers in addition to its existing right to comment on those bodies ' legislative proposals .

When , in the opening scene , McKendrick tries to initiate a new topic , by referring to the `` fictions problem `` ( p. 46 ) , Anderson fails to take it up because he fails to realise that McKendrick is referring to the paper which Anderson himself is going to give .
when , in the opening scene , mckendrick tries to [start] a new topic , by referring to the `` fictions problem `` ( p. 46 ) , anderson fails to take it up because he fails to realise that mckendrick is referring to the paper which anderson himself is going to give .

The Guidance states : no decision to initiate proceedings should be taken without clear evidence that provision of services for the child and his family ( which may include an accommodation placement voluntarily arranged under s20 ) has failed or would be likely to fail to meet the child 's needs adequately and that there is no suitable person prepared to apply to take over care of the child under a residence order ( para 3.10 ) .
the guidance states : no decision to [start] proceedings should be taken without clear evidence that provision of services for the child and his family ( which may include an accommodation placement voluntarily arranged under s20 ) has failed or would be likely to fail to meet the child 's needs adequately and that there is no suitable person prepared to apply to take over care of the child under a residence order ( para 3.10 ) .

Although there are apparently different circumstances which initiate arrested larval development , most commonly the stimulus is an environmental one received by the free-living infective stages prior to ingestion by the host .
although there are apparently different circumstances which [start] arrested larval development , most commonly the stimulus is an environmental one received by the free-living infective stages prior to ingestion by the host .

However , it is possible that cognitive changes occurring in the early stages of a depressive disorder may initiate a vicious circle that can transform an otherwise mild and short-lived reaction into one that is more severe and protracted .
however , it is possible that cognitive changes occurring in the early stages of a depressive disorder may [start] a vicious circle that can transform an otherwise mild and short-lived reaction into one that is more severe and protracted .

Skilfully he tuned every nerve in her narrow body to such a concert pitch of response that she began to initiate caresses of her own , delighting in her power as rippling muscles tightened beneath her questing hands .
skilfully he tuned every nerve in her narrow body to such a concert pitch of response that she began to [start] caresses of her own , delighting in her power as rippling muscles tightened beneath her questing hands .

‘ You did n't have to push very hard , ’ he reminded her , ‘ but you have my word , nothing will happen that you do n't initiate . ’
‘ you did n't have to push very hard , ’ he reminded her , ‘ but you have my word , nothing will happen that you do n't [start] . ’

Only too conscious of the depth of passion simmering in him , and conscious too of her crumbling resistance and his vow that nothing would happen that she did n't initiate , she took a deep , shaky breath and got into the car , shutting the door firmly behind her .
only too conscious of the depth of passion simmering in him , and conscious too of her crumbling resistance and his vow that nothing would happen that she did n't [start] , she took a deep , shaky breath and got into the car , shutting the door firmly behind her .

This influences not only the nature of volcanic activity and landforms produced but also the processes tending to initiate back-arc spreading behind the volcanic arc .
this influences not only the nature of volcanic activity and landforms produced but also the processes tending to [start] back-arc spreading behind the volcanic arc .

If the review is upwards only he is highly unlikely to want to initiate the review himself , but the uncertainty of not knowing what his rent is may hamper him in conducting or investing in his business , or in disposing of his lease .
if the review is upwards only he is highly unlikely to want to [start] the review himself , but the uncertainty of not knowing what his rent is may hamper him in conducting or investing in his business , or in disposing of his lease .

Both parties should have the right to apply for the appointment of the expert or arbitrator , even if the landlord alone has the right to initiate the rent review .
both parties should have the right to apply for the appointment of the expert or arbitrator , even if the landlord alone has the right to [start] the rent review .

The government initially claimed that it had no prior notice of the Commission 's intention to initiate proceedings , but it was later disclosed that this had been the subject of correspondence between the Commission and the Department of Transport .
the government initially claimed that it had no prior notice of the commission 's intention to [start] proceedings , but it was later disclosed that this had been the subject of correspondence between the commission and the department of transport .

Too often the term is used not to denote a specific ( designing ) but rather to denote either or both , the results of that activity ( designed products ) or the problems which initiate design activity .
too often the term is used not to denote a specific ( designing ) but rather to denote either or both , the results of that activity ( designed products ) or the problems which [start] design activity .

On 14 November 1991 , the Norwegian parliamentary committee on whaling declared itself in favour of hunting minkes and called on the government to initiate a campaign to promote Norwegian whaling interests .
on 14 november 1991 , the norwegian parliamentary committee on whaling declared itself in favour of hunting minkes and called on the government to [start] a campaign to promote norwegian whaling interests .

In a sense the children 's librarian is freer , but also is forced to work in a more oblique and informal way ; the teacher may work directly , can initiate activities and be more directive , for instance in requiring the child to respond with his own written or pictorial work or linking the reading to another activity in the classroom .
in a sense the children 's librarian is freer , but also is forced to work in a more oblique and informal way ; the teacher may work directly , can [start] activities and be more directive , for instance in requiring the child to respond with his own written or pictorial work or linking the reading to another activity in the classroom .

The correct person to initiate and oversee coronary rehabilitation is the district cardiologist or physician with an interest in cardiology .
the correct person to [start] and oversee coronary rehabilitation is the district cardiologist or physician with an interest in cardiology .

Initiate new projects
[start] new projects

In 1977 conservation and aesthetic considerations led the Belgian Commission for Monuments and Landscapes ( the agency responsible for the nation 's patrimony ) to initiate a campaign to strengthen the triptych 's physical support and clean its painted surfaces .
in 1977 conservation and aesthetic considerations led the belgian commission for monuments and landscapes ( the agency responsible for the nation 's patrimony ) to [start] a campaign to strengthen the triptych 's physical support and clean its painted surfaces .

Also , allowing representatives to initiate applications for judicial review raises the question of whether representatives ought to be allowed to intervene in applications initiated by others in order to express opposing or complementary points of view .
also , allowing representatives to [start] applications for judicial review raises the question of whether representatives ought to be allowed to intervene in applications initiated by others in order to express opposing or complementary points of view .

Another idea is that there should be an official — perhaps called a Director of Civil Proceedings — who would have the power to initiate court proceedings if this was in the public interest and to intervene in proceedings initiated by others to represent the public interest .
another idea is that there should be an official — perhaps called a director of civil proceedings — who would have the power to [start] court proceedings if this was in the public interest and to intervene in proceedings initiated by others to represent the public interest .

But he or she would also be able to initiate the sort of actions which , under the present system , might never be brought because of lack of funds or problems of co-ordination , or because prospective applicants , by reason of social deprivation or lack of education , do not have the human resources to speak for themselves .
but he or she would also be able to [start] the sort of actions which , under the present system , might never be brought because of lack of funds or problems of co-ordination , or because prospective applicants , by reason of social deprivation or lack of education , do not have the human resources to speak for themselves .

initiate dialogue between church communicators and the denominational social justice issues committees , to help them communicate their activities more effectively to the churches and to the general public ;
[start] dialogue between church communicators and the denominational social justice issues committees , to help them communicate their activities more effectively to the churches and to the general public ;

But the sheer effort required to gather and analyse data systematically , let alone the lobbying activities to initiate change , often exceeds the capacity of the groups working on this issue .
but the sheer effort required to gather and analyse data systematically , let alone the lobbying activities to [start] change , often exceeds the capacity of the groups working on this issue .

The state remained reluctant to initiate legislation to enforce morality , though by the 1880s it was clearly responsive to its perception of public pressure .
the state remained reluctant to [start] legislation to enforce morality , though by the 1880s it was clearly responsive to its perception of public pressure .

Convocation Committee have discussed Amanda 's proposal and decided to initiate it .
convocation committee have discussed amanda 's proposal and decided to [start] it .

At last London became , for administrative purposes other than the Poor Law , a single unit , able to initiate or finance large projects .
at last london became , for administrative purposes other than the poor law , a single unit , able to [start] or finance large projects .

Following the Children 's Act 1975 , all adoptees are entitled to a copy of their original birth certificate at 18 years of age and can choose whether to initiate a trace ( Table 4 ) .
following the children 's act 1975 , all adoptees are entitled to a copy of their original birth certificate at 18 years of age and can choose whether to [start] a trace ( table 4 ) .

From the early nineteenth century Japan had been approached on several occasions by Western nations active in Asian waters and anxious to initiate trading and other contacts .
from the early nineteenth century japan had been approached on several occasions by western nations active in asian waters and anxious to [start] trading and other contacts .

For example , greater capital mobility has permitted many governments , for good or ill , to initiate development projects that previously had been starved by capital shortage and has helped raise the levels of ambition for future competitiveness and importance on the world stage .
for example , greater capital mobility has permitted many governments , for good or ill , to [start] development projects that previously had been starved by capital shortage and has helped raise the levels of ambition for future competitiveness and importance on the world stage .

For example , why did Malaysia initiate the proton project to develop its own car in 1982 ?
for example , why did malaysia [start] the proton project to develop its own car in 1982 ?

It has also shown that they are most effective in situations of crisis because of their ability to initiate and control social interactions .
it has also shown that they are most effective in situations of crisis because of their ability to [start] and control social interactions .

Nevertheless , if congress has largely surrendered the positive power to initiate legislation to the executive , it remains a formidable negative force .
nevertheless , if congress has largely surrendered the positive power to [start] legislation to the executive , it remains a formidable negative force .

Thus we may be able to initiate an instruction fetch from store and increment the program counter in one micro-instruction .
thus we may be able to [start] an instruction fetch from store and increment the program counter in one micro-instruction .

They initiate fewer interactions and fewer exchanges , ask fewer questions and make fewer requests .
they [start] fewer interactions and fewer exchanges , ask fewer questions and make fewer requests .

Problem solving `` was also referred to as a more global idea , or a process which prompts active thought rather than a question designed to initiate rote-learning techniques .
problem solving `` was also referred to as a more global idea , or a process which prompts active thought rather than a question designed to [start] rote-learning techniques .

It must initiate , formulate and direct general policy .
it must [start] , formulate and direct general policy .

The main purpose of this procedure is not to initiate legislation but to generate publicity for a particular issue or to test the water to see if there is support for legislation in the future .
the main purpose of this procedure is not to [start] legislation but to generate publicity for a particular issue or to test the water to see if there is support for legislation in the future .

In some cases the project proposal set out to extend , accelerate or supplement changes already in motion , but in others the project was designed to initiate quite new developments .
in some cases the project proposal set out to extend , accelerate or supplement changes already in motion , but in others the project was designed to [start] quite new developments .

As such , local people expect to exercise power to initiate the provision of services desired in the locality .
as such , local people expect to exercise power to [start] the provision of services desired in the locality .

If Judas Thomas , or Jude the Twin , were indeed Jesus 's twin brother , what would have been his status among his contemporaries ? In the Acts of Thomas , there is the following quotation : ‘ Twin brother of Christ , apostle of the Most High and fellow initiate into the hidden word of Christ , who dost receive his secret sayings … ’ And again , even more explicitly , in an invocation to the Holy Ghost ( which , significantly enough , is feminine ) : ‘ Come Holy Spirit … Holy Dove that bearest the twin young . Come , Hidden Mother … ’
if judas thomas , or jude the twin , were indeed jesus 's twin brother , what would have been his status among his contemporaries ? in the acts of thomas , there is the following quotation : ‘ twin brother of christ , apostle of the most high and fellow [start] into the hidden word of christ , who dost receive his secret sayings … ’ and again , even more explicitly , in an invocation to the holy ghost ( which , significantly enough , is feminine ) : ‘ come holy spirit … holy dove that bearest the twin young . come , hidden mother … ’

The interviews identified a variety of entries into heroin use , based , first , on the relationship between the initiate and the person who introduced him or her to the drug , that is , the social ‘ how ?
the interviews identified a variety of entries into heroin use , based , first , on the relationship between the [start] and the person who introduced him or her to the drug , that is , the social ‘ how ?

The leave of the court or of some other official agency may be required and official assistance may be available to those who choose to avail themselves of it ; but no special steps to initiate the actual business of service abroad will be mandatory .
the leave of the court or of some other official agency may be required and official assistance may be available to those who choose to avail themselves of it ; but no special steps to [start] the actual business of service abroad will be mandatory .

The law may allow the huissier himself , given his semi-official position , to initiate contact with the competent authorities ( or a brother huissier ) in the state of destination , or may ( as has French law since 1966 ) require the huissier to take informal steps such as the use of the postal channel to supplement the official service initiated by the parquet .
the law may allow the huissier himself , given his semi-official position , to [start] contact with the competent authorities ( or a brother huissier ) in the state of destination , or may ( as has french law since 1966 ) require the huissier to take informal steps such as the use of the postal channel to supplement the official service initiated by the parquet .

Nothing is prescribed as to those entitled to initiate this process ; this is left to the law of the state of origin .
nothing is prescribed as to those entitled to [start] this process ; this is left to the law of the state of origin .

The role of such a person was simply to initiate songs and chants and to act as ‘ caller ’ .
the role of such a person was simply to [start] songs and chants and to act as ‘ caller ’ .

At other times the chant leader is required to initiate chants in reply to a chant from the opposition fans .
at other times the chant leader is required to [start] chants in reply to a chant from the opposition fans .

We 're all taught when learning to fly that we should initiate turns using a little rudder , often in aircraft that do n't really need it .
we 're all taught when learning to fly that we should [start] turns using a little rudder , often in aircraft that do n't really need it .

His theory is therefore more able to explain change , and even to initiate change through the understanding which it gives .
his theory is therefore more able to explain change , and even to [start] change through the understanding which it gives .

Yet what they seem satisfied with is that they initiate contact with the lawyer , and not the other way round , as and when they think he or she is needed .
yet what they seem satisfied with is that they [start] contact with the lawyer , and not the other way round , as and when they think he or she is needed .

• Ramada : expanded corporate to include environmental responsibility in 1990 , covering 120 hotels , 40 countries and 28,000 employees , all challenged to initiate operational changes to improve performance in waste recycling , energy conservation and water conservation/management .
• ramada : expanded corporate to include environmental responsibility in 1990 , covering 120 hotels , 40 countries and 28,000 employees , all challenged to [start] operational changes to improve performance in waste recycling , energy conservation and water conservation/management .

For some this was possible and they were able to initiate new developments in their schools .
for some this was possible and they were able to [start] new developments in their schools .

The University will accept direct transfer to its bank account , provided that you have asked your bank to initiate the transfer before 15 September .
the university will accept direct transfer to its bank account , provided that you have asked your bank to [start] the transfer before 15 september .

The University will accept direct transfer to its bank account , provided that you have asked your bank to initiate the transfer before 15 September .
the university will accept direct transfer to its bank account , provided that you have asked your bank to [start] the transfer before 15 september .

‘ Legislatures in France , Germany and Britain do not initiate legislation to any significant degree , they are peripherally involved in the budgetary process and party cohesion and institutional limitations serve to restrict the scope of powerful scrutiny of executive actions by the legislatures ’ ( Page 1985 , p. 89 ) .
‘ legislatures in france , germany and britain do not [start] legislation to any significant degree , they are peripherally involved in the budgetary process and party cohesion and institutional limitations serve to restrict the scope of powerful scrutiny of executive actions by the legislatures ’ ( page 1985 , p. 89 ) .

The choices of those with power to direct organizations and initiate changes in structure are among the determinants of organizational designs ( Child 1973 ) .
the choices of those with power to direct organizations and [start] changes in structure are among the determinants of organizational designs ( child 1973 ) .

Recognise the constraints and opportunities of the business environment and initiate appropriate change
recognise the constraints and opportunities of the business environment and [start] appropriate change

The lysine analogues are antifibrinolytics that inhibit certain platelet functions and have no effects on the coagulation process ; they can not initiate or accelerate clot formation but will delay clot lysis .
the lysine analogues are antifibrinolytics that inhibit certain platelet functions and have no effects on the coagulation process ; they can not [start] or accelerate clot formation but will delay clot lysis .

He returned it to the failed initiate without comment .
he returned it to the failed [start] without comment .

Option 9.6.0 enables the user to initiate internal integrity checks on the files stored by the offline system .
option 9.6.0 enables the user to [start] internal integrity checks on the files stored by the offline system .

’ They will initiate more effective policies than a ‘ badly-informed populace ’ .
’ they will [start] more effective policies than a ‘ badly-informed populace ’ .

As part of a strategy to achieve self-sufficiency in food , he said , the government was to initiate a three-year pilot programme concentrating resources on 40 districts most able to contribute to food security efforts .
as part of a strategy to achieve self-sufficiency in food , he said , the government was to [start] a three-year pilot programme concentrating resources on 40 districts most able to contribute to food security efforts .

Bush stressed : `` America does not seek conflict … The mission of our troops is wholly defensive … They will not initiate hostilities , but they will defend themselves , the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and other friends in the Gulf . ``
bush stressed : `` america does not seek conflict … the mission of our troops is wholly defensive … they will not [start] hostilities , but they will defend themselves , the kingdom of saudi arabia and other friends in the gulf . ``

The revisions passed on March 16 included the power to meet yearly , rather than every six years , to be able to initiate and veto legislation , and to ensure mainlander domination of the National Assembly .
the revisions passed on march 16 included the power to meet yearly , rather than every six years , to be able to [start] and veto legislation , and to ensure mainlander domination of the national assembly .

To initiate a drama .
to [start] a drama .

Using still image to initiate a drama
using still image to [start] a drama

The most obvious way for the teacher to initiate reflection with the whole class is to discuss the work .
the most obvious way for the teacher to [start] reflection with the whole class is to discuss the work .

Using still images makes it much easier to initiate discussion of the organisation and use of space : the constraints of the task allow us to focus on specifics ; the stillness makes the work much more open to inspection .
using still images makes it much easier to [start] discussion of the organisation and use of space : the constraints of the task allow us to focus on specifics ; the stillness makes the work much more open to inspection .

Using an item of costume can be a powerful stimulus to initiate dramatic play .
using an item of costume can be a powerful stimulus to [start] dramatic play .

Whether true or false or just part true , part false all such stories function as myths of origin , as charters for human existence ; they explain to the initiate or to the newcomer how `` we `` began and how `` we `` came to be where we now are .
whether true or false or just part true , part false all such stories function as myths of origin , as charters for human existence ; they explain to the [start] or to the newcomer how `` we `` began and how `` we `` came to be where we now are .

initiate the required form ( see chapter 1102.3 ) when approving , exempting or advising on investment advertisements
[start] the required form ( see chapter 1102.3 ) when approving , exempting or advising on investment advertisements

Until the earliest of ( i ) the execution by you of a definitive unconditional legally binding agreement regarding the acquisition of the Company ; ( ii ) an acquisition of the Company by a third party ; ( iii ) three years from the date of this Agreement , you agree not to initiate or maintain contact ( except for those contacts made in the ordinary course of business ) with any officer , director or employee of the Company regarding the Company 's business , operations , prospects or finances , except with the express written permission of the Vendors .
until the earliest of ( i ) the execution by you of a definitive unconditional legally binding agreement regarding the acquisition of the company ; ( ii ) an acquisition of the company by a third party ; ( iii ) three years from the date of this agreement , you agree not to [start] or maintain contact ( except for those contacts made in the ordinary course of business ) with any officer , director or employee of the company regarding the company 's business , operations , prospects or finances , except with the express written permission of the vendors .

The aim of this three-year project is to initiate an investigation of this two-way relationship between the health of parents and the care and welfare of the children .
the aim of this three-year project is to [start] an investigation of this two-way relationship between the health of parents and the care and welfare of the children .

This grant was used to support a conference and other media through which general and specific aspects of European integration , convergence and divergence in work and employment systems would be more widely known , and seen as relevant for future research , by British social scientists . Its particular aims were to initiate :
this grant was used to support a conference and other media through which general and specific aspects of european integration , convergence and divergence in work and employment systems would be more widely known , and seen as relevant for future research , by british social scientists . its particular aims were to [start] :

Pain perception is traditionally an area of psychological expertise and the principal aim of this project is to initiate a significant sociological contribution to the study of pain perception , building on the post-holder 's doctoral research .
pain perception is traditionally an area of psychological expertise and the principal aim of this project is to [start] a significant sociological contribution to the study of pain perception , building on the post-holder 's doctoral research .

Fogarty was left to move further and further ahead as Joey Dunlop took up the challenge , then Robert Dunlop made up ground rapidly after being seventh at the end of lap one , and by the end of the second lap it was Joey ahead of Robert to initiate a battle which continued until the end of the race when Robert just squeezed ahead .
fogarty was left to move further and further ahead as joey dunlop took up the challenge , then robert dunlop made up ground rapidly after being seventh at the end of lap one , and by the end of the second lap it was joey ahead of robert to [start] a battle which continued until the end of the race when robert just squeezed ahead .

He also proposes to initiate discussions on planning procedures , within the context of the new statutory planning and local government systems .
he also proposes to [start] discussions on planning procedures , within the context of the new statutory planning and local government systems .

1 control system can be `` taught `` to initiate deceleration at the appropriate t , if it is programmed to learn from its previous attempts at producing an optimal trajectory .
1 control system can be `` taught `` to [start] deceleration at the appropriate t , if it is programmed to learn from its previous attempts at producing an optimal trajectory .

To call this a ‘ life ’ cycle would be to beg an important question , but it is a cycle of a sort , and it shares with true life cycles the ability to initiate cumulative selection .
to call this a ‘ life ’ cycle would be to beg an important question , but it is a cycle of a sort , and it shares with true life cycles the ability to [start] cumulative selection .

Her father `` would have died `` if one of his children had arrived home in the middle of the day , so she did n't initiate him too closely into the delights of higher education .
her father `` would have died `` if one of his children had arrived home in the middle of the day , so she did n't [start] him too closely into the delights of higher education .

At the Royal Society launch therefore we convened an impressive group of people who might initiate and carry forward the discussion .
at the royal society launch therefore we convened an impressive group of people who might [start] and carry forward the discussion .

‘ Then let us initiate some more of it . ’
‘ then let us [start] some more of it . ’

He 'd just been rather cleverer and more subtle at how he 'd gone about seducing her , even ensuring that she 'd initiate the first moves .
he 'd just been rather cleverer and more subtle at how he 'd gone about seducing her , even ensuring that she 'd [start] the first moves .

Dr Pacque 's job will be to initiate and plan programmes for distributing ivermectin first in Mali , then in Guinea and Sierra Leone and later in other West African countries , including Nigeria .
dr pacque 's job will be to [start] and plan programmes for distributing ivermectin first in mali , then in guinea and sierra leone and later in other west african countries , including nigeria .

It also sought to initiate a debate on how we can start regenerating the north of England and develop a more balanced nation .
it also sought to [start] a debate on how we can start regenerating the north of england and develop a more balanced nation .

Will it be possible for the Lord President of the Council to ask the Department of Transport to make a statement or to initiate an early debate on the proposed review of coastguard services , a matter of serious concern to all of us who represent maritime constituencies ? Fears have been raised about a reduction in manpower , and we should like to explore the matter further .
will it be possible for the lord president of the council to ask the department of transport to make a statement or to [start] an early debate on the proposed review of coastguard services , a matter of serious concern to all of us who represent maritime constituencies ? fears have been raised about a reduction in manpower , and we should like to explore the matter further .

The extraction activities began at Druridge bay many years ago and my right hon. Friend does not have powers to initiate environmental assessments in such circumstances .
the extraction activities began at druridge bay many years ago and my right hon. friend does not have powers to [start] environmental assessments in such circumstances .

Will the Government now say that we shall initiate urgent discussions with both the United States and our European partners to isolate Burma — .
will the government now say that we shall [start] urgent discussions with both the united states and our european partners to isolate burma — .

It was that independence which enabled us to participate in the Gulf war and to initiate the Falklands conflict without having to secure the agreement of our 11 Community colleagues .
it was that independence which enabled us to participate in the gulf war and to [start] the falklands conflict without having to secure the agreement of our 11 community colleagues .

The European Parliament should be given further additional powers : powers to initiate proposals for legislation , which would be considered by the Commission and the Council of Ministers ; powers of second reading on social and environmental decisions by the Council of Ministers .
the european parliament should be given further additional powers : powers to [start] proposals for legislation , which would be considered by the commission and the council of ministers ; powers of second reading on social and environmental decisions by the council of ministers .

As her confidence increased , they made desultory conversations , though , remembering Fen 's dislike of being quizzed , Robbie left him to initiate the subjects for discussion .
as her confidence increased , they made desultory conversations , though , remembering fen 's dislike of being quizzed , robbie left him to [start] the subjects for discussion .

While the powers of the Commission to initiate policy may be conceived of as those normally possessed de facto by an unelected civil service , the powers of interpretation and of law-making are in a true democracy the preserve of the judiciary and elected legislature .
while the powers of the commission to [start] policy may be conceived of as those normally possessed de facto by an unelected civil service , the powers of interpretation and of law-making are in a true democracy the preserve of the judiciary and elected legislature .

The Danish prime minister , Mr Poul Schlüter , has made it clear that he will not initiate a further referendum on the basis of the existing text .
the danish prime minister , mr poul schlüter , has made it clear that he will not [start] a further referendum on the basis of the existing text .

This is because it is only the school and its daily managers who can assess what it can afford — and what it has to afford — to do in terms of staff time and money and because it is the school which has , in the end , to initiate any assessment of the type of community assistance which will provide its partners with the benefits they seek .
this is because it is only the school and its daily managers who can assess what it can afford — and what it has to afford — to do in terms of staff time and money and because it is the school which has , in the end , to [start] any assessment of the type of community assistance which will provide its partners with the benefits they seek .

By mid-August Franco 's troops were poised to initiate the drive for Madrid .
by mid-august franco 's troops were poised to [start] the drive for madrid .

Thus , three days after the February 1957 cabinet changes , a law was passed which , by giving Carrero 's department the power to `` initiate , draft and programme legislation `` , effectively transferred the onus of policy-making to the Presidency .
thus , three days after the february 1957 cabinet changes , a law was passed which , by giving carrero 's department the power to `` [start] , draft and programme legislation `` , effectively transferred the onus of policy-making to the presidency .

The student is required to take a leading role in undertaking the activity and to initiate and sustain working relationships throughout the module .
the student is required to take a leading role in undertaking the activity and to [start] and sustain working relationships throughout the module .

It was suggested , perhaps uncontroversially , in the Green Paper , Trade Unions and Their Members , that a system for enforcing the statutory duties which a trade union owes to its members should serve three purposes -enable interested parties to initiate complaint procedures easily and at reasonable costs ; -ensure that such complaints are handled speedily and that remedies available where complaints are upheld are effective ; and -give protection against unfair treatment of complainants by trade unions .
it was suggested , perhaps uncontroversially , in the green paper , trade unions and their members , that a system for enforcing the statutory duties which a trade union owes to its members should serve three purposes -enable interested parties to [start] complaint procedures easily and at reasonable costs ; -ensure that such complaints are handled speedily and that remedies available where complaints are upheld are effective ; and -give protection against unfair treatment of complainants by trade unions .

Baker proposes a gradual approach to regional peace and calls on Israelis and Arabs to initiate `` confidence-building `` measures .
baker proposes a gradual approach to regional peace and calls on israelis and arabs to [start] `` confidence-building `` measures .

There were also efforts to initiate a solution among Arab countries .
there were also efforts to [start] a solution among arab countries .

The move was announced as the Soviet Union came under increasing pressure to hold a summit meeting , at which it had been planned to initiate major changes in the organization , as agreed in principle at the June 1990 summit of the Pact [ see p. 37550 ] .
the move was announced as the soviet union came under increasing pressure to hold a summit meeting , at which it had been planned to [start] major changes in the organization , as agreed in principle at the june 1990 summit of the pact [ see p. 37550 ] .

Wingti vowed , if elected , to initiate a thorough investigation of all charges and to prosecute and imprison all senior officials found to have engaged in corrupt practices .
wingti vowed , if elected , to [start] a thorough investigation of all charges and to prosecute and imprison all senior officials found to have engaged in corrupt practices .

On April 18 President George Bush announced an `` America 2000 strategy `` of `` bold , complex and long-range reforms `` designed to initiate a `` true renaissance in American education `` .
on april 18 president george bush announced an `` america 2000 strategy `` of `` bold , complex and long-range reforms `` designed to [start] a `` true renaissance in american education `` .

If approved , such `` associations `` would have no right to collective bargaining or to initiate industrial action .
if approved , such `` associations `` would have no right to collective bargaining or to [start] industrial action .

The largely ceremonial meetings which began in Madrid on Oct. 30 were expected to last three days and were intended merely to initiate a wider negotiating process .
the largely ceremonial meetings which began in madrid on oct. 30 were expected to last three days and were intended merely to [start] a wider negotiating process .

This led several members of the Congress to question the Assembly 's moral right to initiate political reforms .
this led several members of the congress to question the assembly 's moral right to [start] political reforms .

This was sooner than had been expected , President José Eduardo dos Santos declaring that it was not necessary to wait for the end of the war to initiate the reforms .
this was sooner than had been expected , president josé eduardo dos santos declaring that it was not necessary to wait for the end of the war to [start] the reforms .

Lamont told the House of Commons on Oct. 22 that legislation would be introduced to enable the Bank of England to refuse or revoke authorization of banks where , because of their international structure , it could not exercise proper supervision , and the government intended to initiate a strengthening of international supervisory co-operation .
lamont told the house of commons on oct. 22 that legislation would be introduced to enable the bank of england to refuse or revoke authorization of banks where , because of their international structure , it could not exercise proper supervision , and the government intended to [start] a strengthening of international supervisory co-operation .

But in September 1015 he appeared off Sandwich again , to initiate fourteen months of campaigning , largely against Æthelred 's son Edmund Ironside , and of an intensity not seen since the days of Alfred .
but in september 1015 he appeared off sandwich again , to [start] fourteen months of campaigning , largely against æthelred 's son edmund ironside , and of an intensity not seen since the days of alfred .

In 1018 Thietmar of Merseburg says that he destroyed the crews of thirty pirate ships , and he perhaps visited Canterbury to initiate his important and generally good relations with the archbishopric .
in 1018 thietmar of merseburg says that he destroyed the crews of thirty pirate ships , and he perhaps visited canterbury to [start] his important and generally good relations with the archbishopric .

In particular the deterrent effect is weak since the penalties for operating an illegal cartel are inadequate , and the Director General of Fair Trading has few powers to intervene and initiate investigations in situations where there is a suspicion that a secret cartel is in operation .
in particular the deterrent effect is weak since the penalties for operating an illegal cartel are inadequate , and the director general of fair trading has few powers to intervene and [start] investigations in situations where there is a suspicion that a secret cartel is in operation .

Donald , one of our neighbours , undertook to initiate us into the art of peat-cutting .
donald , one of our neighbours , undertook to [start] us into the art of peat-cutting .

Three days after the coup , the provisional picture which has emerged from carefully phrased official clarifications , and unofficial leaks , is that the Bush administration did not initiate the rebellion but knew about it at least two days in advance and had promised , or at least hinted at , limited support .
three days after the coup , the provisional picture which has emerged from carefully phrased official clarifications , and unofficial leaks , is that the bush administration did not [start] the rebellion but knew about it at least two days in advance and had promised , or at least hinted at , limited support .

Willie Carson , who takes over on Glasgow , may initiate a double with Tiger Claw in the Town Purse Handicap ( 2.30 ) .
willie carson , who takes over on glasgow , may [start] a double with tiger claw in the town purse handicap ( 2.30 ) .

By then it was usually too late to accelerate existing contracts or to initiate new ones .
by then it was usually too late to accelerate existing contracts or to [start] new ones .

He is planning to go to Tehran to initiate peace moves through the Islamic Conference Organisation .
he is planning to go to tehran to [start] peace moves through the islamic conference organisation .

This month its old-guard steering committee decided a better constitution would include annual meetings by the assembly , and powers for it to initiate laws and to veto bills from the legislature .
this month its old-guard steering committee decided a better constitution would include annual meetings by the assembly , and powers for it to [start] laws and to veto bills from the legislature .

She describes as a calamity the declaration by the Director of Public Prosecutions that there is ‘ insufficient evidence ’ to initiate proceedings against Juliette by the Marquis de Sade .
she describes as a calamity the declaration by the director of public prosecutions that there is ‘ insufficient evidence ’ to [start] proceedings against juliette by the marquis de sade .

The Bundestag does not initiate legislation and government proposals are hardly ever defeated on the floor of the house .
the bundestag does not [start] legislation and government proposals are hardly ever defeated on the floor of the house .

The Ministry will also initiate legislation for women .
the ministry will also [start] legislation for women .

it is senior management 's responsibility to initiate , devise , maintain and evaluate a viable policy and system of communication which is designed to inform employees regularly about the enterprise
it is senior management 's responsibility to [start] , devise , maintain and evaluate a viable policy and system of communication which is designed to inform employees regularly about the enterprise

The results show that when body temperature is low or falling then not only is fatigue higher but also sleep is easier to initiate .
the results show that when body temperature is low or falling then not only is fatigue higher but also sleep is easier to [start] .

Keith Wells pointed out that the title Sheffield Shares is deliberately ambiguous — it can be taken to mean Sheffield 's shares , as in ‘ shares ’ which are up for grabs by keen or greedy speculators ( my interpretation ) , but it can also mean Sheffield shares as in ‘ shares its wealth ’ — ‘ and that 's basically what we are trying to initiate here .
keith wells pointed out that the title sheffield shares is deliberately ambiguous — it can be taken to mean sheffield 's shares , as in ‘ shares ’ which are up for grabs by keen or greedy speculators ( my interpretation ) , but it can also mean sheffield shares as in ‘ shares its wealth ’ — ‘ and that 's basically what we are trying to [start] here .

The Boultings went from thrillers and melodramas to initiate a series of often strained films making fun of British institutions .
the boultings went from thrillers and melodramas to [start] a series of often strained films making fun of british institutions .

Although former presidents Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan endorsed the strong medicine prescribed by previous chairman Paul Volcker , neither was likely to initiate such a devastating cure .
although former presidents jimmy carter and ronald reagan endorsed the strong medicine prescribed by previous chairman paul volcker , neither was likely to [start] such a devastating cure .

These are taught to the initiate to show him the accepted response to the vagaries of order , disorder , ambiguity , and ambivalence which lies in the complexities of social behaviour .
these are taught to the [start] to show him the accepted response to the vagaries of order , disorder , ambiguity , and ambivalence which lies in the complexities of social behaviour .

It is hoped that the first year 's crop of students will stay on at Hooke Park to help initiate a production plant there .
it is hoped that the first year 's crop of students will stay on at hooke park to help [start] a production plant there .

As a focal point for commercial interests in the community , Chambers of Commerce are often ideally placed to initiate and support local crime prevention projects .
as a focal point for commercial interests in the community , chambers of commerce are often ideally placed to [start] and support local crime prevention projects .

And the more you can show you have been closely involved in the battle from an early stage , the more weight you will carry if and when you decide to initiate legal action .
and the more you can show you have been closely involved in the battle from an early stage , the more weight you will carry if and when you decide to [start] legal action .

Most left journals were either unwilling , or unable , to use the film to initiate any political criticism or debate .
most left journals were either unwilling , or unable , to use the film to [start] any political criticism or debate .

‘ There 'd be the official ceremony , then the men would take the new person off and say , now we 're going to really initiate you .
‘ there 'd be the official ceremony , then the men would take the new person off and say , now we 're going to really [start] you .

They , and the delicate balancing relationship between them , will all have been dramatically upset by the decision of the American commander-in-chief , George Bush , to initiate military action yesterday to overthrow General Noriega .
they , and the delicate balancing relationship between them , will all have been dramatically upset by the decision of the american commander-in-chief , george bush , to [start] military action yesterday to overthrow general noriega .

The government saw it as a means to increase the resources under its control ; those few livestock owners who were aware of the project saw it as a means to acquire more stock and supplies of water , but with no thought of selling more of their animals ; the Bank saw it as an intervention which would initiate a commercial livestock industry in Tanzania , a means of increasing resource utilization and exports .
the government saw it as a means to increase the resources under its control ; those few livestock owners who were aware of the project saw it as a means to acquire more stock and supplies of water , but with no thought of selling more of their animals ; the bank saw it as an intervention which would [start] a commercial livestock industry in tanzania , a means of increasing resource utilization and exports .

This break with post-war social assumptions proved relatively easy to initiate : by the end of 1984 , 800,000 council tenants were buying their own homes .
this break with post-war social assumptions proved relatively easy to [start] : by the end of 1984 , 800,000 council tenants were buying their own homes .

Yet , though schools may participate in social change , they are more likely to echo it than initiate it .
yet , though schools may participate in social change , they are more likely to echo it than [start] it .

Within this perceptual framework , White women are frequently seen as agents in the narrative disruption which Black people initiate : it is the ‘ skirts ’ whose sexuality in one form or another is out of control or misplaced .
within this perceptual framework , white women are frequently seen as agents in the narrative disruption which black people [start] : it is the ‘ skirts ’ whose sexuality in one form or another is out of control or misplaced .

During a jazzy quartet for the women , the company 's shambling clown is dangerously over-excited by one dancer 's leggy prowess , attempting to nuzzle up against her or to initiate a wildly mismatched pas de deux .
during a jazzy quartet for the women , the company 's shambling clown is dangerously over-excited by one dancer 's leggy prowess , attempting to nuzzle up against her or to [start] a wildly mismatched pas de deux .

’ And a minority of two physicists , Doctors Fermi and Rabi , added : ‘ It is necessarily an evil thing considered in any light … We think it wrong on fundamental ethical principles to initiate the development of such a weapon .
’ and a minority of two physicists , doctors fermi and rabi , added : ‘ it is necessarily an evil thing considered in any light … we think it wrong on fundamental ethical principles to [start] the development of such a weapon .

Franca did not initiate any meetings .
franca did not [start] any meetings .

Marcus again smiled what Ludens saw as a mysterious complicit smile , as if Ludens were a talented tempter who was at the same time a fellow initiate .
marcus again smiled what ludens saw as a mysterious complicit smile , as if ludens were a talented tempter who was at the same time a fellow [start] .

Paraguay does not even have a department or other state institution which is supposed to initiate soil conservation and range management .
paraguay does not even have a department or other state institution which is supposed to [start] soil conservation and range management .

If he could get a job , it might be easier to initiate some change .
if he could get a job , it might be easier to [start] some change .

‘ Tending to initiate ; that which induces a person to act ’
‘ tending to [start] ; that which induces a person to act ’

They are the verbs which should initiate the style of movement needed to sustain a ballet .
they are the verbs which should [start] the style of movement needed to sustain a ballet .

They include a proposal that the European Parliament have the right to initiate legislation , albeit perhaps jointly with the Commission ; and what is called ‘ a joint decision-making by Parliament in any new areas introduced under the new treaties ’ .
they include a proposal that the european parliament have the right to [start] legislation , albeit perhaps jointly with the commission ; and what is called ‘ a joint decision-making by parliament in any new areas introduced under the new treaties ’ .

‘ We have tried to initiate such action , you may be sure .
‘ we have tried to [start] such action , you may be sure .

He is in a better position than others to initiate confrontation and he has some resources at his disposal .
he is in a better position than others to [start] confrontation and he has some resources at his disposal .

Do they initiate change and if so , what kind of change ?
do they [start] change and if so , what kind of change ?

Capital may flourish from limitations on imports , curbs on , or the expropriation of , foreign companies , and the expansion the State may initiate to secure its power .
capital may flourish from limitations on imports , curbs on , or the expropriation of , foreign companies , and the expansion the state may [start] to secure its power .

There are certain areas of the body which can initiate movement patterns , if they are held and moved in certain ways , taking into account the effect of gravity on them .
there are certain areas of the body which can [start] movement patterns , if they are held and moved in certain ways , taking into account the effect of gravity on them .

Although he did not know it at the time , Hess 's work was to initiate a revolution in geological and geophysical thinking , and ultimately it became the foundation of a major new theory about how continents and oceans are related , and what part volcanoes play in the evolution of the Earth .
although he did not know it at the time , hess 's work was to [start] a revolution in geological and geophysical thinking , and ultimately it became the foundation of a major new theory about how continents and oceans are related , and what part volcanoes play in the evolution of the earth .

Do not be the one to initiate the handshake but be quick to respond to the interviewer 's gesture .
do not be the one to [start] the handshake but be quick to respond to the interviewer 's gesture .

More formally , the social procedures which initiate people into new roles and responsibilities can help to equip them to respond positively to the challenge of the new .
more formally , the social procedures which [start] people into new roles and responsibilities can help to equip them to respond positively to the challenge of the new .

The teacher may initiate ideas through the provision of new and varied equipment and the use of stories or rhymes , but the development of the play arises from the spontaneous interest of the children themselves .
the teacher may [start] ideas through the provision of new and varied equipment and the use of stories or rhymes , but the development of the play arises from the spontaneous interest of the children themselves .

In the following example the teacher has quite deliberately sought to initiate interest in the comparison of ages and heights , by arranging for older brothers and sisters to visit the group .
in the following example the teacher has quite deliberately sought to [start] interest in the comparison of ages and heights , by arranging for older brothers and sisters to visit the group .

The children in the following example were using a collection of beads , and their teacher decided to initiate an activity .
the children in the following example were using a collection of beads , and their teacher decided to [start] an activity .

Shirley ( 4.6 ) and Trevor ( 4.8 ) are looking at the shells and their teacher , noticing their interest in the different kinds , joins with them to initiate a ‘ spontaneous ’ sorting activity .
shirley ( 4.6 ) and trevor ( 4.8 ) are looking at the shells and their teacher , noticing their interest in the different kinds , joins with them to [start] a ‘ spontaneous ’ sorting activity .

In this first example we see how a teacher is able to initiate a sorting activity following a child 's chance remark .
in this first example we see how a teacher is able to [start] a sorting activity following a child 's chance remark .

Where identified needs are not met by existing groups to initiate and organise appropriate training activities .
where identified needs are not met by existing groups to [start] and organise appropriate training activities .

Through their properties of adherence to vascular or foreign surfaces and their aggregation with other platelets they can initiate haemostasis .
through their properties of adherence to vascular or foreign surfaces and their aggregation with other platelets they can [start] haemostasis .

Should the local authority refuse to initiate formal proceedings for some reason , perhaps because they are of the opinion that the odour does not amount to a statutory nuisance or they themselves are causing the offending odour , then an individual complainant may himself take summary action under s.99 of the Public Health Act 1936 , ( see Chapter 3 ) but may not bring proceedings in the High Court .
should the local authority refuse to [start] formal proceedings for some reason , perhaps because they are of the opinion that the odour does not amount to a statutory nuisance or they themselves are causing the offending odour , then an individual complainant may himself take summary action under s.99 of the public health act 1936 , ( see chapter 3 ) but may not bring proceedings in the high court .

On occasions an odour may be due to , or coincide with , the emission of dark or black smoke , in which case a local authority may be able to initiate action under the Clean Air Acts of 1956 and 1968 , except where the emission arises at works registered under the Alkali , etc. , Works Regulation Act 1906 .
on occasions an odour may be due to , or coincide with , the emission of dark or black smoke , in which case a local authority may be able to [start] action under the clean air acts of 1956 and 1968 , except where the emission arises at works registered under the alkali , etc. , works regulation act 1906 .

Force yourself to initiate a conversation lasting at least five minutes with a stranger every other day .
force yourself to [start] a conversation lasting at least five minutes with a stranger every other day .

Moreover , any information the Commission obtains must be used exclusively for the purpose of the investigation for which it was acquired , although the Commission can legitimately initiate an investigation prompted by information acquired incidentally in the course of a previous investigation .
moreover , any information the commission obtains must be used exclusively for the purpose of the investigation for which it was acquired , although the commission can legitimately [start] an investigation prompted by information acquired incidentally in the course of a previous investigation .

Such a cohesive transformation under molecular drive could initiate new modes of biological organisation .
such a cohesive transformation under molecular drive could [start] new modes of biological organisation .

This membrane then fuses with the membrane of a cell body called a lysosome and the virus is eventually released from the lysosome to initiate infection ( see New Scientist , 10 February , p 372 ) .
this membrane then fuses with the membrane of a cell body called a lysosome and the virus is eventually released from the lysosome to [start] infection ( see new scientist , 10 february , p 372 ) .

The copper is then moving against a concentration gradient , yet it will continue to do so as long as light is shone on the system to initiate the chain of transferred electrons .
the copper is then moving against a concentration gradient , yet it will continue to do so as long as light is shone on the system to [start] the chain of transferred electrons .

Females tended to initiate courtship , and there were often fights between females when a hen approached a courting pair .
females tended to [start] courtship , and there were often fights between females when a hen approached a courting pair .

It seems likely that it involved the utilisation of the X-rays emitted by the fission bomb trigger to propagate the explosion throughout the charge of thermonuclear fuel ; travelling at the speed of light they could initiate the fusion reaction in all parts of the charge in a time much less than could be achieved by shock waves ( travelling at perhaps 104m/s ) , so that a substantial degree of reaction Could occur before the material was dispersed by the explosion ( New Scientist , 2 September , 1982 , p641 ) .
it seems likely that it involved the utilisation of the x-rays emitted by the fission bomb trigger to propagate the explosion throughout the charge of thermonuclear fuel ; travelling at the speed of light they could [start] the fusion reaction in all parts of the charge in a time much less than could be achieved by shock waves ( travelling at perhaps 104m/s ) , so that a substantial degree of reaction could occur before the material was dispersed by the explosion ( new scientist , 2 september , 1982 , p641 ) .

An insect with a primary infection on a leg can easily spread spores to other locations simply by brushing the infected appendage against other parts of the body , and non-sexual contact with an infected individual can also initiate infections in randomly-scattered locations .
an insect with a primary infection on a leg can easily spread spores to other locations simply by brushing the infected appendage against other parts of the body , and non-sexual contact with an infected individual can also [start] infections in randomly-scattered locations .

It is no good for a wife to initiate changes that will affect both partners before talking things over thoroughly with her husband .
it is no good for a wife to [start] changes that will affect both partners before talking things over thoroughly with her husband .

This came into being when the very first change in the first cell took place , and that change , which was the first biochemical action , ultimately proved to have been , or must be acknowledged to have been , taken to initiate the process which would continue indefinitely to produce a living being with an ever-increasing capacity to enjoy life .
this came into being when the very first change in the first cell took place , and that change , which was the first biochemical action , ultimately proved to have been , or must be acknowledged to have been , taken to [start] the process which would continue indefinitely to produce a living being with an ever-increasing capacity to enjoy life .

Granted that it is possible to initiate the civilisation of a child by giving it a knowledge of right and wrong , the question arises ‘ How does this knowledge become an automatic power of conscience which enables or compels the child , and later the adult , to act accordingly ?
granted that it is possible to [start] the civilisation of a child by giving it a knowledge of right and wrong , the question arises ‘ how does this knowledge become an automatic power of conscience which enables or compels the child , and later the adult , to act accordingly ?

In addition there are conditions where the psychological component is only a small part of the story — it can make the symptoms worse but not initiate the illness .
in addition there are conditions where the psychological component is only a small part of the story — it can make the symptoms worse but not [start] the illness .

One might reasonably ask why the Library Association , the body responsible for all professional matters concerned with the operation of libraries , including attempts to impose acts of censorship in libraries , did not itself initiate legal action against the News International ban . In fact under the terms of the Public Libraries and Museums Act 1964 , it was the duty of the Minister for the Arts to act :
one might reasonably ask why the library association , the body responsible for all professional matters concerned with the operation of libraries , including attempts to impose acts of censorship in libraries , did not itself [start] legal action against the news international ban . in fact under the terms of the public libraries and museums act 1964 , it was the duty of the minister for the arts to act :

In the light of Government inaction , one might reasonably ask again why the Library Association did not then initiate legal action against the News International ban .
in the light of government inaction , one might reasonably ask again why the library association did not then [start] legal action against the news international ban .

It highlights the difficult position that the professional frequently faces in cases of library censorship because even if the employer does not initiate the censorship , the censorship is generally ratified by the employer .
it highlights the difficult position that the professional frequently faces in cases of library censorship because even if the employer does not [start] the censorship , the censorship is generally ratified by the employer .

The University has established a number of Interdisciplinary Research Centres which initiate and develop interdisciplinary research in collaboration with industry , commerce , the public sector , research institutes and institutions of education , at both national and international level .
the university has established a number of interdisciplinary research centres which [start] and develop interdisciplinary research in collaboration with industry , commerce , the public sector , research institutes and institutions of education , at both national and international level .

She says ‘ It was clear that the sister 's influence on learning extended beyond the actual teaching she did ; for she was able to initiate teaching and ( through her ward organisation ) place learners in situations in which they had an opportunity to learn ’ ( Fretwell , 1980 , p. 70 ) .
she says ‘ it was clear that the sister 's influence on learning extended beyond the actual teaching she did ; for she was able to [start] teaching and ( through her ward organisation ) place learners in situations in which they had an opportunity to learn ’ ( fretwell , 1980 , p. 70 ) .

Self-mutilation of the genitals very occasionally occurs in transsexual patients in an attempt to initiate sex change .
self-mutilation of the genitals very occasionally occurs in transsexual patients in an attempt to [start] sex change .

On closer questioning it was found that he had been harbouring strong transsexual feelings for some while and that the injury resulted from an urge to initiate a sex change .
on closer questioning it was found that he had been harbouring strong transsexual feelings for some while and that the injury resulted from an urge to [start] a sex change .

Those who initiate racialist talk ( without referring to a racist ideology ) may be a minority too , but since they are rarely contradicted or opposed they tend to shape the norms of the group .
those who [start] racialist talk ( without referring to a racist ideology ) may be a minority too , but since they are rarely contradicted or opposed they tend to shape the norms of the group .

However , in contrast , successive Sudanese governments have made little attempt to initiate radical social transformation .
however , in contrast , successive sudanese governments have made little attempt to [start] radical social transformation .

Judy Dunn found that two-year-old second-born children were just as likely as their elders to initiate a quarrel , to tease , and to hit .
judy dunn found that two-year-old second-born children were just as likely as their elders to [start] a quarrel , to tease , and to hit .

This attempted to establish uniform expenditure targets that , if substantially exceeded , would initiate penalties .
this attempted to establish uniform expenditure targets that , if substantially exceeded , would [start] penalties .

These organizations were to initiate a renewal scheme for one of the most deprived areas in Britain .
these organizations were to [start] a renewal scheme for one of the most deprived areas in britain .

In any case it is always easier to initiate , rather than terminate , policy .
in any case it is always easier to [start] , rather than terminate , policy .

Although it was always assumed that the Urban Programme would aim to initiate innovative projects , there must be some doubt whether this has always happened .
although it was always assumed that the urban programme would aim to [start] innovative projects , there must be some doubt whether this has always happened .

The Treasury defeated this proposal , but the Cabinet was prepared to initiate a new approach to Liverpool 's difficulties — the task Force .
the treasury defeated this proposal , but the cabinet was prepared to [start] a new approach to liverpool 's difficulties — the task force .

Central government can sometimes initiate these rather more informal approaches towards economic and physical renewal .
central government can sometimes [start] these rather more informal approaches towards economic and physical renewal .

These problems also occur in developed countries ( section 6.3.3 ) , but here there is sufficient finance and expertise to initiate reclamation programmes .
these problems also occur in developed countries ( section 6.3.3 ) , but here there is sufficient finance and expertise to [start] reclamation programmes .

For headaches with any symptoms involving other parts of the nervous system , such as disturbances of sensation , especially vision and dizziness or any disturbed capacity to initiate movement , such as speech difficulty or weakness .
for headaches with any symptoms involving other parts of the nervous system , such as disturbances of sensation , especially vision and dizziness or any disturbed capacity to [start] movement , such as speech difficulty or weakness .

Another factor which may initiate a bout of thrush is mechanical injury .
another factor which may [start] a bout of thrush is mechanical injury .

Christed — initiate .
christed — [start] .

Chinese parents , however , were far more likely to initiate these tales of misdeeds than were Americans .
chinese parents , however , were far more likely to [start] these tales of misdeeds than were americans .

Cara , a demanding but spirited 5-year-old , likes to initiate make-believe with the following transparent role reversal : “ Mom , I ’ ll be the mother , and you be my child 5 years old. ” Cara ’ s mother plays along for a while and then deliberately transgresses , refusing to eat her vegetables or pick up her toys .
cara , a demanding but spirited 5-year-old , likes to [start] make-believe with the following transparent role reversal : “ mom , i ’ ll be the mother , and you be my child 5 years old. ” cara ’ s mother plays along for a while and then deliberately transgresses , refusing to eat her vegetables or pick up her toys .

At age 1 , mothers initiate almost all make-believe episodes .
at age 1 , mothers [start] almost all make-believe episodes .

In the wake of the Holocaust , the Germans recognized that this was the proper way to initiate the catalogue of basic rights in the 1949 Basic Law ( Constitution ) : “ Human dignity is inviolable .
in the wake of the holocaust , the germans recognized that this was the proper way to [start] the catalogue of basic rights in the 1949 basic law ( constitution ) : “ human dignity is inviolable .

You initiate the second part of the power stroke by pushing on the handle and moving the cylinder out of contact with the hot T1 reservoir to a position between the two heat reservoirs , touching neither .
you [start] the second part of the power stroke by pushing on the handle and moving the cylinder out of contact with the hot t1 reservoir to a position between the two heat reservoirs , touching neither .

Nor can the moneys be spent to initiate or participate in a class-action lawsuit .
nor can the moneys be spent to [start] or participate in a class-action lawsuit .

Major injury as a unique opportunity to initiate treatment in the alcoholic .
major injury as a unique opportunity to [start] treatment in the alcoholic .

He asked whether we might initiate pharmocotherapy for patients with alcohol-related problems in the ED , much like we initiate use of oral hypoglycemics and anti-hypertensives with some type of follow-up .
he asked whether we might [start] pharmocotherapy for patients with alcohol-related problems in the ed , much like we [start] use of oral hypoglycemics and anti-hypertensives with some type of follow-up .

Improved products and services • Initiate actions and manage risks to develop new products and services within or outside the organization .
improved products and services • [start] actions and manage risks to develop new products and services within or outside the organization .

The state currently has models for physician and dental providers and plans to initiate a model for pharmaceutical providers .
the state currently has models for physician and dental providers and plans to [start] a model for pharmaceutical providers .

For that to happen , the top leadership in each agency has to initiate results-oriented management , keep the agency focused on it , and embed its principles in the organization 's basic approach to doing business .
for that to happen , the top leadership in each agency has to [start] results-oriented management , keep the agency focused on it , and embed its principles in the organization 's basic approach to doing business .

Nevertheless , to ensure that overpayments were collected , the agency would take the most expedient of the three following options to recover funds : ( 1 ) obtain reimbursement from the traveler , ( 2 ) make deductions from other travel payments due the traveler , or ( 3 ) initiate action for payroll deductions from the traveler 's salary.18 The agency 's goal was to 18 The agency 's attorneys had provided clearance to the financial office regarding authority to make payroll deductions from employees for overpayment of travel claims .
nevertheless , to ensure that overpayments were collected , the agency would take the most expedient of the three following options to recover funds : ( 1 ) obtain reimbursement from the traveler , ( 2 ) make deductions from other travel payments due the traveler , or ( 3 ) [start] action for payroll deductions from the traveler 's salary.18 the agency 's goal was to 18 the agency 's attorneys had provided clearance to the financial office regarding authority to make payroll deductions from employees for overpayment of travel claims .

In early 1998 , JFMIP decided to initiate projects to update system requirements documents that were not current with regulations and legislation .
in early 1998 , jfmip decided to [start] projects to update system requirements documents that were not current with regulations and legislation .

JFMIP also planned to initiate projects to complete the remaining systems requirements where none currently exist .
jfmip also planned to [start] projects to complete the remaining systems requirements where none currently exist .

After accepting the request , GAO will initiate a meeting with the requester 's staff within 20 business days of receiving the request to gain a better understanding of the requester 's need for information and the nature of the research questions .
after accepting the request , gao will [start] a meeting with the requester 's staff within 20 business days of receiving the request to gain a better understanding of the requester 's need for information and the nature of the research questions .

Performance audits provide information to improve program operations and facilitate decision-making by parties with responsibility to oversee or initiate corrective action , and improve public accountability .
performance audits provide information to improve program operations and facilitate decision-making by parties with responsibility to oversee or [start] corrective action , and improve public accountability .

Performance audits provide information to improve program operations and facilitate decisionmaking by parties with responsibility to oversee or initiate corrective action , and improve public accountability .
performance audits provide information to improve program operations and facilitate decisionmaking by parties with responsibility to oversee or [start] corrective action , and improve public accountability .

Press Policy GAO does not initiate press conferences , but senior GAO officials may participate in press conferences held by Members of Congress , if requested .
press policy gao does not [start] press conferences , but senior gao officials may participate in press conferences held by members of congress , if requested .

Rather than initiate a job requiring 1,000 staff days or more , Page 40 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations when we do not have an adequate on-the-shelf set of designs and measures , an exploratory case study can save time and money in implementation as well as improving the confidence we have in our results .
rather than [start] a job requiring 1,000 staff days or more , page 40 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations when we do not have an adequate on-the-shelf set of designs and measures , an exploratory case study can save time and money in implementation as well as improving the confidence we have in our results .

Attorneys working for LSC-funded programs may no longer , for example , initiate or participate in class action lawsuits , collect courtawarded attorneys ' fees , represent prisoners or certain categories of aliens , or take cases involving political redistricting , abortion , or drug-related public housing evictions.4 Another major reform of 1996 instituted a competitive bidding process for LSC service contracts , requiring programs to demonstrate results and progress as a condition of continued federal funding.5 Finally , in 1996 Congress approved a one-third reduction in LSC 's annual appropriation , from $ 400 million to $ 278 million.6 In July 1995 , in anticipation of the funding cutbacks , LSC initiated the broad outlines of its `` state planning process '' to highlight strategies by which programs could stretch scarce federal dollars to help ensure that all low-income clients have an equal opportunity to receive the most accessible , effective legal assistance possible .
attorneys working for lsc-funded programs may no longer , for example , [start] or participate in class action lawsuits , collect courtawarded attorneys ' fees , represent prisoners or certain categories of aliens , or take cases involving political redistricting , abortion , or drug-related public housing evictions.4 another major reform of 1996 instituted a competitive bidding process for lsc service contracts , requiring programs to demonstrate results and progress as a condition of continued federal funding.5 finally , in 1996 congress approved a one-third reduction in lsc 's annual appropriation , from $ 400 million to $ 278 million.6 in july 1995 , in anticipation of the funding cutbacks , lsc initiated the broad outlines of its `` state planning process '' to highlight strategies by which programs could stretch scarce federal dollars to help ensure that all low-income clients have an equal opportunity to receive the most accessible , effective legal assistance possible .

In 1997 , LSC began to initiate a series of efforts that we believed would ensure that services to clients did not falter in a time of decreasing resources and limited opportunities .
in 1997 , lsc began to [start] a series of efforts that we believed would ensure that services to clients did not falter in a time of decreasing resources and limited opportunities .

Grantees may also initiate representation of aliens in the unrestricted categories who are temporarily outside the United States , provided that they have been present sufficient to maintain and have not abandoned their residence or INA status .
grantees may also [start] representation of aliens in the unrestricted categories who are temporarily outside the united states , provided that they have been present sufficient to maintain and have not abandoned their residence or ina status .

Grantees may also initiate representation of aliens in the unrestricted categories who are temporarily outside the United States , provided that they have been present sufficient to maintain and have not abandoned their residence or INA status .
grantees may also [start] representation of aliens in the unrestricted categories who are temporarily outside the united states , provided that they have been present sufficient to maintain and have not abandoned their residence or ina status .

Later this year , the Foundation will initiate a study to evaluate the most effective way in which pro bono can be encouraged and supported .
later this year , the foundation will [start] a study to evaluate the most effective way in which pro bono can be encouraged and supported .

In her remarks she urged the judges and court administrators to ( 1 ) initiate efforts with local and state bar associations to overcome resistance to pro se activities and self-represented litigants ; ( 2 ) study selfrepresented litigants to determine how many of them would have hired ( and could have afforded ) a private attorney at the time that they were denied services by a legal services program ; and ( 3 ) promote acceptance of the practice of `` unbundling '' legal services .
in her remarks she urged the judges and court administrators to ( 1 ) [start] efforts with local and state bar associations to overcome resistance to pro se activities and self-represented litigants ; ( 2 ) study selfrepresented litigants to determine how many of them would have hired ( and could have afforded ) a private attorney at the time that they were denied services by a legal services program ; and ( 3 ) promote acceptance of the practice of `` unbundling '' legal services .

These retrofits would be early installations that sources initiate due to the economic benefits of banking SO2 allowances .
these retrofits would be early installations that sources [start] due to the economic benefits of banking so2 allowances .

At 8:56 , an NYPD ESU team asked to be picked up at the Wall Street heliport to initiate rooftop rescues .
at 8:56 , an nypd esu team asked to be picked up at the wall street heliport to [start] rooftop rescues .

Written case analysis usually occurred only in memoranda to supervisors requesting authority to initiate or expand an investigation .
written case analysis usually occurred only in memoranda to supervisors requesting authority to [start] or expand an investigation .

Meanwhile , the administration would `` initiate a comprehensive review of U.S. policy on Pakistan '' and explore policy options on Afghanistan , `` including the option of supporting regime change . ''
meanwhile , the administration would `` [start] a comprehensive review of u.s. policy on pakistan '' and explore policy options on afghanistan , `` including the option of supporting regime change . ''

From his point of view , once the United States made the commitment to arm the Northern Alliance , even covertly , it was taking action to initiate regime change , and it should give those opponents the strength to achieve complete victory .
from his point of view , once the united states made the commitment to arm the northern alliance , even covertly , it was taking action to [start] regime change , and it should give those opponents the strength to achieve complete victory .

Therefore , we switched NS culture conditions from high glucose ( 37 mM , “ stage 1 ” ) to low glucose ( 5 mM , “ stage 2 ” ; see Figure 1A ) to initiate development .
therefore , we switched ns culture conditions from high glucose ( 37 mm , “ stage 1 ” ) to low glucose ( 5 mm , “ stage 2 ” ; see figure 1a ) to [start] development .

Pathomechanisms that may initiate and/or mediate TED in DNP remain poorly understood .
pathomechanisms that may [start] and/or mediate ted in dnp remain poorly understood .

Westerterp and his colleagues have reported two observations : first , that general activity contributes more to energy consumption than “ aerobic exercise ” does and second , that many subjects who initiate an exercise program ( such as a twice weekly visit to the gym ) overcompensate so that they actually decrease overall activity [ 23 ] .
westerterp and his colleagues have reported two observations : first , that general activity contributes more to energy consumption than “ aerobic exercise ” does and second , that many subjects who [start] an exercise program ( such as a twice weekly visit to the gym ) overcompensate so that they actually decrease overall activity [ 23 ] .

If each case in a population generates approximately one new case ( a situation we call “ quasi-epidemic ” transmission ) , each instance of heterospecific transmission will initiate a long chain of horizontal transmission that eventually burns out .
if each case in a population generates approximately one new case ( a situation we call “ quasi-epidemic ” transmission ) , each instance of heterospecific transmission will [start] a long chain of horizontal transmission that eventually burns out .

It is also sufficient to initiate calcineurin–NFAT signaling to the nucleus , but can not by itself sustain the signal in a manner necessary to promote myofiber remodeling [ 40 ] .
it is also sufficient to [start] calcineurin–nfat signaling to the nucleus , but can not by itself sustain the signal in a manner necessary to promote myofiber remodeling [ 40 ] .

While the cost of antiretroviral medications has dropped considerably , other obstacles , including the cost , technical , and operational requirements of CD4 counts , viral loads , and other sophisticated diagnostic tests used to initiate and monitor HIV treatment , remain to be addressed .
while the cost of antiretroviral medications has dropped considerably , other obstacles , including the cost , technical , and operational requirements of cd4 counts , viral loads , and other sophisticated diagnostic tests used to [start] and monitor hiv treatment , remain to be addressed .

In resource-limited settings , the primary use of CD4 counts is as a trigger to initiate antiretroviral therapy , which typically occurs at a CD4 count of 200 cells/Î¼l .
in resource-limited settings , the primary use of cd4 counts is as a trigger to [start] antiretroviral therapy , which typically occurs at a cd4 count of 200 cells/î¼l .

This has led to the hypothesis of a systemic silencing signal that is produced in the tissues where silencing is initiated and is then transmitted to the distant parts of the plant where it can initiate silencing in a sequence-specific manner .
this has led to the hypothesis of a systemic silencing signal that is produced in the tissues where silencing is initiated and is then transmitted to the distant parts of the plant where it can [start] silencing in a sequence-specific manner .

As expected , the discovery of this process triggered a quest for the “ systemic inducer ” of the process : a signal that travels through the plant and is able to initiate silencing in a remote location within the plant .
as expected , the discovery of this process triggered a quest for the “ systemic inducer ” of the process : a signal that travels through the plant and is able to [start] silencing in a remote location within the plant .

August 1 , 1991 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Name : This fall alumni and students at the Indiana University School of Law Indianapolis will initiate several programs to encourage alumni support for the school .
august 1 , 1991 name address city , st zip dear name : this fall alumni and students at the indiana university school of law indianapolis will [start] several programs to encourage alumni support for the school .

The German Prosecutor has discretion to decide whether to initiate an investigation .
the german prosecutor has discretion to decide whether to [start] an investigation .

USA Today , the Washington Post and Los Angeles Times each lead with the onset today of the House Judiciary Committee 's debate about whether to initiate an impeachment investigation against President Clinton .
usa today , the washington post and los angeles times each lead with the onset today of the house judiciary committee 's debate about whether to [start] an impeachment investigation against president clinton .

Do n't worry about whether you have a good reason to initiate a hostile takeover ; simply having the means to do so will suffice .
do n't worry about whether you have a good reason to [start] a hostile takeover ; simply having the means to do so will suffice .

My question is : Should I wait for her to respond or go ahead and call to initiate the conversation ?
my question is : should i wait for her to respond or go ahead and call to [start] the conversation ?

The power to initiate investigations will once again reside with the attorney general .
the power to [start] investigations will once again reside with the attorney general .

A circle of family and friends looks on as an `` initiate '' lying on the ground has her clitoris removed with a razor blade .
a circle of family and friends looks on as an `` [start] '' lying on the ground has her clitoris removed with a razor blade .

I was amused that the Thernstroms start off with a few statistics to initiate their optimism in their `` Dialogue '' with Kennedy .
i was amused that the thernstroms start off with a few statistics to [start] their optimism in their `` dialogue '' with kennedy .

To that end , I hereby initiate the Slate Arts Index .
to that end , i hereby [start] the slate arts index .

The proper statement is , `` No one may initiate force against another . ''
the proper statement is , `` no one may [start] force against another . ''

They found that drivers of air-bag-equipped cars initiate a disproportionate number of crashes involving fatalities , and that , as a result , the occupants of such cars are at considerably higher risk than those in cars without air bags .
they found that drivers of air-bag-equipped cars [start] a disproportionate number of crashes involving fatalities , and that , as a result , the occupants of such cars are at considerably higher risk than those in cars without air bags .

If convinced that a proposed deportee is a terrorist , the judge will authorize the Justice Department to initiate deportation proceedings against the alien in a district court , where it will introduce as much secret evidence as it sees fit .
if convinced that a proposed deportee is a terrorist , the judge will authorize the justice department to [start] deportation proceedings against the alien in a district court , where it will introduce as much secret evidence as it sees fit .

Under a program that Bush has promoted ( but did not initiate ) , Texas tests all its students and schools just as he envisions doing nationally .
under a program that bush has promoted ( but did not [start] ) , texas tests all its students and schools just as he envisions doing nationally .

When private force failed , employers persuaded local and state governments to suspend due process of law , arrest suspected troublemakers , initiate mass deportations , and crush strikes with National Guardsmen -- using what Commons and his associates called all `` the paraphernalia of dictatorship . ''
when private force failed , employers persuaded local and state governments to suspend due process of law , arrest suspected troublemakers , [start] mass deportations , and crush strikes with national guardsmen -- using what commons and his associates called all `` the paraphernalia of dictatorship . ''

On a train you 're not trapped in your seat ; you can stroll the aisles or amble to the bar car and meet an attractive stranger with whom to initiate what is certain to be a disastrous relationship .
on a train you 're not trapped in your seat ; you can stroll the aisles or amble to the bar car and meet an attractive stranger with whom to [start] what is certain to be a disastrous relationship .

According to Vincent Cornell , an associate professor of religion at Duke University , `` It 's typically used to initiate something , if you 're embarking on a situation where you do n't know the outcome . ''
according to vincent cornell , an associate professor of religion at duke university , `` it 's typically used to [start] something , if you 're embarking on a situation where you do n't know the outcome . ''

When you select an article , the program will launch your browser and initiate a Web connection .
when you select an article , the program will launch your browser and [start] a web connection .

USAT puts Clinton in Mexico on page nine , leading instead with the Army 's expected announcement today that it will initiate the creation of quick response `` strike forces '' of 3,000 to 5,000 troops to ultimately replace its current World War II-era organization based on divisions of between 12,000 and 15,000 soldiers .
usat puts clinton in mexico on page nine , leading instead with the army 's expected announcement today that it will [start] the creation of quick response `` strike forces '' of 3,000 to 5,000 troops to ultimately replace its current world war ii-era organization based on divisions of between 12,000 and 15,000 soldiers .

