This time the initiative came , in part at least , from Washington .
this time the [action] came , in part at least , from washington .

Yet for better or for worse , the truth of the matter is that most American Catholic colleges do not owe their existence to general Catholic support but rather to the initiative , resourcefulness and sacrifices of individual religious communities .
yet for better or for worse , the truth of the matter is that most american catholic colleges do not owe their existence to general catholic support but rather to the [action] , resourcefulness and sacrifices of individual religious communities .

This tends to create friction and confusion and has not made it easier for Secretary Rusk to restore vigor and initiative among his subordinates .
this tends to create friction and confusion and has not made it easier for secretary rusk to restore vigor and [action] among his subordinates .

This prime element of the truth may be stated as follows : Under prevailing policy , the U.S. can take the initiative against the Right , but cannot take the initiative against the Left .
this prime element of the truth may be stated as follows : under prevailing policy , the u.s. can take the [action] against the right , but cannot take the [action] against the left .

The U.S. cannot take the initiative against the Left .
the u.s. cannot take the [action] against the left .

There is even some question whether the U.S. can any longer defend itself against an initiative by the Left .
there is even some question whether the u.s. can any longer defend itself against an [action] by the left .

And it becomes clear why in general we cannot take the initiative against the Left .
and it becomes clear why in general we cannot take the [action] against the left .

Loss of initiative
loss of [action]

It is this loss of initiative in how we conduct our economy which may lead to the loss of initiative in how we conduct our political affairs .
it is this loss of [action] in how we conduct our economy which may lead to the loss of [action] in how we conduct our political affairs .

There are increasing numbers of neighborhoods that are integrated residentially without great loss of property values , the white population having taken the initiative in preparing the areas for an appreciation of the Negroes' desire for well-kept housing , privacy , etc. .
there are increasing numbers of neighborhoods that are integrated residentially without great loss of property values , the white population having taken the [action] in preparing the areas for an appreciation of the negroes' desire for well-kept housing , privacy , etc. .

No manufacturer has taken the initiative in pointing out the costs involved .
no manufacturer has taken the [action] in pointing out the costs involved .

Naturally no woman can ever completely monopolize the sexual initiative .
naturally no woman can ever completely monopolize the sexual [action] .

This trade was subject to a tariff of 7.5 per cent after February 1835 , but much was smuggled into Assiniboia with the result that the duty was reduced by 1841 to 4 per cent on the initiative of the London committee .
this trade was subject to a tariff of 7.5 per cent after february 1835 , but much was smuggled into assiniboia with the result that the duty was reduced by 1841 to 4 per cent on the [action] of the london committee .

A sense of self-certainty and the freedom to experiment with different roles , or confidence in one's own unique behavior as an alternative to peer-group conformity , is more easily developed during adolescence if , during early childhood , the individual was permitted to exercise initiative and encouraged to develop some autonomy .
a sense of self-certainty and the freedom to experiment with different roles , or confidence in one's own unique behavior as an alternative to peer-group conformity , is more easily developed during adolescence if , during early childhood , the individual was permitted to exercise [action] and encouraged to develop some autonomy .

and allowed little initiative in early play and work patterns -- then in adolescence her normal degree of vanity , sensitivity , and preoccupation with whether others find her appearance and behavior acceptable , will be compounded .
and allowed little [action] in early play and work patterns -- then in adolescence her normal degree of vanity , sensitivity , and preoccupation with whether others find her appearance and behavior acceptable , will be compounded .

The adolescent's capacity to anticipate achievement and to exercise the self-discipline necessary to complete tasks successfully depends on the degree to which he or she developed autonomy , initiative , and self-discipline during childhood .
the adolescent's capacity to anticipate achievement and to exercise the self-discipline necessary to complete tasks successfully depends on the degree to which he or she developed autonomy , [action] , and self-discipline during childhood .

The absence , during her childhood and early adolescence , of experiences in developing the self-discipline to complete tasks within her ability -- experiences that would have been subsequent sources of anticipation of achievement -- and her lack of childhood opportunities to practice autonomy and initiative in play and expression , both tend in her adolescence to deprive her of the freedoms to role-experiment and to fail occasionally in experimenting .
the absence , during her childhood and early adolescence , of experiences in developing the self-discipline to complete tasks within her ability -- experiences that would have been subsequent sources of anticipation of achievement -- and her lack of childhood opportunities to practice autonomy and [action] in play and expression , both tend in her adolescence to deprive her of the freedoms to role-experiment and to fail occasionally in experimenting .

Childhood experiences in learning work and self-discipline habits within a context of developing autonomy and initiative have considerable significance for the prevention of illegitimacy .
childhood experiences in learning work and self-discipline habits within a context of developing autonomy and [action] have considerable significance for the prevention of illegitimacy .

On the other hand , some unwed mothers had had so much work and responsibility imposed on them at an early age , and had thus had so little freedom or opportunity to develop autonomy and initiative , that their work and responsibilities became dull and unrewarding burdens -- to be escaped and rebelled against through fun and experimentation with forbidden sexual behavior .
on the other hand , some unwed mothers had had so much work and responsibility imposed on them at an early age , and had thus had so little freedom or opportunity to develop autonomy and [action] , that their work and responsibilities became dull and unrewarding burdens -- to be escaped and rebelled against through fun and experimentation with forbidden sexual behavior .

The positive development , during adolescence , of this capacity to think and to feel strongly and with increasing independence , and to identify overtly either with or against given ideas , values , and practices , depends to a considerable degree on both previous and present opportunities for developing autonomy , initiative , and self-certainty .
the positive development , during adolescence , of this capacity to think and to feel strongly and with increasing independence , and to identify overtly either with or against given ideas , values , and practices , depends to a considerable degree on both previous and present opportunities for developing autonomy , [action] , and self-certainty .

The diffusion is most pronounced and most likely to become fixed , however , in those who have had no or very minimal opportunities to develop the autonomy and initiative that could have been directed into constructive expression and so served as sources of developing self-certainty .
the diffusion is most pronounced and most likely to become fixed , however , in those who have had no or very minimal opportunities to develop the autonomy and [action] that could have been directed into constructive expression and so served as sources of developing self-certainty .

In all other areas , private initiative of the `` proprietorship '' type should be urged to produce the desired goods and services .
in all other areas , private [action] of the `` proprietorship '' type should be urged to produce the desired goods and services .

To perpetuate wealth control led by small groups of individuals who played no role in its creation prevents those with real initiative from coming to the fore , and is basically anti-democratic .
to perpetuate wealth control led by small groups of individuals who played no role in its creation prevents those with real [action] from coming to the fore , and is basically anti-democratic .

Although we continue to pay our conversational devotions to `` free private enterprise '' , `` individual initiative '' , `` the democratic way '' , `` government of the people '' , `` competition of the marketplace '' , etc. , we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas , bureaucracy is corroding representative government , technology is weakening the citizen's confidence in his own power to make decisions , and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground '' .
although we continue to pay our conversational devotions to `` free private enterprise '' , `` individual [action] '' , `` the democratic way '' , `` government of the people '' , `` competition of the marketplace '' , etc. , we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas , bureaucracy is corroding representative government , technology is weakening the citizen's confidence in his own power to make decisions , and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground '' .

The planning division will take the initiative in encouraging planning cooperation at all levels of government ; ;
the planning division will take the [action] in encouraging planning cooperation at all levels of government ; ;

What is important here is that many of the cities and towns recognize the need for improved fiscal practices and are taking the initiative to obtain them .
what is important here is that many of the cities and towns recognize the need for improved fiscal practices and are taking the [action] to obtain them .

We want to make sure that our junior colleagues realize that ideas are welcome , that initiative goes right down to the bottom and goes all the way to the top .
we want to make sure that our junior colleagues realize that ideas are welcome , that [action] goes right down to the bottom and goes all the way to the top .

The responsibility for taking the initiative in generating ideas is that of every officer in the Department who has a policy function , regardless of rank .
the responsibility for taking the [action] in generating ideas is that of every officer in the department who has a policy function , regardless of rank .

The initiative , administration and control remain primarily with the local school districts .
the [action] , administration and control remain primarily with the local school districts .

It was arranged that he would board in the home of one of the old members of the church , a woman named Catt who , as Wilson afterward found , was briefly referred to as The Cat because of her sharp tongue and fierce initiative .
it was arranged that he would board in the home of one of the old members of the church , a woman named catt who , as wilson afterward found , was briefly referred to as the cat because of her sharp tongue and fierce [action] .

The programme comes on the day police launched a new initiative to prevent such large gatherings taking place .
the programme comes on the day police launched a new [action] to prevent such large gatherings taking place .

Local initiative schemes have been set up and traders believe business confidence is on the up …
local [action] schemes have been set up and traders believe business confidence is on the up …

The Police Federation has attacked the initiative , calling it crimefighting on the cheap .
the police federation has attacked the [action] , calling it crimefighting on the cheap .

For over a year now we 've been running a major initiative which is a systematic review of all our Sainsburys brand packaging to see where we can minimise the use of materials , but still allow the packaging to do the job of protecting the product and preserving it .
for over a year now we 've been running a major [action] which is a systematic review of all our sainsburys brand packaging to see where we can minimise the use of materials , but still allow the packaging to do the job of protecting the product and preserving it .

Now Sir John has got together with all the local traders to form The Ross Initiative , an action group to pull the town out of the doldrums .
now sir john has got together with all the local traders to form the ross [action] , an action group to pull the town out of the doldrums .

The idea of a community taking it 's own initiative is a good one and he hopes it works .
the idea of a community taking it 's own [action] is a good one and he hopes it works .

The money has come the Government 's waiting list initiative .
the money has come the government 's waiting list [action] .

Governors , parents and teachers at Cheddington have taken the initiative and they 're actively promoting the school and what it has to offer to the village .
governors , parents and teachers at cheddington have taken the [action] and they 're actively promoting the school and what it has to offer to the village .

The judges look for courage and initiative .
the judges look for courage and [action] .

At this stage of the proceedings , City still held the initiative as Thomas went close with a header from Purner 's cross .
at this stage of the proceedings , city still held the [action] as thomas went close with a header from purner 's cross .

Is this a national initiative ?
is this a national [action] ?

seems to me though at that age you 've got freshness and initiative
seems to me though at that age you 've got freshness and [action]

At least he shows initiative .
at least he shows [action] .

Who 'd be on the , who would be on the bloody council with any real bloody business initiative
who 'd be on the , who would be on the bloody council with any real bloody business [action]

With the Paisley MPs Irene Adams and Gordon McMaster , Mr McFall was lending his support to Operation Blade , an initiative by Strathclyde Police to clamp down on knife crime .
with the paisley mps irene adams and gordon mcmaster , mr mcfall was lending his support to operation blade , an [action] by strathclyde police to clamp down on knife crime .

Last autumn police stopped and searched people for offensive weapons as part of an initiative called Operation Dove , designed to crack down on drugs and violence in the Paisley area .
last autumn police stopped and searched people for offensive weapons as part of an [action] called operation dove , designed to crack down on drugs and violence in the paisley area .

Lisbon diplomats said Portugal had asked the United States to try a new initiative to bring the two sides together .
lisbon diplomats said portugal had asked the united states to try a new [action] to bring the two sides together .

In her statement to MPs , Mrs Bottomley said the reforms would be carried through by an implementation group , and a London initiative zone would make sure the reforms cover the most deprived areas of the city .
in her statement to mps , mrs bottomley said the reforms would be carried through by an implementation group , and a london [action] zone would make sure the reforms cover the most deprived areas of the city .

The initiative will seek to identify the best examples of environmental management to be used for setting a benchmark for the future .
the [action] will seek to identify the best examples of environmental management to be used for setting a benchmark for the future .

The association 's director of public relations , Alison Slann , said : ‘ This major industry initiative provides significant benefits for the general public by allowing recourse for consumers dissatisfied with their relationship with a direct marketing member company and to seek to conciliate in the dispute . ’
the association 's director of public relations , alison slann , said : ‘ this major industry [action] provides significant benefits for the general public by allowing recourse for consumers dissatisfied with their relationship with a direct marketing member company and to seek to conciliate in the dispute . ’

Mr Rushdie added : ‘ In any political issue silence is always the biggest mistake you can make because it gives the initiative to the adversary .
mr rushdie added : ‘ in any political issue silence is always the biggest mistake you can make because it gives the [action] to the adversary .

As part of the technology initiative announced during a stop in California 's Silicon Valley , President Clinton also pledged billions of dollars in additional help to high-tech enterprises over the next four years to encourage new business initiatives .
as part of the technology [action] announced during a stop in california 's silicon valley , president clinton also pledged billions of dollars in additional help to high-tech enterprises over the next four years to encourage new business initiatives .

News of the initiative comes amid widespread concern that hospitals across Britain have run out of money for treating patients .
news of the [action] comes amid widespread concern that hospitals across britain have run out of money for treating patients .

‘ Great credit is due to Mr Peterken and the team he has gathered around him for their initiative and vision about finance .
‘ great credit is due to mr peterken and the team he has gathered around him for their [action] and vision about finance .

Accusing the National Farmers Unions of both Scotland and England of being too parochial and not au fait with what was happening on the agricultural scene in the rest of Europe , Gerald Biffen , Mains of Arnage , Ellon , said Scottish farmers should take the initiative and send a party of working members to undertake a study tour in selected areas .
accusing the national farmers unions of both scotland and england of being too parochial and not au fait with what was happening on the agricultural scene in the rest of europe , gerald biffen , mains of arnage , ellon , said scottish farmers should take the [action] and send a party of working members to undertake a study tour in selected areas .

The Eureka European Business Award aims to encourage small and medium-sized businesses to show enterprise and initiative in Europe now that the single market is in place .
the eureka european business award aims to encourage small and medium-sized businesses to show enterprise and [action] in europe now that the single market is in place .

Both measures are a direct result of the Prime Minister 's Citizen 's Charter initiative .
both measures are a direct result of the prime minister 's citizen 's charter [action] .

Mr Morris welcomed the principle of the Farm Assured Scotch Livestock initiative but added : ‘ The scheme guarantees consumers that stock have been produced according to welfare friendly standards but we would welcome steps to take it a stage further , particularly to embrace quality .
mr morris welcomed the principle of the farm assured scotch livestock [action] but added : ‘ the scheme guarantees consumers that stock have been produced according to welfare friendly standards but we would welcome steps to take it a stage further , particularly to embrace quality .

Larger systems would probably be covered by the initiative where gain one-third of the cost will be covered up to a maximum level of grant of £5,000 .
larger systems would probably be covered by the [action] where gain one-third of the cost will be covered up to a maximum level of grant of £5,000 .

Private enterprise is normally a Conservative watchword , but when Labour took the initiative with ‘ Vote Milburn ’ posters on Darlington buses it was ‘ propaganda ’ , according to one Tory councillor .
private enterprise is normally a conservative watchword , but when labour took the [action] with ‘ vote milburn ’ posters on darlington buses it was ‘ propaganda ’ , according to one tory councillor .

‘ This first phase of our Skerneside Revival will carry on the very important initiative of the Railside Revival . ’
‘ this first phase of our skerneside revival will carry on the very important [action] of the railside revival . ’

Mr Hills , 55 on Thursday , was awarded a commendation in 1973 for showing initiative and bravery when dealing with a dangerous psychiatric patient , and in 1979 he won the police long service and good conduct medal .
mr hills , 55 on thursday , was awarded a commendation in 1973 for showing [action] and bravery when dealing with a dangerous psychiatric patient , and in 1979 he won the police long service and good conduct medal .

He said : ‘ This is not simply another initiative to beautify the environment but a serious effort to unlock potential in areas such as Stockton High Street , where the Labour Council have so obviously failed the people of Stockton . ’
he said : ‘ this is not simply another [action] to beautify the environment but a serious effort to unlock potential in areas such as stockton high street , where the labour council have so obviously failed the people of stockton . ’

The initiative is seen as important , coming at a time when social problems such as depression and suicide , increased violence and child abuse of all kinds are increasing .
the [action] is seen as important , coming at a time when social problems such as depression and suicide , increased violence and child abuse of all kinds are increasing .

In point of fact , Ruscoe 's operation gains little from the initiative .
in point of fact , ruscoe 's operation gains little from the [action] .

The minister yesterday announced £100,000 extra for teacher training to support the initiative , in addition to the £1.35 million allocated earlier .
the minister yesterday announced £100,000 extra for teacher training to support the [action] , in addition to the £1.35 million allocated earlier .

‘ This modern language initiative is challenging , ’ he said .
‘ this modern language [action] is challenging , ’ he said .

He will also learn of an initiative to monitor performance line-by-line with the aim of improvement .
he will also learn of an [action] to monitor performance line-by-line with the aim of improvement .

The agency is funding the Initiative for Scottish Insects , a group of 50 professional and amateur entomologists .
the agency is funding the [action] for scottish insects , a group of 50 professional and amateur entomologists .

Members of the council agreed to set up a joint initiative involving all public agencies .
members of the council agreed to set up a joint [action] involving all public agencies .

The raw material does n't lack initiative , inventiveness , intellect or integrity , he suggests .
the raw material does n't lack [action] , inventiveness , intellect or integrity , he suggests .

‘ The scale of the initiative is huge but it offers the opportunity of becoming involved in one of Europe 's major urban regeneration projects , ’ said Mr Bethel .
‘ the scale of the [action] is huge but it offers the opportunity of becoming involved in one of europe 's major urban regeneration projects , ’ said mr bethel .

‘ We have a very large textile initiative which has been up and running since our formation ’ , he said .
‘ we have a very large textile [action] which has been up and running since our formation ’ , he said .

Professor Ian Percy , senior partner of Grant Thornton and chairman of the judging panel , said Cairngorm Climbing Rope Company displayed all the criteria the judges were looking for — technological innovation , enterprise and initiative in trying to develop a European market .
professor ian percy , senior partner of grant thornton and chairman of the judging panel , said cairngorm climbing rope company displayed all the criteria the judges were looking for — technological innovation , enterprise and [action] in trying to develop a european market .

Sir James Mellon , chairman of the national housing agency , said that the initiative should attract a matching investment from the private sector , leading to the construction of 350 homes in the area .
sir james mellon , chairman of the national housing agency , said that the [action] should attract a matching investment from the private sector , leading to the construction of 350 homes in the area .

In a separate housing initiative in the north-east , plans were revealed for housing co-operatives in Grampian to build homes for rent for the first time .
in a separate housing [action] in the north-east , plans were revealed for housing co-operatives in grampian to build homes for rent for the first time .

The Milton Keynes-based group , which kills 4,000 cattle and 25,000 sheep a week in the season , is expected to take an initiative in that area later this year , and Mr Canvin was giving little away in his address to the Safeway-sponsored Strathclyde Food Project seminar .
the milton keynes-based group , which kills 4,000 cattle and 25,000 sheep a week in the season , is expected to take an [action] in that area later this year , and mr canvin was giving little away in his address to the safeway-sponsored strathclyde food project seminar .

Mr Stewart said events like Europartenariat — a European Community initiative aimed at bringing together over 1,000 companies to form trading links — were important as it could help Scottish companies implement their European strategies by meeting potential business partners .
mr stewart said events like europartenariat — a european community [action] aimed at bringing together over 1,000 companies to form trading links — were important as it could help scottish companies implement their european strategies by meeting potential business partners .

It is that long , this month , since a Government initiative to get British industry more involved in the oil business was launched in the wake of the first North Sea discoveries .
it is that long , this month , since a government [action] to get british industry more involved in the oil business was launched in the wake of the first north sea discoveries .

The ambitious initiative has a target of 36 businesses still in operation three years after start-up , each with a minimum turnover of £1 million , and at least one third of total output exported .
the ambitious [action] has a target of 36 businesses still in operation three years after start-up , each with a minimum turnover of £1 million , and at least one third of total output exported .

Where has all this interest come from ? Certainly not from the club scene , where an average gate is rarely more than a few hundred and even a big club like Hawick has had to launch a special initiative to arrest their declining membership .
where has all this interest come from ? certainly not from the club scene , where an average gate is rarely more than a few hundred and even a big club like hawick has had to launch a special [action] to arrest their declining membership .

He was taken prisoner by the Germans during the retreat to Dunkirk , but with his fluent French and German and determined initiative he was able to escape three times .
he was taken prisoner by the germans during the retreat to dunkirk , but with his fluent french and german and determined [action] he was able to escape three times .

We gave Thistle the initiative , lost a goal , and then flapped .
we gave thistle the [action] , lost a goal , and then flapped .

Photographer Beth Davidson , a Darlington artist , is showing pupils how to print and develop pictures as part of a major arts initiative in the county .
photographer beth davidson , a darlington artist , is showing pupils how to print and develop pictures as part of a major arts [action] in the county .

The Spraire Lads football team , good lads too , got £300 but the Darlington and District Council did n't get to much as a packet of bird seed , on the grounds that they had enough already . What sort of incentive to prudence , or to initiative , is that ?
the spraire lads football team , good lads too , got £300 but the darlington and district council did n't get to much as a packet of bird seed , on the grounds that they had enough already . what sort of incentive to prudence , or to [action] , is that ?

The initiative is part of Durham 's appeal for food and medical aid for the county 's twin town of Kostroma .
the [action] is part of durham 's appeal for food and medical aid for the county 's twin town of kostroma .

The £100,000 initiative thought to be the first of its kind in Britain aimed to keep at least ten Darlington families from eviction .
the £100,000 [action] thought to be the first of its kind in britain aimed to keep at least ten darlington families from eviction .

The latest initiative will be launched at the Royal Pharmaceutical Society 's headquarters in London next Monday .
the latest [action] will be launched at the royal pharmaceutical society 's headquarters in london next monday .

Norman Campbell , president of Darlington 's Chamber of Trade , welcomed the initiative but warned it would be virtually impossible to stamp out solvent abuse altogether .
norman campbell , president of darlington 's chamber of trade , welcomed the [action] but warned it would be virtually impossible to stamp out solvent abuse altogether .

The Government has to realise that the only way out of the current crisis is to let local authorities take the initiative .
the government has to realise that the only way out of the current crisis is to let local authorities take the [action] .

Chairman Barrie Liss said : ‘ Shopkeepers have a duty to help prevent solvent abuse and this initiative will help them do just that .
chairman barrie liss said : ‘ shopkeepers have a duty to help prevent solvent abuse and this [action] will help them do just that .

The ecological monitoring group is a useful initiative to ensure that the environmental impacts of the spill would be assessed .
the ecological monitoring group is a useful [action] to ensure that the environmental impacts of the spill would be assessed .

But as it has taken five years of intensive lobbying to assemble the necessary financial support from the native industry for this interesting if rather Teutonic initiative , one might assume that creativity and innovation are still not regarded as entirely positive values .
but as it has taken five years of intensive lobbying to assemble the necessary financial support from the native industry for this interesting if rather teutonic [action] , one might assume that creativity and innovation are still not regarded as entirely positive values .

It is a private sector , joint venture initiative between hotels which , in normal circumstances , compete tooth and claw with each other .
it is a private sector , joint venture [action] between hotels which , in normal circumstances , compete tooth and claw with each other .

’ She hoped to announce a new initiative to tackle unemployment within a few weeks .
’ she hoped to announce a new [action] to tackle unemployment within a few weeks .

How will Mrs Shephard 's new initiative enliven that sort of ‘ sustainable growth ?
how will mrs shephard 's new [action] enliven that sort of ‘ sustainable growth ?

The answer is that it will not , because an initiative is not a strategy .
the answer is that it will not , because an [action] is not a strategy .

Indeed if they fail to take the initiative they might as well abandon the people of the area to a grim fate .
indeed if they fail to take the [action] they might as well abandon the people of the area to a grim fate .

Such is enterprise initiative .
such is enterprise [action] .

Health promotion officers have enlisted the help of ‘ Bogie ’ and his Casablanca co-star , Ingrid Bergman , for their latest antismoking initiative .
health promotion officers have enlisted the help of ‘ bogie ’ and his casablanca co-star , ingrid bergman , for their latest antismoking [action] .

Environmentalists and local politicians this wee k welcomed an ambitious initiative to clean up Darlington .
environmentalists and local politicians this wee k welcomed an ambitious [action] to clean up darlington .

One writer had the initiative to check with Muslim organisations when his publisher asked him to remove the term ‘ pig-out ’ .
one writer had the [action] to check with muslim organisations when his publisher asked him to remove the term ‘ pig-out ’ .

Birt added that his plans must be seen as being about ‘ greater freedom to operate , not less , greater initiative and enterprise within mutually agreed strategies . ’
birt added that his plans must be seen as being about ‘ greater freedom to operate , not less , greater [action] and enterprise within mutually agreed strategies . ’

‘ Castlemilk was made a special initiative area by the Government and major improvements to housing and the environment have taken place .
‘ castlemilk was made a special [action] area by the government and major improvements to housing and the environment have taken place .

Dai Hudd said : ‘ We would have much preferred that this initiative happened before the downturn in defence markets , which has seen a haemorrhage of jobs from the North-West .
dai hudd said : ‘ we would have much preferred that this [action] happened before the downturn in defence markets , which has seen a haemorrhage of jobs from the north-west .

Language initiative
language [action]

Last year 's Welsh Office waiting list initiative offering particular operations at certain centres was not a great success in Clwyd when patients showed little enthusiasm to travel to South Wales or Bangor for hip , knee and eye operations .
last year 's welsh office waiting list [action] offering particular operations at certain centres was not a great success in clwyd when patients showed little enthusiasm to travel to south wales or bangor for hip , knee and eye operations .

Gordon Beesley , managing director , said : ‘ The initiative has our support .
gordon beesley , managing director , said : ‘ the [action] has our support .

Mr Lawton said : ‘ It is an exciting initiative which could provide a dynamic role model for future co-operation in other parts of the city .
mr lawton said : ‘ it is an exciting [action] which could provide a dynamic role model for future co-operation in other parts of the city .

‘ This is not a barrier smashing initiative .
‘ this is not a barrier smashing [action] .

Gordon Beesley , managing director , said : ‘ The initiative has our support .
gordon beesley , managing director , said : ‘ the [action] has our support .

The Post Office-sponsored event is part of the Youth Challenge '93 Initiative , organised by the Industrial Society and is based broadly on Youth Challenge '91 which was part of the Belfast 1991 celebrations .
the post office-sponsored event is part of the youth challenge '93 [action] , organised by the industrial society and is based broadly on youth challenge '91 which was part of the belfast 1991 celebrations .

Businessmen are banding together to bring to book those who illegally dump wagon loads of waste , and the Merseyside Development Corporation have backed the initiative with the introduction of video cameras to monitor the twilight activity .
businessmen are banding together to bring to book those who illegally dump wagon loads of waste , and the merseyside development corporation have backed the [action] with the introduction of video cameras to monitor the twilight activity .

Eglinton Airport , Foyle Hill Environmental Group and Shantallow Environmental Group have joined Limavady and Derry councils in backing the week long initiative .
eglinton airport , foyle hill environmental group and shantallow environmental group have joined limavady and derry councils in backing the week long [action] .

‘ The Chief is right when he says it needs to be changed and politicians need to move quickly to seize the initiative from terrorists on both sides by changing the law . ’
‘ the chief is right when he says it needs to be changed and politicians need to move quickly to seize the [action] from terrorists on both sides by changing the law . ’

Inverness Initiative
inverness [action]

To meet this demand the SuperJANET initiative was formed .
to meet this demand the superjanet [action] was formed .

The ‘ Industry Lead Body ’ for Sport and Recreation has been established as part of the national government initiative for the development of vocational qualifications for the whole of industry .
the ‘ industry lead body ’ for sport and recreation has been established as part of the national government [action] for the development of vocational qualifications for the whole of industry .

Barbara Vellacott introduced the paper on Funding Theological Reflection , an initiative from the Aid Sector , being explored throughout Christian Aid .
barbara vellacott introduced the paper on funding theological reflection , an [action] from the aid sector , being explored throughout christian aid .

There has also been a political debate over whether the state should play a role in production or whether its presence should be reduced in order to clear the way for greater private initiative .
there has also been a political debate over whether the state should play a role in production or whether its presence should be reduced in order to clear the way for greater private [action] .

Nonetheless , in both companies there has been scope for local initiative on the margin of national agreements , and at times in violation of them .
nonetheless , in both companies there has been scope for local [action] on the margin of national agreements , and at times in violation of them .

These measures would involve society in exercising directive intelligence through some appropriate organ of action over many of the intricacies of private business , yet it would leave private initiative and enterprise unhindered ’ ( quoted Estrin and Holmes , 1983 , p. 8 ) .
these measures would involve society in exercising directive intelligence through some appropriate organ of action over many of the intricacies of private business , yet it would leave private [action] and enterprise unhindered ’ ( quoted estrin and holmes , 1983 , p. 8 ) .

Nor could they have been after business regained its initiative in 1947 .
nor could they have been after business regained its [action] in 1947 .

Selective measures — help through the insurance of debt for building greenfield plants , assistance in procuring raw materials and forming anti-recession cartels have provided support without extinguishing competition or stifling initiative in individual companies .
selective measures — help through the insurance of debt for building greenfield plants , assistance in procuring raw materials and forming anti-recession cartels have provided support without extinguishing competition or stifling [action] in individual companies .

He says the whole initiative is worthwhile and will be of great benefit but the loss of the Dickensian character of the area would be detrimental .
he says the whole [action] is worthwhile and will be of great benefit but the loss of the dickensian character of the area would be detrimental .

The move is part of a streamlining initiative to create an exploratory division aimed at enhanced performance in future detergent , personal care and speciality chemicals products .
the move is part of a streamlining [action] to create an exploratory division aimed at enhanced performance in future detergent , personal care and speciality chemicals products .

Mr Vaz said it was the first initiative of its kind for 16 years .
mr vaz said it was the first [action] of its kind for 16 years .

Mr Vaz said it was the first initiative of its kind for 16 years .
mr vaz said it was the first [action] of its kind for 16 years .

‘ For some time , independents have argued for intervention on behalf of a British film industry : an initiative based around support for films with low production budgets , which neither copy American styles , nor turn into Euro-puddings .
‘ for some time , independents have argued for intervention on behalf of a british film industry : an [action] based around support for films with low production budgets , which neither copy american styles , nor turn into euro-puddings .

Currently based at Billingham Arts Centre , he is one of four international artists with drawing residencies which are part of the Riverscape project , an international initiative jointly developed by Cleveland Arts and Teesside Tomorrow Ltd .
currently based at billingham arts centre , he is one of four international artists with drawing residencies which are part of the riverscape project , an international [action] jointly developed by cleveland arts and teesside tomorrow ltd .

Sgt Geoff Williams , head of Chester 's Special Initiative Squad , said : ‘ It is obviously a sensitive place and we acted as soon as we could to close it .
sgt geoff williams , head of chester 's special [action] squad , said : ‘ it is obviously a sensitive place and we acted as soon as we could to close it .

The initiative helped it to take on new staff , all previously unemployed , and train them in skills ranging from computing to business administration .
the [action] helped it to take on new staff , all previously unemployed , and train them in skills ranging from computing to business administration .

He visited the site at Thornaby , the result of an initiative taken by Durham University and Teesside Polytechnic .
he visited the site at thornaby , the result of an [action] taken by durham university and teesside polytechnic .

The project is an initiative of the Countryside Commission and the Forestry Commission .
the project is an [action] of the countryside commission and the forestry commission .

Lieutenant Colonel Bob Stewart , Cheshires ' Commanding Officer , said in a statement read at the inquest that he believed the fatal shot may have been fired by either a Moslem or Croat gunman acting on his own initiative .
lieutenant colonel bob stewart , cheshires ' commanding officer , said in a statement read at the inquest that he believed the fatal shot may have been fired by either a moslem or croat gunman acting on his own [action] .

Sgt Geoff Williams , head of Chester 's Special Initiative Squad , who believes the parlour was open for three days , said : ‘ It is obviously a sensitive place and we acted as soon as we could to close it .
sgt geoff williams , head of chester 's special [action] squad , who believes the parlour was open for three days , said : ‘ it is obviously a sensitive place and we acted as soon as we could to close it .

Part of the Stockton Backs Enterprise initiative other events today include a talk on how Cleveland County Council can help companies find business premises and negotiate a lease .
part of the stockton backs enterprise [action] other events today include a talk on how cleveland county council can help companies find business premises and negotiate a lease .

‘ Any businesses or land owners with interests in the City Challenge Initiative bid should give urgent consideration to this matter over the next few days to make sure they do not miss out on this important opportunity , ’ said Mr Checkley .
‘ any businesses or land owners with interests in the city challenge [action] bid should give urgent consideration to this matter over the next few days to make sure they do not miss out on this important opportunity , ’ said mr checkley .

The compost initiative is just one aspect of a project which , perhaps against expectations , puts Middlesbrough in the forefront of ecological awareness .
the compost [action] is just one aspect of a project which , perhaps against expectations , puts middlesbrough in the forefront of ecological awareness .

Sir George Young , speaking in Coventry , said that the development would be included in the Private Finance Initiative .
sir george young , speaking in coventry , said that the development would be included in the private finance [action] .

Announced last autumn , the initiative brings together public and private sectors to carry out regeneration .
announced last autumn , the [action] brings together public and private sectors to carry out regeneration .

Mr Roberts said the company was pleased with the success of its £500,000 energy-saving initiative in Holyhead which has introduced a range of subsidised energy-efficiency measures to benefit domestic , commercial and industrial customers .
mr roberts said the company was pleased with the success of its £500,000 energy-saving [action] in holyhead which has introduced a range of subsidised energy-efficiency measures to benefit domestic , commercial and industrial customers .

Inner Cities Minister Sir George Young declared the Herculaneum Dock has been earmarked for Private Finance Initiative cash , which will speed up the hunt for a private sector developer .
inner cities minister sir george young declared the herculaneum dock has been earmarked for private finance [action] cash , which will speed up the hunt for a private sector developer .

The Government 's finance initiative targets developers which have been starved of public and private sector cash during the recession .
the government 's finance [action] targets developers which have been starved of public and private sector cash during the recession .

And if a developer could not immediately secure rent from premises it builds at the dock , the Private Finance Initiative would provide it in the short-term , until the property market improves .
and if a developer could not immediately secure rent from premises it builds at the dock , the private finance [action] would provide it in the short-term , until the property market improves .

The move is part of a streamlining initiative to create an exploratory division aimed at enhanced performance in future detergent , personal care and speciality chemiclas products .
the move is part of a streamlining [action] to create an exploratory division aimed at enhanced performance in future detergent , personal care and speciality chemiclas products .

The money would come from Government funds provided under the City Challenge initiative , but permission must first be granted by the Department of the Environment .
the money would come from government funds provided under the city challenge [action] , but permission must first be granted by the department of the environment .

The Conservative 's plan a continuation of current training programmes for the long-term unemployed together with a new initiative in conjunction with the Training and Enterprise Councils giving people a voucher with which they can buy a ‘ skill check ’ , providing guidance on how to make the most of their working lives .
the conservative 's plan a continuation of current training programmes for the long-term unemployed together with a new [action] in conjunction with the training and enterprise councils giving people a voucher with which they can buy a ‘ skill check ’ , providing guidance on how to make the most of their working lives .

He said : ‘ The little girl is having her operation in May as part of the Government 's special waiting list initiative .
he said : ‘ the little girl is having her operation in may as part of the government 's special waiting list [action] .

They promised to support the Look After Your Heart Workplace Initiative by implementing at least three of a list of ten criteria .
they promised to support the look after your heart workplace [action] by implementing at least three of a list of ten criteria .

The new centre is a joint initiative between the health authority and Langbaurgh council and will bring several community services together under one roof .
the new centre is a joint [action] between the health authority and langbaurgh council and will bring several community services together under one roof .

The scheme , funded by the council through a City Challenge initiative , will see a big improvement to the open spaces and increase the privacy and security of residents , said housing committee chairman Coun Bob Brady .
the scheme , funded by the council through a city challenge [action] , will see a big improvement to the open spaces and increase the privacy and security of residents , said housing committee chairman coun bob brady .

Town Mayor Coun Frank Platt will witness representatives of the three communities signing the treaty of friendship at the Langridge Crescent Initiative Centre , Berwick Hills .
town mayor coun frank platt will witness representatives of the three communities signing the treaty of friendship at the langridge crescent [action] centre , berwick hills .

When the then school minister Michael Fallon launched the Panda Project ( Public Access to a Newspaper Database and Archive ) it marked the culmination of years of hard work and initiative by Information North and the newspaper 's library staff .
when the then school minister michael fallon launched the panda project ( public access to a newspaper database and archive ) it marked the culmination of years of hard work and [action] by information north and the newspaper 's library staff .

The poster is a joint initiative between Wirral Drug Prevention Team and the Mersey Regional Health Authority .
the poster is a joint [action] between wirral drug prevention team and the mersey regional health authority .

The other initiative is designed to promote collaborative research between higher education institutions in Wales .
the other [action] is designed to promote collaborative research between higher education institutions in wales .

And its basic concept linking the problems of housing shortage , poor training and unemployment in order to find a solution to all three is the focus of a new initiative , SkillBuilding , launched recently with the support of the Yorkbased Joseph Rowntree Foundation .
and its basic concept linking the problems of housing shortage , poor training and unemployment in order to find a solution to all three is the focus of a new [action] , skillbuilding , launched recently with the support of the yorkbased joseph rowntree foundation .

After a hard-hitting first round in which both boxers traded body punches , the initiative ebbed away from Hopper in the second as he allowed himself to be drawn into a slugging match instead of using his jab .
after a hard-hitting first round in which both boxers traded body punches , the [action] ebbed away from hopper in the second as he allowed himself to be drawn into a slugging match instead of using his jab .

‘ It 's a smashing initiative , ’ he said .
‘ it 's a smashing [action] , ’ he said .

Sunderland could virtually clinch safety at Brighton on Saturday , but Middlesbrough could face final-day drama at Wolves after losing the initiative to Leicester City in the battle for second spot .
sunderland could virtually clinch safety at brighton on saturday , but middlesbrough could face final-day drama at wolves after losing the [action] to leicester city in the battle for second spot .

He praised Newcastle United for their initiative at the launch of the tournament between the host club , Middlesbrough , Sporting Lisbon and Real Sociedad .
he praised newcastle united for their [action] at the launch of the tournament between the host club , middlesbrough , sporting lisbon and real sociedad .

‘ It was the initiative of the town council to discuss a relocation of the pitch but we do n't know where the site is yet .
‘ it was the [action] of the town council to discuss a relocation of the pitch but we do n't know where the site is yet .

The challenge is all about initiative and endurance .
the challenge is all about [action] and endurance .

As farmers are forced to look for ways to diversify , ostrich farming is tipped as being one of the growth areas , and Vince Tyack was one of the first farmers to take up the initiative .
as farmers are forced to look for ways to diversify , ostrich farming is tipped as being one of the growth areas , and vince tyack was one of the first farmers to take up the [action] .

Last call for talks bus : Initiative 92
last call for talks bus : [action] 92

The call came from Initiative 92 , the citizens ' body which established the Opsahl Commission .
the call came from [action] 92 , the citizens ' body which established the opsahl commission .

Peter Arnold had got hold of some copies to sell in Brighton on his own initiative .
peter arnold had got hold of some copies to sell in brighton on his own [action] .

Nottingham took the initiative early on .
nottingham took the [action] early on .

The booklet has ben produced as part of the NKRF/Kidney Foundation Gift of Life initiative , a campaign to prevent kidney disease , and to encourage more people to carry organ donor cards .
the booklet has ben produced as part of the nkrf/kidney foundation gift of life [action] , a campaign to prevent kidney disease , and to encourage more people to carry organ donor cards .

Shadow Chancellor Gordon Brown is reported to be preparing a major economic policy initiative to be unveiled at the Labour conference .
shadow chancellor gordon brown is reported to be preparing a major economic policy [action] to be unveiled at the labour conference .

The initiative is based on a Scottish scheme which had proved to be highly successful in pre= serving buildings of interest .
the [action] is based on a scottish scheme which had proved to be highly successful in pre= serving buildings of interest .

And at that stage England were 50 without loss , with Gooch and Mike Atherton seizing back the initiative with some memorable strokes after Ian Healy had spearheaded a gutsy rearguard action .
and at that stage england were 50 without loss , with gooch and mike atherton seizing back the [action] with some memorable strokes after ian healy had spearheaded a gutsy rearguard action .

Police have launched a new initiative to tackle a rising wave of crime .
police have launched a new [action] to tackle a rising wave of crime .

Many science parks have been developed through the combined initiative of a university , local authority , or development agency , and a finance house .
many science parks have been developed through the combined [action] of a university , local authority , or development agency , and a finance house .

First , a new initiative aimed at giving practical support to East European young business people and politicians is being launched today under the patronage of Oxford University 's Chancellor and other prominent political leaders .
first , a new [action] aimed at giving practical support to east european young business people and politicians is being launched today under the patronage of oxford university 's chancellor and other prominent political leaders .

Chairman of the initiative Danny Finkelstein says the people involved range across the whole political spectrum .
chairman of the [action] danny finkelstein says the people involved range across the whole political spectrum .

Not only have we got young people from all the political parties involved , but we 've also got Sir Geoffrey Howe , John Smith , David Owen , Lord Jenkins , in other words one senior representative from each of the major political parties has agreed to be a patron er so that shows that it is a cross-party initiative .
not only have we got young people from all the political parties involved , but we 've also got sir geoffrey howe , john smith , david owen , lord jenkins , in other words one senior representative from each of the major political parties has agreed to be a patron er so that shows that it is a cross-party [action] .

Foreign Secretary , Douglas Hurd , has told the Germans and the Italians the initiative breaks an agreement reached by Common Market leaders .
foreign secretary , douglas hurd , has told the germans and the italians the [action] breaks an agreement reached by common market leaders .

Thirdly , we 're trying to make sure that children who can best benefit by foster care , er do get foster parents , and we 've had a big er initiative this last twelve months , you probably know about , and that 's paying off , and we hope in the future only children going into residential homes who need residential care will get there .
thirdly , we 're trying to make sure that children who can best benefit by foster care , er do get foster parents , and we 've had a big er [action] this last twelve months , you probably know about , and that 's paying off , and we hope in the future only children going into residential homes who need residential care will get there .

Well we did rewrite it , the council initiative would come first ,
well we did rewrite it , the council [action] would come first ,

‘ People are understandably concerned about food problems and so forth . We have taken a new initiative , brand new initiative , we 've set up a whole new scheme doing this that and the other da da da , and in a sort of a tail end ,
‘ people are understandably concerned about food problems and so forth . we have taken a new [action] , brand new [action] , we 've set up a whole new scheme doing this that and the other da da da , and in a sort of a tail end ,

Yes , yes , but erm it means that whatever part of the tourist industry anybody 's in erm now is the opportunity to benefit from erm the British Tourist Board 's initiative and promote their own individual business erm featuring them in this erm massive advertising campaign , erm incorporating all the media , erm and benefit .
yes , yes , but erm it means that whatever part of the tourist industry anybody 's in erm now is the opportunity to benefit from erm the british tourist board 's [action] and promote their own individual business erm featuring them in this erm massive advertising campaign , erm incorporating all the media , erm and benefit .

The initiative has shifted to Yitzhak Shamir , and his right-wing Likud block .
the [action] has shifted to yitzhak shamir , and his right-wing likud block .

As a founder member of Opportunity 2000 — The Business in the Community initiative to encourage women in their careers — we have made further progress .
as a founder member of opportunity 2000 — the business in the community [action] to encourage women in their careers — we have made further progress .

As part of the company 's Quality of Operation exercise , a management development initiative — Improvement Through Teamwork — was launched with a two day training course for more than 120 senior and middle management .
as part of the company 's quality of operation exercise , a management development [action] — improvement through teamwork — was launched with a two day training course for more than 120 senior and middle management .

The company now believes it is saving money thanks to this initiative as Irene Leech , section manager , systems , Chadwell Heath told the Journal .
the company now believes it is saving money thanks to this [action] as irene leech , section manager , systems , chadwell heath told the journal .

‘ The hub initiative is continuing to generate high yield traffic and the growing number of transfer passengers in October illustrates the growing popularity of Manchester as a key connecting point , claimed Thompson .
‘ the hub [action] is continuing to generate high yield traffic and the growing number of transfer passengers in october illustrates the growing popularity of manchester as a key connecting point , claimed thompson .

Health and Safety : ‘ It 's the major success we can claim as a central initiative which was taken on board and went right through the company .
health and safety : ‘ it 's the major success we can claim as a central [action] which was taken on board and went right through the company .

Our leisure initiative failed because the companies that make up that industry themselves operate on too tight margins and could not afford what we had to offer .
our leisure [action] failed because the companies that make up that industry themselves operate on too tight margins and could not afford what we had to offer .

Courtaulds Protective Coatings is investing heavily in research to devise products based on the Ecotech initiative which promotes the increased use of environmentally sensitive coatings .
courtaulds protective coatings is investing heavily in research to devise products based on the ecotech [action] which promotes the increased use of environmentally sensitive coatings .

Soldiers in the Cheshire regiment now bravely trying to keep the peace among the warring factions are among those who will be praying for a fresh initiative .
soldiers in the cheshire regiment now bravely trying to keep the peace among the warring factions are among those who will be praying for a fresh [action] .

Organisers of Wirral 's Initiative for Needy Children ( Winch ) are also lining up a celebrity spot-kick contest for the same day at Prenton Park .
organisers of wirral 's [action] for needy children ( winch ) are also lining up a celebrity spot-kick contest for the same day at prenton park .

Peter Coffey , director of Wirral City Lands initiative , said alternative access routes had been investigated but they were either not feasible or extremely expensive .
peter coffey , director of wirral city lands [action] , said alternative access routes had been investigated but they were either not feasible or extremely expensive .

Michael Moloney attempted to make all the running on the 5-4 favourite but lost the initiative four out to Interim Lib .
michael moloney attempted to make all the running on the 5-4 favourite but lost the [action] four out to interim lib .

He grasped the initiative after leader Yorkshire Gale unseated his rider at the second last .
he grasped the [action] after leader yorkshire gale unseated his rider at the second last .

Cash from Wirral Council 's City Lands initiative is being pumped into major regeneration work , including a facelift operation at Victoria Place .
cash from wirral council 's city lands [action] is being pumped into major regeneration work , including a facelift operation at victoria place .

Homes for sale and rent are being created with £15m Housing Corporation aid and £17m from the private sector , as part of the Vacant Dwellings Initiative to renovate 1,300 council properties .
homes for sale and rent are being created with £15m housing corporation aid and £17m from the private sector , as part of the vacant dwellings [action] to renovate 1,300 council properties .

Critics claim the grant maintained initiative is losing momentum with only 309 schools , out of 24,000 , opting out in three years .
critics claim the grant maintained [action] is losing momentum with only 309 schools , out of 24,000 , opting out in three years .

New parts initiative
new parts [action]

’ While the infantry was still too weak to wrest the initiative from the enemy , carefully prepared artillery ‘ offensives ’ were directed by Pétain , to cause maximum loss to the enemy at minimum cost to himself .
’ while the infantry was still too weak to wrest the [action] from the enemy , carefully prepared artillery ‘ offensives ’ were directed by pétain , to cause maximum loss to the enemy at minimum cost to himself .

Once again the initiative passed to the Germans ; artillery spotting improved , materially affecting the success of their attacks on the Left Bank at the end of March .
once again the [action] passed to the germans ; artillery spotting improved , materially affecting the success of their attacks on the left bank at the end of march .

In a series of sharp , local attacks , the initiative lay alternatively with either side .
in a series of sharp , local attacks , the [action] lay alternatively with either side .

Our chances of ending the war quickly would certainly be greatly increased if the battle were won ; but if we failed to win it , even after what had already been achieved , our victory would merely be postponed and not rendered impossible , especially if we resolved in good time not to persist with our useless efforts at Verdun , but to take the initiative of attack elsewhere .
our chances of ending the war quickly would certainly be greatly increased if the battle were won ; but if we failed to win it , even after what had already been achieved , our victory would merely be postponed and not rendered impossible , especially if we resolved in good time not to persist with our useless efforts at verdun , but to take the [action] of attack elsewhere .

Effective training is a critical part of the success of this new initiative . The Interpon group powder products technology manager , , told Courtauld News :
effective training is a critical part of the success of this new [action] . the interpon group powder products technology manager , , told courtauld news :

Encouraging flexibility , teamwork and initiative .
encouraging flexibility , teamwork and [action] .

Chlor-Chemicals launch recycling initiative
chlor-chemicals launch recycling [action]

New teesside initiative praised for ‘ lion 's den ’ approach
new teesside [action] praised for ‘ lion 's den ’ approach

Other Groups Other smaller groups , such as the Brass Ensemble , Saxophone Quartet and the Madrigal Group , are joined by invitation only , but there are many ad hoc informal groups formed by pupils themselves , and any such initiative is welcomed and encouraged by the Music Department .
other groups other smaller groups , such as the brass ensemble , saxophone quartet and the madrigal group , are joined by invitation only , but there are many ad hoc informal groups formed by pupils themselves , and any such [action] is welcomed and encouraged by the music department .

One new initiative in the next couple of years , will be the opening of a third front — the Far East/Pacific Rim .
one new [action] in the next couple of years , will be the opening of a third front — the far east/pacific rim .

The initiative was launched in response to an employee attitude survey which showed that people wanted to contribute more to the success of the business .
the [action] was launched in response to an employee attitude survey which showed that people wanted to contribute more to the success of the business .

We felt we had to take the initiative and hope the Chlorine Information Service will prompt other organisations to follow our lead .
we felt we had to take the [action] and hope the chlorine information service will prompt other organisations to follow our lead .

‘ The quality initiative has been a major driving force , ’ John added .
‘ the quality [action] has been a major driving force , ’ john added .

This eliminates confusion , allows initiative to flourish , and has also delivered training benefits , particularly with starters .
this eliminates confusion , allows [action] to flourish , and has also delivered training benefits , particularly with starters .

On taking up the secondment full time at MOPs , the external manifestations of the quality initiative were less obvious .
on taking up the secondment full time at mops , the external manifestations of the quality [action] were less obvious .

This sometimes happens , but more usually it will be necessary for the salesperson to take the initiative .
this sometimes happens , but more usually it will be necessary for the salesperson to take the [action] .

The company 's Total Quality Management initiative , launched in March , has progressed with the development of Divisional Quality Plans .
the company 's total quality management [action] , launched in march , has progressed with the development of divisional quality plans .

The initiative was fully supported by the Petrochemicals business and Phillips Imperial Petroleum have significantly accelerated the asbestos stripping programme on the Crude Oil Unit .
the [action] was fully supported by the petrochemicals business and phillips imperial petroleum have significantly accelerated the asbestos stripping programme on the crude oil unit .

Mastered to get into the race . Just gave it some thought , give it some thought and initiative and you 're in !
mastered to get into the race . just gave it some thought , give it some thought and [action] and you 're in !

Sharp is claimed to be leading the world in the area of development and production of individual/home information tools and plans development and exploitation of ‘ the next-generation of products based on their ‘ Personal Information Tool ’ initiative which advocates considering communication among people and co-possession of information going beyond the conventional personal idea and creating a new life culture ’ — Their words not ours !
sharp is claimed to be leading the world in the area of development and production of individual/home information tools and plans development and exploitation of ‘ the next-generation of products based on their ‘ personal information tool ’ [action] which advocates considering communication among people and co-possession of information going beyond the conventional personal idea and creating a new life culture ’ — their words not ours !

In the early 1900s the initiative was with those lower down in the governing hierarchy than Lugard , and being the men they were , they took it .
in the early 1900s the [action] was with those lower down in the governing hierarchy than lugard , and being the men they were , they took it .

The governor of the Punjab praised his initiative .
the governor of the punjab praised his [action] .

Obliged to seize the initiative , he announced in 1920 his first campaign of mass non-co-operation .
obliged to seize the [action] , he announced in 1920 his first campaign of mass non-co-operation .

Irwin 's first big political initiative as viceroy was to extract from the British government permission to make a formal declaration that dominion status was the goal of British policy for India .
irwin 's first big political [action] as viceroy was to extract from the british government permission to make a formal declaration that dominion status was the goal of british policy for india .

Irwin , of course , refused , and Gandhi , whose reaction to Irwin 's initiative had at first been positive , announced that a campaign of civil disobedience would begin .
irwin , of course , refused , and gandhi , whose reaction to irwin 's [action] had at first been positive , announced that a campaign of civil disobedience would begin .

With the Congress leadership in jail , the Round Table conference which met in London in November , at Irwin 's initiative , to discuss constitutional advance , came to nothing , and Irwin realized that he must forego the pleasure of seeing the troublemakers in jail for the hope of constitutional development along the lines he had in mind for India .
with the congress leadership in jail , the round table conference which met in london in november , at irwin 's [action] , to discuss constitutional advance , came to nothing , and irwin realized that he must forego the pleasure of seeing the troublemakers in jail for the hope of constitutional development along the lines he had in mind for india .

The political initiative had also passed to the Colonial Office by the end of the war , though here again the process had begun shortly before the war , with the commissioning by the Royal Institute of International Affairs , or more precisely , its founder and moving spirit , Lionel Curtis , of a comprehensive survey of Africa .
the political [action] had also passed to the colonial office by the end of the war , though here again the process had begun shortly before the war , with the commissioning by the royal institute of international affairs , or more precisely , its founder and moving spirit , lionel curtis , of a comprehensive survey of africa .

Use your initiative , imagination and commonsense .
use your [action] , imagination and commonsense .

The Open Christmas is now so well established that food manufacturers take the initiative with offers of help .
the open christmas is now so well established that food manufacturers take the [action] with offers of help .

And , until ( the organisers ) can show a little more initiative in their booking policy , it will remain so .
and , until ( the organisers ) can show a little more [action] in their booking policy , it will remain so .

‘ It is an absolute waste of talent , initiative and enthusiasm . ’
‘ it is an absolute waste of talent , [action] and enthusiasm . ’

In calling for an ‘ unprecedented management ’ initiative to offset the effects of reduced staffing levels , Derek Dean did not mince words : ‘ It is not an over statement to say that a crisis is imminent and can only be averted if action is taken by all concerned as a matter of extreme urgency .
in calling for an ‘ unprecedented management ’ [action] to offset the effects of reduced staffing levels , derek dean did not mince words : ‘ it is not an over statement to say that a crisis is imminent and can only be averted if action is taken by all concerned as a matter of extreme urgency .

The initiative will be launched at the London International Boat Show at Earls Court in January .
the [action] will be launched at the london international boat show at earls court in january .

Meanwhile John Major broke off his holiday in Spain last night to fly home in a bid to save his Yugoslavian peace initiative .
meanwhile john major broke off his holiday in spain last night to fly home in a bid to save his yugoslavian peace [action] .

Dr Tim Lang , one of the pressure group leaders , said last night : ‘ The advertising initiative is fine , but it 's not enough . ’
dr tim lang , one of the pressure group leaders , said last night : ‘ the advertising [action] is fine , but it 's not enough . ’

‘ We 've decided to take the initiative ourselves , ’ he said yesterday .
‘ we 've decided to take the [action] ourselves , ’ he said yesterday .

It was through this initiative that Nick finally got to meet his great hero , James Cameron , and after the collapse of his first marriage , he married Cameron 's step-daughter , Sabeita .
it was through this [action] that nick finally got to meet his great hero , james cameron , and after the collapse of his first marriage , he married cameron 's step-daughter , sabeita .

They need to be told what freedom they have to use their initiative and perhaps be given information on the appropriate managerial style .
they need to be told what freedom they have to use their [action] and perhaps be given information on the appropriate managerial style .

This argument has become an important factor in recent debates about a new escalation of the arms race and major changes of nuclear strategy involved in the Star Wars proposal ( the Strategic Defence Initiative ) as well as proposals for new weapons systems based on new technologies .
this argument has become an important factor in recent debates about a new escalation of the arms race and major changes of nuclear strategy involved in the star wars proposal ( the strategic defence [action] ) as well as proposals for new weapons systems based on new technologies .

One of the devices thought to have the best potential for ensuring participation in policy-making is the American administrative law initiative of ‘ hybrid rule-making ’ .
one of the devices thought to have the best potential for ensuring participation in policy-making is the american administrative law [action] of ‘ hybrid rule-making ’ .

The individual 's responsibility in conversion is to repent and believe ; God 's initiative and response are his gift of forgiveness and his gift of the Holy Spirit ; and the church 's role is to welcome the new believer into fellowship , symbolizing this publicly in the act of baptism .
the individual 's responsibility in conversion is to repent and believe ; god 's [action] and response are his gift of forgiveness and his gift of the holy spirit ; and the church 's role is to welcome the new believer into fellowship , symbolizing this publicly in the act of baptism .

Had no such provision been made , and had it merely been left to the initiative of backbenchers to keep an eye on instruments tabled , it is highly probable that many instruments would become or remain law with never a critical eye being cast over them .
had no such provision been made , and had it merely been left to the [action] of backbenchers to keep an eye on instruments tabled , it is highly probable that many instruments would become or remain law with never a critical eye being cast over them .

… it is doubtless true that the power of the imperial Parliament to pass on its own initiative any legislation that it thought fit extending to Canada remains unimpaired .
… it is doubtless true that the power of the imperial parliament to pass on its own [action] any legislation that it thought fit extending to canada remains unimpaired .

Initiative , that .
[action] , that .

But it certainly represents a bold and timely initiative on the part of those involved in theological education .
but it certainly represents a bold and timely [action] on the part of those involved in theological education .

Another international initiative is the planting of Vineyard churches in England , which began in 1987 when John and Eleanor Mumford arrived back from California .
another international [action] is the planting of vineyard churches in england , which began in 1987 when john and eleanor mumford arrived back from california .

These can include : inadequate parish penetration ; growth philosophy , new housing opportunity , physical restrictions at the mother church and in some cases the bishop 's initiative , as the chart on page 62 shows .
these can include : inadequate parish penetration ; growth philosophy , new housing opportunity , physical restrictions at the mother church and in some cases the bishop 's [action] , as the chart on page 62 shows .

First , the bishop had been enthusiastic in inviting him to the new work and had been wide open to the initiative .
first , the bishop had been enthusiastic in inviting him to the new work and had been wide open to the [action] .

For a bishop to enthuse about such an initiative is , sadly , rare .
for a bishop to enthuse about such an [action] is , sadly , rare .

They will take initiative for the sake of ‘ the poor and needy strangers ’ , namely those outside the church who have no intention of going near the institutional church .
they will take [action] for the sake of ‘ the poor and needy strangers ’ , namely those outside the church who have no intention of going near the institutional church .

An hour and a half into the debate all four for the first time gave succinct answers in agreement to one question and were rewarded with a cheer from the floor ! The subject was whether they would support an initiative to tighten up laws on pornography , and all were in favour .
an hour and a half into the debate all four for the first time gave succinct answers in agreement to one question and were rewarded with a cheer from the floor ! the subject was whether they would support an [action] to tighten up laws on pornography , and all were in favour .

She spoke of her role as an officer for the Parish Environment Initiative , set up 18 months ago to help parish councils and interested groups to take care of their ‘ local patch ’ .
she spoke of her role as an officer for the parish environment [action] , set up 18 months ago to help parish councils and interested groups to take care of their ‘ local patch ’ .

Miss Bellamy gave examples of projects supported by the initiative team such as improvements to grassland areas which could be turned into wildlife areas if managed correctly leaving uncut grass around recreation areas will encourage wild flowers , which will attract insects , birds and small mammals .
miss bellamy gave examples of projects supported by the [action] team such as improvements to grassland areas which could be turned into wildlife areas if managed correctly leaving uncut grass around recreation areas will encourage wild flowers , which will attract insects , birds and small mammals .

‘ It is vital that companies prepare themselves for the new Europe and this initiative will help firms in the south .
‘ it is vital that companies prepare themselves for the new europe and this [action] will help firms in the south .

But England 's funereal approach handed New Zealand the initiative in the first part of the day , with Reeve 's 167-minute 18 leading the retreat to the trenches .
but england 's funereal approach handed new zealand the [action] in the first part of the day , with reeve 's 167-minute 18 leading the retreat to the trenches .

Technical and Vocational Education Initiative , Low Attainers project ) .
technical and vocational education [action] , low attainers project ) .

Secondly , the system circumscribed professional activity , constrained initiative , and demanded acquiescence in a curriculum that was so narrowly conceived as to represent a parody of education .
secondly , the system circumscribed professional activity , constrained [action] , and demanded acquiescence in a curriculum that was so narrowly conceived as to represent a parody of education .

And what more radical initiative in education could be mounted than one which decisively disturbed the traditional partnership between central and local government in the management of education and which exploded once and for all the myth of ‘ the secret garden of the curriculum ’ ?
and what more radical [action] in education could be mounted than one which decisively disturbed the traditional partnership between central and local government in the management of education and which exploded once and for all the myth of ‘ the secret garden of the curriculum ’ ?

Aspect 4 — motivation and commitment ; interest and perseverance ; initiative and enterprise .
aspect 4 — motivation and commitment ; interest and perseverance ; [action] and enterprise .

Not only is this kind of personality-screening process likely to be chancy and unreliable , but — if change and initiative is the goal — downright counterproductive .
not only is this kind of personality-screening process likely to be chancy and unreliable , but — if change and [action] is the goal — downright counterproductive .

Qualities that might generate and recoup excellent work in the classroom ( including , for instance , risk-taking , creativity , originality , the valuing of independence and initiative , a questioning and critical approach , etc .
qualities that might generate and recoup excellent work in the classroom ( including , for instance , risk-taking , creativity , originality , the valuing of independence and [action] , a questioning and critical approach , etc .

There are serious problems with this subject match thesis as we shall see , but the subject match initiative undoubtedly provides one of the major thrusts behind the intended improvement of teaching quality .
there are serious problems with this subject match thesis as we shall see , but the subject match [action] undoubtedly provides one of the major thrusts behind the intended improvement of teaching quality .

re-examination of the control purposes of schooling and the extent to which they pervade the system to the exclusion of other personal and social ends like collaboration , independence and initiative ;
re-examination of the control purposes of schooling and the extent to which they pervade the system to the exclusion of other personal and social ends like collaboration , independence and [action] ;

It is certainly possible that the confluence of various tides of change in assessment policy will prove instrumental in creating a wave of sufficient magnitude to bring about a revolution in attitudes to 16+ certification : of generating a degree of momentum that no single initiative could achieve by itself .
it is certainly possible that the confluence of various tides of change in assessment policy will prove instrumental in creating a wave of sufficient magnitude to bring about a revolution in attitudes to 16+ certification : of generating a degree of momentum that no single [action] could achieve by itself .

Linking together a series of public initiatives involving the District Audit Service , the government 's Financial Management Initiative , the work of the Select Committee on Social Services , the Audit Commission and the Social Services Inspectorate , they examine the impact of the three Es , ‘ economy , efficiency and effectiveness ’ in the provision of public services .
linking together a series of public initiatives involving the district audit service , the government 's financial management [action] , the work of the select committee on social services , the audit commission and the social services inspectorate , they examine the impact of the three es , ‘ economy , efficiency and effectiveness ’ in the provision of public services .

This initiative arose out of the then Secretary of State Sir Keith Joseph 's interest in the ‘ cycle of deprivation ’ ( for a comprehensive review see Brown and Madge , 1982 ) .
this [action] arose out of the then secretary of state sir keith joseph 's interest in the ‘ cycle of deprivation ’ ( for a comprehensive review see brown and madge , 1982 ) .

They strike blows in normal initiative order , and attack first during a charge , exactly like other warriors .
they strike blows in normal [action] order , and attack first during a charge , exactly like other warriors .

This gives 1 extra attack , worked out immediately prior to hand-to-hand combat regardless of initiative levels or which side charged .
this gives 1 extra attack , worked out immediately prior to hand-to-hand combat regardless of [action] levels or which side charged .

He has remarkably little choice of action or initiative if he is going to comply with the flight manual and his company 's operations manual and at the same time carry out an economic flight .
he has remarkably little choice of action or [action] if he is going to comply with the flight manual and his company 's operations manual and at the same time carry out an economic flight .

The latest initiative is the Livingston Software Innovation Centre — this is the only organisation in Europe that aims to remove the hassles plaguing start-up companies , by providing them with ‘ a nice roof over their heads ’ free of charge for the vital six months to a year before they start making money .
the latest [action] is the livingston software innovation centre — this is the only organisation in europe that aims to remove the hassles plaguing start-up companies , by providing them with ‘ a nice roof over their heads ’ free of charge for the vital six months to a year before they start making money .

Enterprise initiative
enterprise [action]

Alan Hazlehurst of Ipswich and Suffolk Chamber of Commerce said : ‘ It is always a pity when an initiative is taken away , but there is always the hope that it will be replaced with another , equally good initiative . ’
alan hazlehurst of ipswich and suffolk chamber of commerce said : ‘ it is always a pity when an [action] is taken away , but there is always the hope that it will be replaced with another , equally good [action] . ’

This was enough , however , to alarm the Church , and in 1408 , on the initiative of Archbishop Arundel , the reading of Wycliffe 's Bible and the translation of the Bible without approval by a bishop were made offences liable to excommunication and punishment for heresy .
this was enough , however , to alarm the church , and in 1408 , on the [action] of archbishop arundel , the reading of wycliffe 's bible and the translation of the bible without approval by a bishop were made offences liable to excommunication and punishment for heresy .

Punch , whose influence was considerable as the journalistic entertainer of the Establishment , in praising the Duke and Stanley for their initiative , used the occasion to deplore the Church of England 's preoccupation with ritualism :
punch , whose influence was considerable as the journalistic entertainer of the establishment , in praising the duke and stanley for their [action] , used the occasion to deplore the church of england 's preoccupation with ritualism :

The initiative coincided with a ‘ Switch-on Campaign ’ by the campus radio stations , which is lobbying for more open access to broadcasting .
the [action] coincided with a ‘ switch-on campaign ’ by the campus radio stations , which is lobbying for more open access to broadcasting .

Self-discipline , initiative , responsibility and special skills demand effective training .
self-discipline , [action] , responsibility and special skills demand effective training .

Geophysical surveys resulting from the initiative have been made to study saltern mounds on the Lincolnshire coast ( for Lindsey Archaeological Services and English Heritage ) ; to delineate terrace gravels near the Trent containing evidence of Roman settlement ( Trent and Peak Archaeological Trust and Steetly Products Ltd ) ; and to define the extent of a deserted medieval village under threat from road improvements ( Leicestershire County Council ) .
geophysical surveys resulting from the [action] have been made to study saltern mounds on the lincolnshire coast ( for lindsey archaeological services and english heritage ) ; to delineate terrace gravels near the trent containing evidence of roman settlement ( trent and peak archaeological trust and steetly products ltd ) ; and to define the extent of a deserted medieval village under threat from road improvements ( leicestershire county council ) .

England concede initiative as Tufnell fails to impress
england concede [action] as tufnell fails to impress

Making overtures towards another who mirrored our own disquieting and long-buried Chinese identity was both a fearful and exciting prospect , and neither of us quite got up the nerve to take the initiative .
making overtures towards another who mirrored our own disquieting and long-buried chinese identity was both a fearful and exciting prospect , and neither of us quite got up the nerve to take the [action] .

Quality service initiative is ‘ crucially important ’
quality service [action] is ‘ crucially important ’

Essex Chief Constable John Burrow says the Service Delivery Standards initiative is ‘ crucially important ’ if the police are to continue to receive the public 's trust and co-operation .
essex chief constable john burrow says the service delivery standards [action] is ‘ crucially important ’ if the police are to continue to receive the public 's trust and co-operation .

The aims of the initiative have been explained to 1,000 officers of all ranks in a series of briefings .
the aims of the [action] have been explained to 1,000 officers of all ranks in a series of briefings .

He cited the guidelines on cot death as a key example of what the initiative was intended to achieve .
he cited the guidelines on cot death as a key example of what the [action] was intended to achieve .

The Budget did offer more hope to unemployed disabled people , who will now be given priority in the vocational education initiative and in the Community Action programme .
the budget did offer more hope to unemployed disabled people , who will now be given priority in the vocational education [action] and in the community action programme .

This has major implications for the relationship between the two ; few local ‘ voluntaries ’ can afford to offend those who hold purse strings and the nature of the services which they offer may sometimes be on the basis of a contract from the statutory sector ( for example , for meals-on-wheels ) rather than an independent initiative .
this has major implications for the relationship between the two ; few local ‘ voluntaries ’ can afford to offend those who hold purse strings and the nature of the services which they offer may sometimes be on the basis of a contract from the statutory sector ( for example , for meals-on-wheels ) rather than an independent [action] .

Some mothers answer all the time for the children , which makes the Committee think the child lacks initiative .
some mothers answer all the time for the children , which makes the committee think the child lacks [action] .

He seems , on his own initiative , to have put himself through an extensive course of classics , modern languages and English literature , a combination of subjects that it was not then possible to offer at any university .
he seems , on his own [action] , to have put himself through an extensive course of classics , modern languages and english literature , a combination of subjects that it was not then possible to offer at any university .

He is to take over not only the redevelopment of derelict inner-city sites , a major initiative in itself , but also the overlordship of the ten ( soon to be 12 ) Urban Development Corporations , as well as acting as an English development agency , attracting foreign companies to English towns and cities in the same way as he did for Wales .
he is to take over not only the redevelopment of derelict inner-city sites , a major [action] in itself , but also the overlordship of the ten ( soon to be 12 ) urban development corporations , as well as acting as an english development agency , attracting foreign companies to english towns and cities in the same way as he did for wales .

Right in the middle of this year 's manifesto , however , was Major 's own personal initiative , the Citizen 's Charter .
right in the middle of this year 's manifesto , however , was major 's own personal [action] , the citizen 's charter .

In late 1991 , the Asylum Bill was introduced into parliament as a Home Office initiative with the intention of making various aspects of the asylumapplication process more difficult .
in late 1991 , the asylum bill was introduced into parliament as a home office [action] with the intention of making various aspects of the asylumapplication process more difficult .

The notion is that a major innovation , or set of innovations , at a particular point in time is exploited by the ability and initiative of entrepreneurs to create new opportunities for profit .
the notion is that a major innovation , or set of innovations , at a particular point in time is exploited by the ability and [action] of entrepreneurs to create new opportunities for profit .

They are free to move around ; they can plan their own work schedules ; and they are free to use their own initiative .
they are free to move around ; they can plan their own work schedules ; and they are free to use their own [action] .

Taking the Initiative
taking the [action]

As soon as you decide to attack your opponent , you must seize the initiative and strike first .
as soon as you decide to attack your opponent , you must seize the [action] and strike first .

So take the initiative : if you ca n't avoid them , outrun them or reason with them , you are going to have to fight your way out .
so take the [action] : if you ca n't avoid them , outrun them or reason with them , you are going to have to fight your way out .

Instead of standing there helplessly until the end of the performance , seize the initiative and act quickly .
instead of standing there helplessly until the end of the performance , seize the [action] and act quickly .

Above all , always retain the initiative when in danger .
above all , always retain the [action] when in danger .

His nephew was not one to yield the initiative readily .
his nephew was not one to yield the [action] readily .

With a population of almost a score of thousands , the place was a notable monument to the values of industry and initiative .
with a population of almost a score of thousands , the place was a notable monument to the values of industry and [action] .

Launched in 1939 , the latter remained the Standard Group 's only venture into the Swahili language press and , like the Tanganyika Standard , began as a result of a government initiative .
launched in 1939 , the latter remained the standard group 's only venture into the swahili language press and , like the tanganyika standard , began as a result of a government [action] .

If they want someone to work on their own initiative , don ‘ t be afraid to tell them in your application that you can do that .
if they want someone to work on their own [action] , don ‘ t be afraid to tell them in your application that you can do that .

The problem for the local community is how to prevent this same destruction in their own area , given the strong support by the British state for this type of initiative by private capital On a more local note , given the sectarian nature of the state in the north , the local community has major problems , given that it is a Roman Catholic community , in making its position heard by the local Unionist-dominated council .
the problem for the local community is how to prevent this same destruction in their own area , given the strong support by the british state for this type of [action] by private capital on a more local note , given the sectarian nature of the state in the north , the local community has major problems , given that it is a roman catholic community , in making its position heard by the local unionist-dominated council .

Palatine have traditionally left this side of the business to the licensee 's individual initiative .
palatine have traditionally left this side of the business to the licensee 's individual [action] .

He fought back bravely to regain the initiative of the argument .
he fought back bravely to regain the [action] of the argument .

‘ You 've already dismantled the link to Kirov , so there 's no way the authorities could prove he had n't acted on his own initiative .
‘ you 've already dismantled the link to kirov , so there 's no way the authorities could prove he had n't acted on his own [action] .

She suddenly regained the initiative of which shock had left her temporarily bereft , and shot from her chair like a well-punted football . Arms akimbo , her face still white under her heavy makeup , she snarled : ‘ Will one of you please explain what 's been going on behind my back ? ’
she suddenly regained the [action] of which shock had left her temporarily bereft , and shot from her chair like a well-punted football . arms akimbo , her face still white under her heavy makeup , she snarled : ‘ will one of you please explain what 's been going on behind my back ? ’

On the heathland of north-west Norfolk many poor men of no military value were ignored until taxed on wages in the subsidy ; above the £1-level people there resembled those who lived farther to the east , except that the outstanding men were great landowners and yeomen , in contrast to the north-eastern district , where peasants were firmly entrenched , usually taking the initiative over enclosure , which had made more progress there .
on the heathland of north-west norfolk many poor men of no military value were ignored until taxed on wages in the subsidy ; above the £1-level people there resembled those who lived farther to the east , except that the outstanding men were great landowners and yeomen , in contrast to the north-eastern district , where peasants were firmly entrenched , usually taking the [action] over enclosure , which had made more progress there .

Unix System Laboratories Inc is taking the initiative with the mass market/commercial issue and is trying to persuade the industry to stage a concentrated show of force at Comdex this fall .
unix system laboratories inc is taking the [action] with the mass market/commercial issue and is trying to persuade the industry to stage a concentrated show of force at comdex this fall .

The initiative 's primary goal was to provide greater Fortran functionality in massively parallel computing , especially in the fields of data parallel programming ; the provision of non-uniform memory access costs on parallel computers ; and common code tuning application programming interfaces for different architectures .
the [action] 's primary goal was to provide greater fortran functionality in massively parallel computing , especially in the fields of data parallel programming ; the provision of non-uniform memory access costs on parallel computers ; and common code tuning application programming interfaces for different architectures .

They do have an extra point of initiative instead , which puts them on a par with Men and gives them an advantage over Dwarfs .
they do have an extra point of [action] instead , which puts them on a par with men and gives them an advantage over dwarfs .

Double-handed weapons are a good option because Ogres have such a low initiative they usually end up striking last anyway .
double-handed weapons are a good option because ogres have such a low [action] they usually end up striking last anyway .

Goblins with nets receive a +1 initiative bonus and so always attack before club-armed Goblins .
goblins with nets receive a +1 [action] bonus and so always attack before club-armed goblins .

This is not the place to discuss in full the nature of the modular approaches nor to detail the achievements of those schools in the forefront of this curriculum initiative .
this is not the place to discuss in full the nature of the modular approaches nor to detail the achievements of those schools in the forefront of this curriculum [action] .

An awareness of the responsibility to respond to special educational needs permeates the whole of adult education , often starting on a small scale through the initiative of dedicated individuals .
an awareness of the responsibility to respond to special educational needs permeates the whole of adult education , often starting on a small scale through the [action] of dedicated individuals .

In conclusion , joint problem-solving and the consultative sharing of expertise can maximise scarce existing resources and increase the capacity of teachers to meet the individual needs of all children ; stimulate teachers ' personal judgment and initiative as to the best educational ‘ therapies ’ open to them , raise their sights as to how to help all children , whatever their difficulties , to learn and to cope , how to offer them those ‘ good school experiences such as some form of success , accomplishment , sense of self-esteem or just pleasure in school activities ’ found to be so valuable even in later life ( cf Quinton and Rutter 1988 ) .
in conclusion , joint problem-solving and the consultative sharing of expertise can maximise scarce existing resources and increase the capacity of teachers to meet the individual needs of all children ; stimulate teachers ' personal judgment and [action] as to the best educational ‘ therapies ’ open to them , raise their sights as to how to help all children , whatever their difficulties , to learn and to cope , how to offer them those ‘ good school experiences such as some form of success , accomplishment , sense of self-esteem or just pleasure in school activities ’ found to be so valuable even in later life ( cf quinton and rutter 1988 ) .

But subjectivity 's ambiguities produce problems with this initiative , too .
but subjectivity 's ambiguities produce problems with this [action] , too .

Heidrick took the initiative in persuading his more cautious partner to take the plunge and set up their own headhunting operation ; he chose an opportune moment .
heidrick took the [action] in persuading his more cautious partner to take the plunge and set up their own headhunting operation ; he chose an opportune moment .

In the short term , acting as a catalyst , there was the creation of a specific demand for executive search skills by a number of enterprising and determined individuals , working both at the behest of the Big Four and on their own personal initiative .
in the short term , acting as a catalyst , there was the creation of a specific demand for executive search skills by a number of enterprising and determined individuals , working both at the behest of the big four and on their own personal [action] .

It required fewer people who could pass the port in the right way , and more people who would have the drive , energy , initiative and sheer guts actually to make money for the shareholders and themselves in a recessionary environment .
it required fewer people who could pass the port in the right way , and more people who would have the drive , energy , [action] and sheer guts actually to make money for the shareholders and themselves in a recessionary environment .

But at no point in these years did the Armed Forces take the initiative in resolving political disputes and at no stage was it brought into intrigue by discontented Party factions ( exempting , of course , the First Secretary himself ) .
but at no point in these years did the armed forces take the [action] in resolving political disputes and at no stage was it brought into intrigue by discontented party factions ( exempting , of course , the first secretary himself ) .

Normal communication is free and spontaneous , with parties taking turns , with an equal balance between initiative and response .
normal communication is free and spontaneous , with parties taking turns , with an equal balance between [action] and response .

This is a welcome initiative , especially as National Park Authorities are looking at ways to reduce car use by visitors .
this is a welcome [action] , especially as national park authorities are looking at ways to reduce car use by visitors .

When someone uses their own initiative , Peter can come on pretty strong .
when someone uses their own [action] , peter can come on pretty strong .

Her initiative , efficiency and intelligence are beyond question .
her [action] , efficiency and intelligence are beyond question .

But final breakdown and divorce can be the initiative of one ‘ unwilling ’ partner .
but final breakdown and divorce can be the [action] of one ‘ unwilling ’ partner .

As public shopping arcades lend themselves to situations of abuse it is important that they have somewhere warm to go ; one example of a voluntary initiative is that Bradford Council of Mosques has set up a day centre for retired older men .
as public shopping arcades lend themselves to situations of abuse it is important that they have somewhere warm to go ; one example of a voluntary [action] is that bradford council of mosques has set up a day centre for retired older men .

She explored protective services for elderly people , advocating a proactive stance , taking the initiative to give the client a taste of a service , on the assumption that saying ‘ no ’ will be the automatic response to something threatening ( Wasser , 1971 ) .
she explored protective services for elderly people , advocating a proactive stance , taking the [action] to give the client a taste of a service , on the assumption that saying ‘ no ’ will be the automatic response to something threatening ( wasser , 1971 ) .

Lastly , where there is a reluctance on the part of the client to involve relatives , whether siblings or adult children , it might be appropriate for the social worker to become more directive , and take the initiative in this negotiation .
lastly , where there is a reluctance on the part of the client to involve relatives , whether siblings or adult children , it might be appropriate for the social worker to become more directive , and take the [action] in this negotiation .

The loss of spontaneity and initiative may be accompanied by personality changes , anxiety and restlessness , particularly around tea time .
the loss of spontaneity and [action] may be accompanied by personality changes , anxiety and restlessness , particularly around tea time .

They argue that the tax burden required to finance the Welfare State has reduced incentives and thereby curbed initiative and enterprise , leading to an adverse effect on economic growth .
they argue that the tax burden required to finance the welfare state has reduced incentives and thereby curbed [action] and enterprise , leading to an adverse effect on economic growth .

Conservatives believe that tax cuts will lead to greater incentives and initiative , thereby creating an enterprise culture in which the benefits of growth will ultimately spread to everyone .
conservatives believe that tax cuts will lead to greater incentives and [action] , thereby creating an enterprise culture in which the benefits of growth will ultimately spread to everyone .

Lower taxation coupled with lower inflation makes everyone better off … It promotes a climate of enterprise and initiative .
lower taxation coupled with lower inflation makes everyone better off … it promotes a climate of enterprise and [action] .

The Conservative emphasis on incentives , initiative and the spirit of enterprise may well improve average living standards , but there is a danger that not all people will participate in the general prosperity .
the conservative emphasis on incentives , [action] and the spirit of enterprise may well improve average living standards , but there is a danger that not all people will participate in the general prosperity .

But despite some lovely touches from him , Rangers kept the initiative .
but despite some lovely touches from him , rangers kept the [action] .

But Football League action of the kind taken against Flashman is unusual and is seldom the result of their own initiative .
but football league action of the kind taken against flashman is unusual and is seldom the result of their own [action] .

That earned her a withering glance from D'Arcy before he continued : ‘ Our first job will be to seize the initiative from them .
that earned her a withering glance from d'arcy before he continued : ‘ our first job will be to seize the [action] from them .

Our initiative has taken the beauty and exercise world by storm .
our [action] has taken the beauty and exercise world by storm .

But the book also gives commendations for initiative .
but the book also gives commendations for [action] .

Certainly , we are looking for individuals who can accept responsibility both for themselves and others , who can use their initiative to control events rather than drift aimlessly through life .
certainly , we are looking for individuals who can accept responsibility both for themselves and others , who can use their [action] to control events rather than drift aimlessly through life .

The best possible outcome of the counselling process is where individuals actually begin to feel sufficiently confident to act on their own initiative , on their own behalf , and to follow the objectives that best match their own ideas about themselves and their lives .
the best possible outcome of the counselling process is where individuals actually begin to feel sufficiently confident to act on their own [action] , on their own behalf , and to follow the objectives that best match their own ideas about themselves and their lives .

In the 1950s , the elderly were described as ‘ passengers ’ , threatening to pull down the standard of living enjoyed by society as a whole ; they were a regressive element , dampening the ‘ initiative of youth ’ , and playing a conservative role in social and political life .
in the 1950s , the elderly were described as ‘ passengers ’ , threatening to pull down the standard of living enjoyed by society as a whole ; they were a regressive element , dampening the ‘ [action] of youth ’ , and playing a conservative role in social and political life .

Divorce , for example , often takes place on the initiative of the wife .
divorce , for example , often takes place on the [action] of the wife .

‘ It is an initiative by certain groups to undermine the relative stability we are trying to cultivate in our area , ’ said a spokesman .
‘ it is an [action] by certain groups to undermine the relative stability we are trying to cultivate in our area , ’ said a spokesman .

When this war broke out organised Labour in this country lost the initiative .
when this war broke out organised labour in this country lost the [action] .

Now the Russian Revolution has once again given you the chance to take the initiative yourselves .
now the russian revolution has once again given you the chance to take the [action] yourselves .

The risk that the conference would enable German socialists to divert Allied socialists from their commitment to victory had to be balanced against the certainty that a refusal by Western socialists to respond to Russian calls for a new peace initiative would play into the hands of Bolshevik revolutionary defeatism .
the risk that the conference would enable german socialists to divert allied socialists from their commitment to victory had to be balanced against the certainty that a refusal by western socialists to respond to russian calls for a new peace [action] would play into the hands of bolshevik revolutionary defeatism .

Despite Cabinet hostility , however , Henderson proceeded to persuade a specially summoned Labour party Conference to support the Stockholm initiative .
despite cabinet hostility , however , henderson proceeded to persuade a specially summoned labour party conference to support the stockholm [action] .

The initiative was taken by Helen Crawfurd , a militant suffragette and socialist whose involvement in the 1915 Glasgow Rent Strike had awakened her to the possibilities of resistance by working-class women .
the [action] was taken by helen crawfurd , a militant suffragette and socialist whose involvement in the 1915 glasgow rent strike had awakened her to the possibilities of resistance by working-class women .

On March 3rd , unable to hold out any longer in the hopes of a peace initiative from the West , Trotsky was forced to sign the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk .
on march 3rd , unable to hold out any longer in the hopes of a peace [action] from the west , trotsky was forced to sign the treaty of brest-litovsk .

Events in Oxford and Bridgewater should have told him otherwise — as should the call , by representatives of 120 local Labour Parties meeting to discuss Spain , for Labour to take the initiative in forming an alliance of progressive forces to bring down Chamberlain .
events in oxford and bridgewater should have told him otherwise — as should the call , by representatives of 120 local labour parties meeting to discuss spain , for labour to take the [action] in forming an alliance of progressive forces to bring down chamberlain .

After Munich the initiative lay with Hitler .
after munich the [action] lay with hitler .

The Labour leadership , fully committed to the Churchill coalition , tended to see pressure from below more as a threat to the orderly regimentation of the people , than as a source of constructive initiative .
the labour leadership , fully committed to the churchill coalition , tended to see pressure from below more as a threat to the orderly regimentation of the people , than as a source of constructive [action] .

That gave Arsenal the initiative and within seven minutes they went further ahead .
that gave arsenal the [action] and within seven minutes they went further ahead .

Taking the initiative
taking the [action]

Yet The Stock Exchange , while strongly supporting the Cadbury initiative , has made it plain that it does not intend to require compliance with the code as a listing requirement .
yet the stock exchange , while strongly supporting the cadbury [action] , has made it plain that it does not intend to require compliance with the code as a listing requirement .

Commercial Initiative ( ) issues a monthly Search & Report database enabling accountants and other businesses to make direct contact with a wide range of commercial mortgage lenders .
commercial [action] ( ) issues a monthly search & report database enabling accountants and other businesses to make direct contact with a wide range of commercial mortgage lenders .

The proposed fund — which is based on an initiative by the five main trade associations — would compensate package holiday customers not covered by the existing Air Travel Organisers ' Licence Arrangements .
the proposed fund — which is based on an [action] by the five main trade associations — would compensate package holiday customers not covered by the existing air travel organisers ' licence arrangements .

The Eurotech Innvest Service undertakes liaison between companies looking for capital through this initiative and with the investors .
the eurotech innvest service undertakes liaison between companies looking for capital through this [action] and with the investors .

Copies of the review , price £255 , are available from Initiative Europe ( call ) .
copies of the review , price £255 , are available from [action] europe ( call ) .

The less initiative the worker has , the better he can tolerate such a job .
the less [action] the worker has , the better he can tolerate such a job .

Sometimes this can be described as apathy : ‘ to have difficulties in taking initiative , and to experience problems in personal control and human relations ’ ( Kets de Vries , 1978 ) .
sometimes this can be described as apathy : ‘ to have difficulties in taking [action] , and to experience problems in personal control and human relations ’ ( kets de vries , 1978 ) .

The message of Opportunity 2000 — the business-led initiative to get more women into top management by the year 2000 is not filtering down to many line managers , according to the campaign 's first year report .
the message of opportunity 2000 — the business-led [action] to get more women into top management by the year 2000 is not filtering down to many line managers , according to the campaign 's first year report .

However , in a foreword to the report , Lady Howe , the campaign 's chairman , stresses that the initiative is a long-term one and that it is only beginning to get underway .
however , in a foreword to the report , lady howe , the campaign 's chairman , stresses that the [action] is a long-term one and that it is only beginning to get underway .

Thus the Committee 's aim was to reinforce good corporate governance without stifling entrepreneurial initiative .
thus the committee 's aim was to reinforce good corporate governance without stifling entrepreneurial [action] .

Anyone nominated for a partnership now has to go through a two-day assessment and take part in simulated exercises that test the ability to display initiative in seeking new business .
anyone nominated for a partnership now has to go through a two-day assessment and take part in simulated exercises that test the ability to display [action] in seeking new business .

Acting on his own initiative he found a mediocre painter whose technique was sound , and took some lessons in perspective from him .
acting on his own [action] he found a mediocre painter whose technique was sound , and took some lessons in perspective from him .

An initiative instigated by Inter-Continental Hotels has brought together ten major hotel groups to provide individual hotels with a detailed environment manual .
an [action] instigated by inter-continental hotels has brought together ten major hotel groups to provide individual hotels with a detailed environment manual .

The Institute 's initiative in providing this service to its members has the support of the Review Panel and the Department of Trade and Industry , as well as the Auditing Practices Board and the Accounting Standards Board .
the institute 's [action] in providing this service to its members has the support of the review panel and the department of trade and industry , as well as the auditing practices board and the accounting standards board .

It has to do with the relationship between individual initiative and conventional constraint , with the limits social conditions put on the freedom of thought and action .
it has to do with the relationship between individual [action] and conventional constraint , with the limits social conditions put on the freedom of thought and action .

The limits of initiative
the limits of [action]

They serve as a valuable corrective to approaches of the kind that a behaviourist view might encourage , approaches which impose conformity on learners , reduce the scope of their participation as persons , and deny them the exercise of individual initiative in the learning process .
they serve as a valuable corrective to approaches of the kind that a behaviourist view might encourage , approaches which impose conformity on learners , reduce the scope of their participation as persons , and deny them the exercise of individual [action] in the learning process .

Rather it provides for the initiative of invention whereby actuality can be variously interpreted and changed .
rather it provides for the [action] of invention whereby actuality can be variously interpreted and changed .

They are provided with guidance which enables them to take the initiative .
they are provided with guidance which enables them to take the [action] .

Other publishers do not think they must follow Reed 's initiative to regain lost ground .
other publishers do not think they must follow reed 's [action] to regain lost ground .

It 's still early days for the initiative .
it 's still early days for the [action] .

This spring saw another major initiative by British book publishers .
this spring saw another major [action] by british book publishers .

The initiative has been a success in terms of sales .
the [action] has been a success in terms of sales .

This spring saw another major initiative by British book publishers . Secker & Warburg , Chatto & Windus and Hamish Hamilton started to publish books straight into paperback
this spring saw another major [action] by british book publishers . secker & warburg , chatto & windus and hamish hamilton started to publish books straight into paperback

As Lesley Bell , director of Joint Initiative for Community Care , says : ‘ It is absolutely crazy that anyone can set up a home care agency with no form of regulation whatsoever .
as lesley bell , director of joint [action] for community care , says : ‘ it is absolutely crazy that anyone can set up a home care agency with no form of regulation whatsoever .

Quite suddenly , the voters have put the initiative back in his hands .
quite suddenly , the voters have put the [action] back in his hands .

The Strategic Defence Initiative is rejigged for action against short-range rather than long-range missiles , at a saving of some $ 1.5 billion compared with the Bush plan .
the strategic defence [action] is rejigged for action against short-range rather than long-range missiles , at a saving of some $ 1.5 billion compared with the bush plan .

The model most often cited by development economists is Ghana , which adopted IMF-backed reform in 1983 after its old protectionist ways stifled initiative and brought the economy to its knees .
the model most often cited by development economists is ghana , which adopted imf-backed reform in 1983 after its old protectionist ways stifled [action] and brought the economy to its knees .

It is too soon to know if the initiative will touch off an Italian-style mop-up of Brazil 's mob .
it is too soon to know if the [action] will touch off an italian-style mop-up of brazil 's mob .

’ In the more elegant terminology of another source , fossilization has set in and the push to drive out abuse has stifled the exercise of initiative .
’ in the more elegant terminology of another source , fossilization has set in and the push to drive out abuse has stifled the exercise of [action] .

It tends to encourage any tendency to the suppression of initiative , and to foster cautious conservatism , perhaps to the point of atrophy .
it tends to encourage any tendency to the suppression of [action] , and to foster cautious conservatism , perhaps to the point of atrophy .

‘ The summoning of the Ecumenical Council ’ , wrote the editor of his diary , ‘ was entirely his own initiative and in capite under his own jurisdiction ’ ( Roncalli , 1965 , p. 345 ) .
‘ the summoning of the ecumenical council ’ , wrote the editor of his diary , ‘ was entirely his own [action] and in capite under his own jurisdiction ’ ( roncalli , 1965 , p. 345 ) .

The leader in this initiative was the Spanish canonist Cardinal Arcadio Larraona , patron of Opus Dei , and Archbishop Marcel Lefebvre was among the signatories .
the leader in this [action] was the spanish canonist cardinal arcadio larraona , patron of opus dei , and archbishop marcel lefebvre was among the signatories .

But the Scottish Rooflessness Initiative still has some way to go , especially in preventing young Scots becoming homeless and at risk in London , he told a seminar in Edinburgh .
but the scottish rooflessness [action] still has some way to go , especially in preventing young scots becoming homeless and at risk in london , he told a seminar in edinburgh .

Under the initiative , voluntary agencies have received grants totalling £150,000 .
under the [action] , voluntary agencies have received grants totalling £150,000 .

The initiative will work in partnership with local agencies to address local community problems .
the [action] will work in partnership with local agencies to address local community problems .

In all Boards there was certainly an increase in red tape and committee work , and perhaps a loss of initiative and an unwillingness to take responsibility among managers and engineers , and , in a very few cases , simple unchecked extravagance .
in all boards there was certainly an increase in red tape and committee work , and perhaps a loss of [action] and an unwillingness to take responsibility among managers and engineers , and , in a very few cases , simple unchecked extravagance .

The independent philosophies of system design in the Merseyside & North Wales and London Boards and the fast movement to a two-tier rather than three-tier management devolution in the latter Board also suggest that the drive to standardise did not significantly constrain local initiative where local conditions were thought to require a less orthodox approach .
the independent philosophies of system design in the merseyside & north wales and london boards and the fast movement to a two-tier rather than three-tier management devolution in the latter board also suggest that the drive to standardise did not significantly constrain local [action] where local conditions were thought to require a less orthodox approach .

Cecil Melling ( the chairman of the Eastern Board , who had supported Schiller 's work since before nationalisation and took costing more seriously than his fellow chairmen ) for a time gained the support of the Central Authority 's commercial department for the better reflection of off-peak costs in the bulk tariff , but the other Area Board chairmen strongly opposed the initiative .
cecil melling ( the chairman of the eastern board , who had supported schiller 's work since before nationalisation and took costing more seriously than his fellow chairmen ) for a time gained the support of the central authority 's commercial department for the better reflection of off-peak costs in the bulk tariff , but the other area board chairmen strongly opposed the [action] .

It took Mr Gorbachev a year or two to perceive that he held a hopelessly weak hand — that the Soviet Union could not possibly match the enormous economic and technological resources Mr Reagan commanded and was prepared to employ , including the much-maligned Strategic Defence Initiative , which Mr Shultz strongly supported .
it took mr gorbachev a year or two to perceive that he held a hopelessly weak hand — that the soviet union could not possibly match the enormous economic and technological resources mr reagan commanded and was prepared to employ , including the much-maligned strategic defence [action] , which mr shultz strongly supported .

Before long , Legasov was using glasnost to think aloud about the design flaws in communism , about the dissipation of accountability and initiative in the vast bureaucracies that ran the country .
before long , legasov was using glasnost to think aloud about the design flaws in communism , about the dissipation of accountability and [action] in the vast bureaucracies that ran the country .

Last November he trounced Mr Wilson at the ballot box , both defeating a budget initiative sponsored by the governor and increasing the number of Democrat assemblymen .
last november he trounced mr wilson at the ballot box , both defeating a budget [action] sponsored by the governor and increasing the number of democrat assemblymen .

This , after all , is a place where scorning government has been taken to new extremes ; where voters have boxed in their politicians with ballot initiative after ballot initiative .
this , after all , is a place where scorning government has been taken to new extremes ; where voters have boxed in their politicians with ballot [action] after ballot [action] .

Ask Mr Brown about Proposition 13 , the 1978 ballot initiative that crippled local government , and he will say that it should be reformed ; but he has hardly been spotted on the barricades shouting that cause , let alone trying to tackle it directly in the legislature .
ask mr brown about proposition 13 , the 1978 ballot [action] that crippled local government , and he will say that it should be reformed ; but he has hardly been spotted on the barricades shouting that cause , let alone trying to tackle it directly in the legislature .

The question of Mr Brown 's achievements has become more pressing because of a Californian term-limits law ( yes , another initiative ) which will eject him by 1996 from the assembly where he has sat for 27 years .
the question of mr brown 's achievements has become more pressing because of a californian term-limits law ( yes , another [action] ) which will eject him by 1996 from the assembly where he has sat for 27 years .

In March representatives of more than 1,000 private firms decided to set up the Association of Private and Privatised Business , which they have invited Mr Gaidar to run.Two other lobbies for reform have come into being , the Entrepreneurial Policy Initiative and the Inter-regional Trade and Banking Union .
in march representatives of more than 1,000 private firms decided to set up the association of private and privatised business , which they have invited mr gaidar to run.two other lobbies for reform have come into being , the entrepreneurial policy [action] and the inter-regional trade and banking union .

The initiative was taken first in relation to young children , and an almost universal policy was adopted to prevent the reception into residential care of young children under five .
the [action] was taken first in relation to young children , and an almost universal policy was adopted to prevent the reception into residential care of young children under five .

To take this initiative and extend it to include a range of interests which they can use , whether or not they are employed in the future , might help them to be on a more equal footing with their peers who have not been in public care .
to take this [action] and extend it to include a range of interests which they can use , whether or not they are employed in the future , might help them to be on a more equal footing with their peers who have not been in public care .

This was a small initiative .
this was a small [action] .

To win the war , Mr Yeltsin must not dissipate the initiative he won on April 25th .
to win the war , mr yeltsin must not dissipate the [action] he won on april 25th .

Some integrated services emerged in the early 1980s — one playscheme was developed through a parent 's initiative , and an integrated adventure playground was established by a voluntary organisation .
some integrated services emerged in the early 1980s — one playscheme was developed through a parent 's [action] , and an integrated adventure playground was established by a voluntary organisation .

Two schemes received grant aid from Under Fives Initiative ( Wales ) which came to an end in March 1988 .
two schemes received grant aid from under fives [action] ( wales ) which came to an end in march 1988 .

Many of the features of effective special education , such as individual programmes and the management of a wide variety of learning rates and styles , are now expected in the mainstream of education and training — for example , work in the Teaching and Vocational Educational Initiative .
many of the features of effective special education , such as individual programmes and the management of a wide variety of learning rates and styles , are now expected in the mainstream of education and training — for example , work in the teaching and vocational educational [action] .

If they are fortunate enough to become involved in an initiative which supports their progress into employment , this can lead them into another level of experience .
if they are fortunate enough to become involved in an [action] which supports their progress into employment , this can lead them into another level of experience .

The move was part of the ‘ community care ’ initiative adopted by health authorities to provide housing and support services in ordinary settings for people with learning difficulties .
the move was part of the ‘ community care ’ [action] adopted by health authorities to provide housing and support services in ordinary settings for people with learning difficulties .

Cliff 's Schools Initiative is Just the Ticket
cliff 's schools [action] is just the ticket

Children from over 60 primary schools countrywide have been invited to take part in the Cliff Richard Tennis Trail , the new initiative launched at the All England Club in true showbiz style at the end of February .
children from over 60 primary schools countrywide have been invited to take part in the cliff richard tennis trail , the new [action] launched at the all england club in true showbiz style at the end of february .

To take the initiative yourself , however is often too difficult : your mind may have convinced you that your confusion is so much greater than other people 's , your backlog of work so much longer , your reputation so much lower , that to open yourself to the social confirmation of these frightful facts would be a pointless and self-sacrificing thing to do .
to take the [action] yourself , however is often too difficult : your mind may have convinced you that your confusion is so much greater than other people 's , your backlog of work so much longer , your reputation so much lower , that to open yourself to the social confirmation of these frightful facts would be a pointless and self-sacrificing thing to do .

The Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art ( MASSMoCA ) may be just a red-brick castle in the western New England sky , but locals hope the grand initiative will one day bring prosperity to this economically depressed mill town .
the massachusetts museum of contemporary art ( massmoca ) may be just a red-brick castle in the western new england sky , but locals hope the grand [action] will one day bring prosperity to this economically depressed mill town .

Funding for both of these has been provided by the borough council , drawing on the government 's ‘ Regional Challenge Initiative ’ under which Walsall is one of twelve boroughs in the country to receive funding for urban renewal .
funding for both of these has been provided by the borough council , drawing on the government 's ‘ regional challenge [action] ’ under which walsall is one of twelve boroughs in the country to receive funding for urban renewal .

This chapter is the combined effort of all those involved in the Ageing Initiative project , ‘ Employment and Ageing : the older worker , and the impact of elderly relatives in the household ’ at the University of Surrey .
this chapter is the combined effort of all those involved in the ageing [action] project , ‘ employment and ageing : the older worker , and the impact of elderly relatives in the household ’ at the university of surrey .

Now that was n't due to me but was John Sainsbury 's initiative on behalf of his family .
now that was n't due to me but was john sainsbury 's [action] on behalf of his family .

The initiative has come from the order of Irish Dominican monks who live at San Clemente , and particularly from Father Leonard Boyle , prefect of the Vatican Library and former member of the community .
the [action] has come from the order of irish dominican monks who live at san clemente , and particularly from father leonard boyle , prefect of the vatican library and former member of the community .

Her work was included in a recent initiative in Los Angeles , where local galleries invited dealers from other countries to mount exhibitions of their artists , and Matthew Flowers took a selection of paintings to Salander O'Reilly .
her work was included in a recent [action] in los angeles , where local galleries invited dealers from other countries to mount exhibitions of their artists , and matthew flowers took a selection of paintings to salander o'reilly .

The initiative of a generous group of dealers and collectors backed up by Christie 's will enable an important book to appear later this year .
the [action] of a generous group of dealers and collectors backed up by christie 's will enable an important book to appear later this year .

Initiative by new gallery to sell contemporary Dutch art abroad
[action] by new gallery to sell contemporary dutch art abroad

They were positively received in the parliaments of the six states that were to take the initiative in integration in the following decade .
they were positively received in the parliaments of the six states that were to take the [action] in integration in the following decade .

Perhaps the first significant initiative came from France , although the Dutch politician , Sicco Mansholt , had already drafted a plan for agricultural free trade that would benefit Western Europe as a whole , but especially the cost-effective Netherlands agricultural industry .
perhaps the first significant [action] came from france , although the dutch politician , sicco mansholt , had already drafted a plan for agricultural free trade that would benefit western europe as a whole , but especially the cost-effective netherlands agricultural industry .

Sweden tried to take the first initiative only two days after the ending of the Maudling negotiations , inviting other states to send representatives to Stockholm to discuss how their trade policies might be better coordinated .
sweden tried to take the first [action] only two days after the ending of the maudling negotiations , inviting other states to send representatives to stockholm to discuss how their trade policies might be better coordinated .

However , do n't be afraid to use your own initiative and approach individual firms and organisations .
however , do n't be afraid to use your own [action] and approach individual firms and organisations .

The initiative is supported by funding from the government 's Department of Trade and Industry , and the Science and Engineering Research Council .
the [action] is supported by funding from the government 's department of trade and industry , and the science and engineering research council .

How can the social encounter best be described and managed by the teacher ? Classroom Interaction stimulates teachers to explore the implications of the subject and , as a result , to understand and guide their learners ' initiative to greater effect .
how can the social encounter best be described and managed by the teacher ? classroom interaction stimulates teachers to explore the implications of the subject and , as a result , to understand and guide their learners ' [action] to greater effect .

To begin with Quakerism , Friends taking the initiative against the slave trade in the 1780s drew on the colonial American Quakers Benezet and Woolman .
to begin with quakerism , friends taking the [action] against the slave trade in the 1780s drew on the colonial american quakers benezet and woolman .

The reality was that provincial reformers generally took the ideological initiative away from London on this important point .
the reality was that provincial reformers generally took the ideological [action] away from london on this important point .

At the height of abolitionist and emancipationist campaigns this involved a mutually reinforcing relationship between ‘ agitation ’ and ‘ influence ’ , popular mobilisation and political manoeuvre , an extra-parliamentary movement and parliamentary initiative and tactics .
at the height of abolitionist and emancipationist campaigns this involved a mutually reinforcing relationship between ‘ agitation ’ and ‘ influence ’ , popular mobilisation and political manoeuvre , an extra-parliamentary movement and parliamentary [action] and tactics .

It constituted an even clearer expression of provincial mobilisation and disregard for parliamentary initiative and manoeuvre than 1833 .
it constituted an even clearer expression of provincial mobilisation and disregard for parliamentary [action] and manoeuvre than 1833 .

By that decade different religious and social elements had become prominent in antislavery from those who had taken the initiative in earlier years .
by that decade different religious and social elements had become prominent in antislavery from those who had taken the [action] in earlier years .

Clarkson had pre-dated Wilberforce in organised work against the slave trade and had taken the initiative , it was generally agreed , in raising the issue with him .
clarkson had pre-dated wilberforce in organised work against the slave trade and had taken the [action] , it was generally agreed , in raising the issue with him .

The initiative in theology in the closing years of Troeltsch 's life was already passing to those who held that it was not , and that the whole direction of thought which could be seen as culminating in him needed to be put into reverse .
the [action] in theology in the closing years of troeltsch 's life was already passing to those who held that it was not , and that the whole direction of thought which could be seen as culminating in him needed to be put into reverse .

That could only prevent the sheer miracle of grace from standing as it must on its own as God 's free and loving initiative and movement towards us .
that could only prevent the sheer miracle of grace from standing as it must on its own as god 's free and loving [action] and movement towards us .

This is yet another area where the hobbyist can use his own initiative .
this is yet another area where the hobbyist can use his own [action] .

Again the emphasis was upon local initiative .
again the emphasis was upon local [action] .

As we have seen , the move towards a more considered view of the curriculum was hastened by the initiative of central Government , responding to a widely held disenchantment with educational performance .
as we have seen , the move towards a more considered view of the curriculum was hastened by the [action] of central government , responding to a widely held disenchantment with educational performance .

This initiative owes much to Belle Tutaev who , while pioneering for an expansion of state-financed nursery education , suggested that mothers might like to establish their own ‘ playgroups ’ .
this [action] owes much to belle tutaev who , while pioneering for an expansion of state-financed nursery education , suggested that mothers might like to establish their own ‘ playgroups ’ .

However one views these initiatives ( whether they stem from local or central government ) they are covertly political — to ensure that schools broadly reflect parental wishes ( for parents , being instinctively conservative in matters educational , provide the most effective brake on radical local initiative ) or to give public credibility to the educational programme of a particular local authority ( ‘ We , the elected councillors , have discussed this with parents and … ’ )
however one views these initiatives ( whether they stem from local or central government ) they are covertly political — to ensure that schools broadly reflect parental wishes ( for parents , being instinctively conservative in matters educational , provide the most effective brake on radical local [action] ) or to give public credibility to the educational programme of a particular local authority ( ‘ we , the elected councillors , have discussed this with parents and … ’ )

It is non-reciprocal in that the two parties are never equivalent ; one is the interviewer who has the initiative , the other is the interviewee .
it is non-reciprocal in that the two parties are never equivalent ; one is the interviewer who has the [action] , the other is the interviewee .

He was a black man raised in poverty , but who used his initiative , wit and boxing skill to rise to prominence , command multi-million dollar pay days and criticize the ‘ man and the system ’ which ensured him such monies !
he was a black man raised in poverty , but who used his [action] , wit and boxing skill to rise to prominence , command multi-million dollar pay days and criticize the ‘ man and the system ’ which ensured him such monies !

The contrast between work experience schemes and informal work experience lies in the fact that the latter is taken by employers as evidence of initiative , an interest in earning money and the ability to sustain regular work discipline ( getting up early , etc . )
the contrast between work experience schemes and informal work experience lies in the fact that the latter is taken by employers as evidence of [action] , an interest in earning money and the ability to sustain regular work discipline ( getting up early , etc . )

the implicit assumption that girls ' capacities for efficiency and initiative will be channelled into nurturant or subordinate occupations , rather than into other , less traditional , spheres . ( 1981 , pp. 30–31 )
the implicit assumption that girls ' capacities for efficiency and [action] will be channelled into nurturant or subordinate occupations , rather than into other , less traditional , spheres . ( 1981 , pp. 30–31 )

The Technical and Vocational Educational Initiative , a nationally funded , vocationally oriented programme , has been able to incorporate some anti-sexist aspects as part of its normal aims and activities , even if the implementation of these aims is limited .
the technical and vocational educational [action] , a nationally funded , vocationally oriented programme , has been able to incorporate some anti-sexist aspects as part of its normal aims and activities , even if the implementation of these aims is limited .

In Britain once employers ' federations had been established , albeit often in response to trade union expansion and activity , they then proceeded to assume the initiative by redesigning the existing system of industrial relations to their own wishes .
in britain once employers ' federations had been established , albeit often in response to trade union expansion and activity , they then proceeded to assume the [action] by redesigning the existing system of industrial relations to their own wishes .

The most important development in English ecclesiastical architecture , however , during the post-Restoration period came about not through any new religious initiative , but as a result of the ever-present danger of fire .
the most important development in english ecclesiastical architecture , however , during the post-restoration period came about not through any new religious [action] , but as a result of the ever-present danger of fire .

The artistic initiative in cinema was about to shift to Europe .
the artistic [action] in cinema was about to shift to europe .

The steady growth of the grip of family members on so many walks of life had a stifling effect on initiative , which had hardly been encouraged before 1965 .
the steady growth of the grip of family members on so many walks of life had a stifling effect on [action] , which had hardly been encouraged before 1965 .

The very success of such people was an affront to Ceauşescu 's ‘ golden dream of communism ’ , which left no place for individual initiative .
the very success of such people was an affront to ceauşescu 's ‘ golden dream of communism ’ , which left no place for individual [action] .

Instead , each person had ‘ full freedom of initiative in implementing the plan ’ and it was unacceptable to give ‘ everyone the right to spend money as he likes .
instead , each person had ‘ full freedom of [action] in implementing the plan ’ and it was unacceptable to give ‘ everyone the right to spend money as he likes .

The education package for schools announced by the Minister of State for Consumer Affairs in March 1980 is a particularly welcome initiative , directed as it is to those who are likely to leave school soon .
the education package for schools announced by the minister of state for consumer affairs in march 1980 is a particularly welcome [action] , directed as it is to those who are likely to leave school soon .

These courses are a very important initiative not just for this diocese but for the whole country at a time when we need to find new ways of helping lay people and priests to work together in furthering the mission of the church .
these courses are a very important [action] not just for this diocese but for the whole country at a time when we need to find new ways of helping lay people and priests to work together in furthering the mission of the church .

Examine any relationship you have experienced ; you may be confident that the initiative was taken by one party rather than the other , but was it ?
examine any relationship you have experienced ; you may be confident that the [action] was taken by one party rather than the other , but was it ?

From Chapter 23 ) Such bonds may build up before either party is fully aware of the connection , for they can be formed through a process of initiative and response at a very deep level .
from chapter 23 ) such bonds may build up before either party is fully aware of the connection , for they can be formed through a process of [action] and response at a very deep level .

The party was established by the 1900 delegate conference dominated numerically by trade unionists , but the initiative and motive force behind the resolution was a socialist one accepted only hesitatingly by the tradition of radical Liberalism belatedly recognising the need for state action to preserve and promote trade union advances .
the party was established by the 1900 delegate conference dominated numerically by trade unionists , but the [action] and motive force behind the resolution was a socialist one accepted only hesitatingly by the tradition of radical liberalism belatedly recognising the need for state action to preserve and promote trade union advances .

Following a ‘ very vigorous conference ’ at the initiative of the guild and the society on the need for day nurseries , a campaign was launched .
following a ‘ very vigorous conference ’ at the [action] of the guild and the society on the need for day nurseries , a campaign was launched .

Such complacency allowed the Alliance to take the initiative temporarily .
such complacency allowed the alliance to take the [action] temporarily .

The Open Graphics Initiative launched by Sun Microsystems Inc more than a year ago to provide an interoperable interface between graphics applications and hardware in the Sparc-compatible market , has published its first complete set of foundation libraries for developers .
the open graphics [action] launched by sun microsystems inc more than a year ago to provide an interoperable interface between graphics applications and hardware in the sparc-compatible market , has published its first complete set of foundation libraries for developers .

The ancestors rarely act on their own initiative : generally these avenging angels of justice are invoked by the local elder .
the ancestors rarely act on their own [action] : generally these avenging angels of justice are invoked by the local elder .

This initiative was taken in Trieste in 1973 , when all patients who had undergone ‘ ergotherapy ’ in the hospital combined together as a co-operative to carry out cooking , ward work , cleaning and maintenance tasks .
this [action] was taken in trieste in 1973 , when all patients who had undergone ‘ ergotherapy ’ in the hospital combined together as a co-operative to carry out cooking , ward work , cleaning and maintenance tasks .

In 1976 central government did take an initiative to try to influence local policy-making in favour of the long-stay dependent groups .
in 1976 central government did take an [action] to try to influence local policy-making in favour of the long-stay dependent groups .

The Care in the Community initiative in 1981 attempted to force the pace .
the care in the community [action] in 1981 attempted to force the pace .

An interesting early example of the attempt to empower consumers and strengthen the role of the private sector was the 1975 initiative of Kent County Council to test the viability of a voucher scheme for school places .
an interesting early example of the attempt to empower consumers and strengthen the role of the private sector was the 1975 [action] of kent county council to test the viability of a voucher scheme for school places .

This was a centre initiative taken through a controlled authority .
this was a centre [action] taken through a controlled authority .

From the point of view of cost-effectiveness and efficiency , it would have been surprising had the new Victoria Authority not taken an initiative .
from the point of view of cost-effectiveness and efficiency , it would have been surprising had the new victoria authority not taken an [action] .

For all the initiative , corporateness , political enthusiasm and managerial opportunism of planning for closure , it did not appear to bring in any noteworthy innovation .
for all the [action] , corporateness , political enthusiasm and managerial opportunism of planning for closure , it did not appear to bring in any noteworthy innovation .

When looking at the local underbelly of the centre initiative at Powick , it was seen that the provision of more than one psychiatric hospital within a district , after 1982 , meant certain death for one or other institution .
when looking at the local underbelly of the centre [action] at powick , it was seen that the provision of more than one psychiatric hospital within a district , after 1982 , meant certain death for one or other institution .

The winning school tennis team , for example , will be taken to the All England Club to see the Wimbledon Museum , followed by a coaching session with Cox , former British No. 1 and currently Director for the Rover Junior Tennis Initiative , and Hutchins , the former National Team Manager and Davis Cup Captain .
the winning school tennis team , for example , will be taken to the all england club to see the wimbledon museum , followed by a coaching session with cox , former british no. 1 and currently director for the rover junior tennis [action] , and hutchins , the former national team manager and davis cup captain .

The initiative is also supported by Wilson Sporting goods who will supply Staff Coaches to give advice at regional Centres , not to mention the Wilson Radar Gun , which will be available at each tournament to enable competitors to measure the speed of their serves .
the [action] is also supported by wilson sporting goods who will supply staff coaches to give advice at regional centres , not to mention the wilson radar gun , which will be available at each tournament to enable competitors to measure the speed of their serves .

The Prince 's Trust is soon to launch a pioneering initiative which will eventually involve large numbers of Britain 's young people in voluntary work .
the prince 's trust is soon to launch a pioneering [action] which will eventually involve large numbers of britain 's young people in voluntary work .

Probably aged 35 to 55 , the first Director of the new initiative will co-ordinate , manage and inspire the establishment of the new venture .
probably aged 35 to 55 , the first director of the new [action] will co-ordinate , manage and inspire the establishment of the new venture .

Whilst there is no formal age limit for this post , in accordance with the initiative to bring young staff into the profession , it is likely that preference will generally be given to staff at an early stage in their career .
whilst there is no formal age limit for this post , in accordance with the [action] to bring young staff into the profession , it is likely that preference will generally be given to staff at an early stage in their career .

Self motivation , initiative , excellent written and verbal communication skills and attention to detail will , however , be vital .
self motivation , [action] , excellent written and verbal communication skills and attention to detail will , however , be vital .

The successful applicant will be able to use their own initiative , have good communication skills and previous knowledge of energy/atmosphere issues .
the successful applicant will be able to use their own [action] , have good communication skills and previous knowledge of energy/atmosphere issues .

Able to work with initiative and minimum supervision you should be a graduate with a high level of communication skills , several years ' experience in water resources and previous experience in dealing with engineering/environmental consultants on water related projects .
able to work with [action] and minimum supervision you should be a graduate with a high level of communication skills , several years ' experience in water resources and previous experience in dealing with engineering/environmental consultants on water related projects .

However , in the mid eighties an amazing transformation began starting with an initiative led by the Worth Valley Railway and developed by affiliated groups , namely the Vintage Carriages Trust and the Bahamas Locomotive Society .
however , in the mid eighties an amazing transformation began starting with an [action] led by the worth valley railway and developed by affiliated groups , namely the vintage carriages trust and the bahamas locomotive society .

This shows failure to provide an environment conducive to normal growth , where initiative and independence will develop .
this shows failure to provide an environment conducive to normal growth , where [action] and independence will develop .

Then the first human vessels were sighted , following the initiative of the Seraph Kajsa .
then the first human vessels were sighted , following the [action] of the seraph kajsa .

It was also apparent just how well the Rover Tennis Initiative is working .
it was also apparent just how well the rover tennis [action] is working .

Sally Gie , also a member of the Rover Tennis Initiative and the top seed , was surprised by the powerful hitting of Susie Durham in the second round , but took full advantage of her second chance with gutsy performances against Rebecca Foster , Jheni Osman and Claire Lyte in a ruthless performance in the final .
sally gie , also a member of the rover tennis [action] and the top seed , was surprised by the powerful hitting of susie durham in the second round , but took full advantage of her second chance with gutsy performances against rebecca foster , jheni osman and claire lyte in a ruthless performance in the final .

It is this popularity which has prompted the management to look at the possibility of introducing these fit bodies to the joys of tennis , by offering complimentary tennis tuition , a worthy initiative and one which can only enhance the game in the club and its surrounding area . If mum takes up the game again , then why not her children in future years ? Why not indeed ?
it is this popularity which has prompted the management to look at the possibility of introducing these fit bodies to the joys of tennis , by offering complimentary tennis tuition , a worthy [action] and one which can only enhance the game in the club and its surrounding area . if mum takes up the game again , then why not her children in future years ? why not indeed ?

Perhaps it 's no wonder the Club recently won the prestigious Operating Initiative Award , run by Leisure Week magazine .
perhaps it 's no wonder the club recently won the prestigious operating [action] award , run by leisure week magazine .

This places the dog at a disadvantage , and you can then regain the initiative and assert your dominance .
this places the dog at a disadvantage , and you can then regain the [action] and assert your dominance .

For the present , anyway , the initiative must lie with Berowne .
for the present , anyway , the [action] must lie with berowne .

Sometimes the Scouts took the initiative , and in extremis Sergeant Juron herded his squad hastily .
sometimes the scouts took the [action] , and in extremis sergeant juron herded his squad hastily .

The only way to prevent further developments would be a global totalitarian state that suppressed anything new , and human initiative and ingenuity are such that even this would n't succeed .
the only way to prevent further developments would be a global totalitarian state that suppressed anything new , and human [action] and ingenuity are such that even this would n't succeed .

If the new arrangements are adequately funded and properly implemented , they will comprise the first major government initiative to foster care at home rather than in institutions .
if the new arrangements are adequately funded and properly implemented , they will comprise the first major government [action] to foster care at home rather than in institutions .

Such an initiative might also attract investment capital from building societies and other lenders and thus assist Regional Health Authorities with their cash-flows .
such an [action] might also attract investment capital from building societies and other lenders and thus assist regional health authorities with their cash-flows .

Once such has recently been copied from a well-known initiative in New York whereby the rehabilitation organization guarantees to the employer that an identified job will be done satisfactorily .
once such has recently been copied from a well-known [action] in new york whereby the rehabilitation organization guarantees to the employer that an identified job will be done satisfactorily .

Moreover , the sub-contractor will probably develop the ability to work on his own initiative and will ensure that management is positive , forward thinking and alert .
moreover , the sub-contractor will probably develop the ability to work on his own [action] and will ensure that management is positive , forward thinking and alert .

The land speculator operates in two different ways , either using entrepreneurial initiative , negotiating time and ability but relatively little capital ; or by investing on a long-term basis with the ultimate possibility of substantial capital growth .
the land speculator operates in two different ways , either using entrepreneurial [action] , negotiating time and ability but relatively little capital ; or by investing on a long-term basis with the ultimate possibility of substantial capital growth .

In the first case the speculator with entrepreneurial initiative may identify land with numerous problems hindering development , and attempt to resolve these by negotiation .
in the first case the speculator with entrepreneurial [action] may identify land with numerous problems hindering development , and attempt to resolve these by negotiation .

We have lost the initiative and allowed our opponents to dictate the subject — even the rules — of the debate .
we have lost the [action] and allowed our opponents to dictate the subject — even the rules — of the debate .

In fact , more often than not the fieldworker took the initiative in this matter ; investigators who build up long-term relationships with communities frequently hear and record material which they would prefer to remain ignorant about .
in fact , more often than not the fieldworker took the [action] in this matter ; investigators who build up long-term relationships with communities frequently hear and record material which they would prefer to remain ignorant about .

Private members ' bills offer a major opportunity for backbench initiative .
private members ' bills offer a major opportunity for backbench [action] .

Spurred on by their Lordships ' initiative the Commons spent a whole day discussing television in November 1985 .
spurred on by their lordships ' [action] the commons spent a whole day discussing television in november 1985 .

If ministers behave improperly in failing to inform Parliament , should a civil servant take the initiative and attempt to repair the omission ?
if ministers behave improperly in failing to inform parliament , should a civil servant take the [action] and attempt to repair the omission ?

Third , high social service expenditure has resulted in high taxation rates which , in turn , have undermined both work incentives and business initiative and fuelled inflation .
third , high social service expenditure has resulted in high taxation rates which , in turn , have undermined both work incentives and business [action] and fuelled inflation .

’ He referred to the political reforms introduced by the Treasury in other Departments and to the Financial Management Initiative .
’ he referred to the political reforms introduced by the treasury in other departments and to the financial management [action] .

Bob Geldof 's initiative resulted in the biggest ever sum of money being wrung out of the haves on behalf of the have-nots ; in itself and in isolation an admirable achievement .
bob geldof 's [action] resulted in the biggest ever sum of money being wrung out of the haves on behalf of the have-nots ; in itself and in isolation an admirable achievement .

The failure of this initiative set the firm back somewhat and it may find it difficult to recover .
the failure of this [action] set the firm back somewhat and it may find it difficult to recover .

Thus the breakaway group , organizing its own exhibition , was an obvious initiative .
thus the breakaway group , organizing its own exhibition , was an obvious [action] .

Although the disability movement has taken the initiative in articulating this shift , it is a shift which is affecting all sides of the disability issue .
although the disability movement has taken the [action] in articulating this shift , it is a shift which is affecting all sides of the disability issue .

However , as much as we have gained the initiative , there are still problems which face the disability arts movement and which need to be unravelled .
however , as much as we have gained the [action] , there are still problems which face the disability arts movement and which need to be unravelled .

Nevertheless , negative planning controls and the positive inducements of regional policy leave the basic initiative about locational decisions with the company .
nevertheless , negative planning controls and the positive inducements of regional policy leave the basic [action] about locational decisions with the company .

In contrast , the contract theory sees the company as the result of a purely private initiative .
in contrast , the contract theory sees the company as the result of a purely private [action] .

It is widely accepted that attempts to apply the concession theory in modern conditions are inapposite : there is no longer any ‘ privilege ’ involved in obtaining corporate status and the source of companies ' ’ economic energy ’ undoubtedly lies in individual initiative and not in the state .
it is widely accepted that attempts to apply the concession theory in modern conditions are inapposite : there is no longer any ‘ privilege ’ involved in obtaining corporate status and the source of companies ' ’ economic energy ’ undoubtedly lies in individual [action] and not in the state .

She realised that she would have to take the initiative , or she 'd be sitting there forever .
she realised that she would have to take the [action] , or she 'd be sitting there forever .

Later , Jacqui met her kiss for kiss in their lovemaking ; even taking the initiative as they drank of each other 's bodies .
later , jacqui met her kiss for kiss in their lovemaking ; even taking the [action] as they drank of each other 's bodies .

There was never any need for her to take the initiative or inveigle him into bed .
there was never any need for her to take the [action] or inveigle him into bed .

This initiative is perhaps most needed in those very small congregations where there are few musical resources , and where the inability to maintain the ‘ traditional ’ style of music has led to near-despair .
this [action] is perhaps most needed in those very small congregations where there are few musical resources , and where the inability to maintain the ‘ traditional ’ style of music has led to near-despair .

Where these break down , clergy should take the initiative for their restoration and the resolution of conflict .
where these break down , clergy should take the [action] for their restoration and the resolution of conflict .

That a scheme for training church musicians be devised , suitable for students before and during employment , and for both professionals and amateurs , and that the Churches ' Initiative for Music Education give consideration to this ( 619–627 ) .
that a scheme for training church musicians be devised , suitable for students before and during employment , and for both professionals and amateurs , and that the churches ' [action] for music education give consideration to this ( 619–627 ) .

Essay-writing is an exception , however ; generally physics students , spending about 25 hours a week in lectures , tutorials and labs , have much less time than humanities students to work on their own initiative .
essay-writing is an exception , however ; generally physics students , spending about 25 hours a week in lectures , tutorials and labs , have much less time than humanities students to work on their own [action] .

Fortunately the Governor seized the initiative and the same day called on Nu to take over as prime Minister .
fortunately the governor seized the [action] and the same day called on nu to take over as prime minister .

By November the initiative had passed to Nu 's government , and the next two years saw the rebellion reduced to the scale of Jungle resistance .
by november the [action] had passed to nu 's government , and the next two years saw the rebellion reduced to the scale of jungle resistance .

This was not surprising as by now instructions had been received from the Allies prohibiting any further Japanese initiative .
this was not surprising as by now instructions had been received from the allies prohibiting any further japanese [action] .

On his own initiative Alexander went to the mutineers ’ barracks and persuaded them to lay down their arms .
on his own [action] alexander went to the mutineers ’ barracks and persuaded them to lay down their arms .

The fourth way in which the underclass is immobilized at the bottom of our society has been through the spread of means-tested assistance , which has a devastating effect on the initiative of people on low incomes .
the fourth way in which the underclass is immobilized at the bottom of our society has been through the spread of means-tested assistance , which has a devastating effect on the [action] of people on low incomes .

The second initiative that should be taken by central government is to shape its purchasing policy so that government contracts are increasingly placed in areas of high unemployment .
the second [action] that should be taken by central government is to shape its purchasing policy so that government contracts are increasingly placed in areas of high unemployment .

But if the labour movement is to take advantage of this Thatcher initiative , it first has to rediscover its roots .
but if the labour movement is to take advantage of this thatcher [action] , it first has to rediscover its roots .

What the Government 's proposals offer is not only the chance to seize the initiative from Mrs Thatcher on this front , but to begin to think carefully about what is meant regarding the devolution of power .
what the government 's proposals offer is not only the chance to seize the [action] from mrs thatcher on this front , but to begin to think carefully about what is meant regarding the devolution of power .

Responding to Mrs Thatcher 's initiative is one way in which radicals build up over time an alternative election programme .
responding to mrs thatcher 's [action] is one way in which radicals build up over time an alternative election programme .

These changes aimed at encouraging personal involvement and initiative need to be reinforced by a major overhaul and recasting of the welfare state .
these changes aimed at encouraging personal involvement and [action] need to be reinforced by a major overhaul and recasting of the welfare state .

Here we are concerned with a form of corporate provision that can also be used to provide at one and the same time a safety net and a reward for initiative .
here we are concerned with a form of corporate provision that can also be used to provide at one and the same time a safety net and a reward for [action] .

This has been achieved , but at the cost of stifling personal initiative .
this has been achieved , but at the cost of stifling personal [action] .

Tax and welfare policies are important , and proposals on these two fronts have already been outlined , but these should supplement an initiative on pay , rather than be a substitute for it .
tax and welfare policies are important , and proposals on these two fronts have already been outlined , but these should supplement an [action] on pay , rather than be a substitute for it .

The second , and continuing change initiative at Ford was the two-pronged Employee Involvement , Participative Management campaign , imported from the American mother company .
the second , and continuing change [action] at ford was the two-pronged employee involvement , participative management campaign , imported from the american mother company .

While Clegg holds back from suggesting that structure is socio-culturally determined , it is worth considering firstly whether the type of initiative described by Buchanan will be limited by the absence of the factors Clegg describes as contributing to Japan 's ‘ post modernity ’ .
while clegg holds back from suggesting that structure is socio-culturally determined , it is worth considering firstly whether the type of [action] described by buchanan will be limited by the absence of the factors clegg describes as contributing to japan 's ‘ post modernity ’ .

Leadership is reliable and predictable ( although initiative can come from any member ) .
leadership is reliable and predictable ( although [action] can come from any member ) .

But increased competition , and the knowledge that the product was soon to become obsolete , led the Group Manager of Storage Systems in 1981 to the conclusion that , ‘ We needed to take the initiative .
but increased competition , and the knowledge that the product was soon to become obsolete , led the group manager of storage systems in 1981 to the conclusion that , ‘ we needed to take the [action] .

They wanted employees to be able to deal with manufacturing problems on their own initiative , without management intervention .
they wanted employees to be able to deal with manufacturing problems on their own [action] , without management intervention .

With respect to strategy Japanese enterprise groups tend not to adopt the conglomerate model which is more common to large firms in the United States or Britain as the locus of their strategic initiative , preferring instead the keiretsu form .
with respect to strategy japanese enterprise groups tend not to adopt the conglomerate model which is more common to large firms in the united states or britain as the locus of their strategic [action] , preferring instead the keiretsu form .

An initiative came from above .
an [action] came from above .

The objectives of each initiative should be clearly described , along with information on what has been achieved to date , and what is planned to be achieved .
the objectives of each [action] should be clearly described , along with information on what has been achieved to date , and what is planned to be achieved .

The Financial Management initiative
the financial management [action]

The aim of the financial management initiative is to promote in each department an organization and system in which managers at all levels have : ( a ) a clear view of their objectives and means to assess and , wherever possible , measure outputs or performance in relation to their objectives ; ( b ) well-defined responsibility for making the best use of resources , including a critical scrutiny of output and value for money ; and ( c ) the information ( particularly about costs ) , the training and the access to expert advice that they need to exercise their responsibilities effectively .
the aim of the financial management [action] is to promote in each department an organization and system in which managers at all levels have : ( a ) a clear view of their objectives and means to assess and , wherever possible , measure outputs or performance in relation to their objectives ; ( b ) well-defined responsibility for making the best use of resources , including a critical scrutiny of output and value for money ; and ( c ) the information ( particularly about costs ) , the training and the access to expert advice that they need to exercise their responsibilities effectively .

These three principles were originally spelt out in the working document with which this initiative was launched ( reproduced in Cmnd .
these three principles were originally spelt out in the working document with which this [action] was launched ( reproduced in cmnd .

The Next Steps initiative
the next steps [action]

The Next Steps initiative was recommended by the Efficiency Unit in its report , Improving Management in Government : The Next Steps Agencies ( Cm .
the next steps [action] was recommended by the efficiency unit in its report , improving management in government : the next steps agencies ( cm .

1761 — The Next Steps Initiative ) there were 56 agencies plus 30 executive units in the Customs and Excise .
1761 — the next steps [action] ) there were 56 agencies plus 30 executive units in the customs and excise .

In a review by the Next Steps project manager ( Kemp , 1990 , p. 26 ) three beneficiaries of this initiative were identified :
in a review by the next steps project manager ( kemp , 1990 , p. 26 ) three beneficiaries of this [action] were identified :

In the early days of this initiative there are examples of improved service to customers .
in the early days of this [action] there are examples of improved service to customers .

Despite obvious successes Kemp ( 1990 , p. 27 ) does note that many staff have been fearful of the Next Steps initiative :
despite obvious successes kemp ( 1990 , p. 27 ) does note that many staff have been fearful of the next steps [action] :

Now we have the Next Steps initiative and the Citizen 's Charter Unit .
now we have the next steps [action] and the citizen 's charter unit .

Mr William Waldergrave , the minister in charge of this initiative , faces questions from MPs every three weeks .
mr william waldergrave , the minister in charge of this [action] , faces questions from mps every three weeks .

They take the initiative , come up with technological and organizational innovations , devise new solutions to old problems .
they take the [action] , come up with technological and organizational innovations , devise new solutions to old problems .

However severe the victimization or inequality of potential pay , they give no thought to having a lottery to determine positions on the coal face [ thc Durham tradition — of cavilling ] ; however their labor may be divided , they have little impulse to regulate production collectively or coordinate themselves in work groups to forestall management initiative .
however severe the victimization or inequality of potential pay , they give no thought to having a lottery to determine positions on the coal face [ thc durham tradition — of cavilling ] ; however their labor may be divided , they have little impulse to regulate production collectively or coordinate themselves in work groups to forestall management [action] .

The latter is a widespread contemporary attitude among those known as members of the ‘ New Right ’ , which condemns the ‘ culture of dependency ’ that they believe the welfare state engenders and instead favours a market economy in which initiative is rewarded .
the latter is a widespread contemporary attitude among those known as members of the ‘ new right ’ , which condemns the ‘ culture of dependency ’ that they believe the welfare state engenders and instead favours a market economy in which [action] is rewarded .

‘ You ought to be tactful and you have got to have initiative , because at times you have got to make decisions .
‘ you ought to be tactful and you have got to have [action] , because at times you have got to make decisions .

So you 've got to take the initiative and be firm where you need to be with a company or with a farmer … and consider his needs , if they be economical , impracticable .
so you 've got to take the [action] and be firm where you need to be with a company or with a farmer … and consider his needs , if they be economical , impracticable .

‘ you were allowed to work on your own initiative .
‘ you were allowed to work on your own [action] .

The job , accordingly , is one in which qualities of initiative and the ability to make decisions on the spot are prized — just as a policeman must be able to ‘ handle a situation ’ ( Wilson , 1968:31 ) .
the job , accordingly , is one in which qualities of [action] and the ability to make decisions on the spot are prized — just as a policeman must be able to ‘ handle a situation ’ ( wilson , 1968:31 ) .

… You 're working … within very tight guidelines in trade effluent , whereas a lot of this is your own initiative and there 's that much more flexibility .
… you 're working … within very tight guidelines in trade effluent , whereas a lot of this is your own [action] and there 's that much more flexibility .

Competence is a many-sided quality which reaches beyond those virtues of initiative and on-the-spot decision-making ability which are normally expected of field staff .
competence is a many-sided quality which reaches beyond those virtues of [action] and on-the-spot decision-making ability which are normally expected of field staff .

Unlike the other activities which we describe in this section , there was no outsider initiative , input or audience in relation to the efforts of this school 's staff .
unlike the other activities which we describe in this section , there was no outsider [action] , input or audience in relation to the efforts of this school 's staff .

According to this any theoretical statement , or political initiative , is supposed to tackle racism as a whole , all at once , and once and for all .
according to this any theoretical statement , or political [action] , is supposed to tackle racism as a whole , all at once , and once and for all .

Remarkably little initiative to improve their lot seems to have emerged from the sailors themselves .
remarkably little [action] to improve their lot seems to have emerged from the sailors themselves .

Wilson 's initiative was rejected .
wilson 's [action] was rejected .

Meanwhile the inter-departmental Mercantile Marine Conciliation Committee , which had originally recommended the 1 August Ministry of Shipping initiative , but on which neither the owners nor the union were represented , attempted to keep the peace by bi-lateral negotiation with the two sides and with the independent local Liverpool Shipowners .
meanwhile the inter-departmental mercantile marine conciliation committee , which had originally recommended the 1 august ministry of shipping [action] , but on which neither the owners nor the union were represented , attempted to keep the peace by bi-lateral negotiation with the two sides and with the independent local liverpool shipowners .

Yet the allied policy arrived at on Stevenson 's and Churchill 's initiative was the same in respect of all these groups , even including the Croat Ustachi .
yet the allied policy arrived at on stevenson 's and churchill 's [action] was the same in respect of all these groups , even including the croat ustachi .

The second point to be remembered is that introducing a quotation into your essay needs to be done with care . It is not enough to begin every quotation with " Taylor says … " or " Thomson writes … " or when memory and initiative fall " some historians say …
the second point to be remembered is that introducing a quotation into your essay needs to be done with care . it is not enough to begin every quotation with " taylor says … " or " thomson writes … " or when memory and [action] fall " some historians say …

It was the result of a complex intermixture of state enterprise , private initiative , ‘ geopolitical ’ imperatives , the urge to find ‘ natural ’ frontiers , serendipity and sheer adventurism .
it was the result of a complex intermixture of state enterprise , private [action] , ‘ geopolitical ’ imperatives , the urge to find ‘ natural ’ frontiers , serendipity and sheer adventurism .

There was a close relationship between state and private initiative .
there was a close relationship between state and private [action] .

The Community Mothers initiative was developed in the Eastern Health Board because Public Health Nurses were not in a position to expand the work due to the demands of their caseloads .
the community mothers [action] was developed in the eastern health board because public health nurses were not in a position to expand the work due to the demands of their caseloads .

They joined the National Literacy Campaign , an enormously successful initiative , which achieved a dramatic increase in literacy rates .
they joined the national literacy campaign , an enormously successful [action] , which achieved a dramatic increase in literacy rates .

Thus successful business executives who have achieved their position through their own initiative , ability and ambition , and run efficient and productive businesses , will receive high rewards .
thus successful business executives who have achieved their position through their own [action] , ability and ambition , and run efficient and productive businesses , will receive high rewards .

According to Braverman , clerical workers in 1870 had many similarities to manual craft workers ; both had wide ranging responsibilities and had plenty of opportunity to use their initiative and develop their skills .
according to braverman , clerical workers in 1870 had many similarities to manual craft workers ; both had wide ranging responsibilities and had plenty of opportunity to use their [action] and develop their skills .

Clerical workers lost the opportunity to use their initiative and instead their work became highly regulated .
clerical workers lost the opportunity to use their [action] and instead their work became highly regulated .

On the basis of their own study they claim that many managerial and administrative jobs have become increasingly routine and require little use of initiative .
on the basis of their own study they claim that many managerial and administrative jobs have become increasingly routine and require little use of [action] .

91 % of their sample of clerical workers did not exercise any control over how they worked , they simply followed a set of routines without using their initiative .
91 % of their sample of clerical workers did not exercise any control over how they worked , they simply followed a set of routines without using their [action] .

The initiative passed to Athens .
the [action] passed to athens .

‘ Liberation ’ meant taking the initiative , breaking up the Athenian Empire .
‘ liberation ’ meant taking the [action] , breaking up the athenian empire .

Nor was the agoge , or rigid training system , a good way for generals , or anybody else , to learn initiative ; great Spartan successes like the first battle of Mantinea ( 41 8 ) are put down to Spartan gnome , ‘ resolution ’ , almost ‘ guts ’ — rather than leadership .
nor was the agoge , or rigid training system , a good way for generals , or anybody else , to learn [action] ; great spartan successes like the first battle of mantinea ( 41 8 ) are put down to spartan gnome , ‘ resolution ’ , almost ‘ guts ’ — rather than leadership .

But often a general must have been left to his initiative .
but often a general must have been left to his [action] .

The other part of the explanation for the initiative tacitly granted to generals is the need for confidentiality and secret co-ordination between geographically separated forces .
the other part of the explanation for the [action] tacitly granted to generals is the need for confidentiality and secret co-ordination between geographically separated forces .

Such schemes depend on local enthusiasm , skills and initiative , although some work may be performed by contractors .
such schemes depend on local enthusiasm , skills and [action] , although some work may be performed by contractors .

The initiative usually comes from the developer proposing an addition to an existing village , or from the local authority housing department wishing to construct a new council housing estate .
the [action] usually comes from the developer proposing an addition to an existing village , or from the local authority housing department wishing to construct a new council housing estate .

Hughes ( 1960 ) noted what he called ‘ a failure of initiative and imagination on the part of trade unions ’ concerning workers ' control in the nationalised industries generally , a ‘ failure ’ which was not really made good over the '60s .
hughes ( 1960 ) noted what he called ‘ a failure of [action] and imagination on the part of trade unions ’ concerning workers ' control in the nationalised industries generally , a ‘ failure ’ which was not really made good over the '60s .

These conspiracies were broken by the government , inefficient though it was , leaving the initiative in 1820 in the hands of the military Masonry .
these conspiracies were broken by the government , inefficient though it was , leaving the [action] in 1820 in the hands of the military masonry .

In the months that followed October the government gradually regained the initiative .
in the months that followed october the government gradually regained the [action] .

It took the initiative in each revolutionary situation .
it took the [action] in each revolutionary situation .

Private enterprise and initiative would replace the stultifying effect of joint responsibility and periodic redistribution of land .
private enterprise and [action] would replace the stultifying effect of joint responsibility and periodic redistribution of land .

In the large metal-working enterprises of St Petersburg , too , the initiative for working-class organization and activism was taken by workers with artisan skills .
in the large metal-working enterprises of st petersburg , too , the [action] for working-class organization and activism was taken by workers with artisan skills .

It was those with the highest levels of skill in whom the capacity for independent thought and initiative was most developed .
it was those with the highest levels of skill in whom the capacity for independent thought and [action] was most developed .

The ‘ third element ’ were frustrated by the restrictions on zemstvo initiative imposed by both government and by gentry deputies .
the ‘ third element ’ were frustrated by the restrictions on zemstvo [action] imposed by both government and by gentry deputies .

Working-class organizations which exhibited independent initiative — be it soviets or trade unions — were regarded with acute suspicion unless and until they were firmly under party tutelage .
working-class organizations which exhibited independent [action] — be it soviets or trade unions — were regarded with acute suspicion unless and until they were firmly under party tutelage .

The more closely the dynamics behind mass unrest are examined , the clearer it becomes that mass political militancy was generated from below rather than whipped up from above , and that ‘ intelligentsia initiative was successful only when it reflected … basic popular impulse .
the more closely the dynamics behind mass unrest are examined , the clearer it becomes that mass political militancy was generated from below rather than whipped up from above , and that ‘ intelligentsia [action] was successful only when it reflected … basic popular impulse .

Peter 's initiative in opening Russia to western influences , his modernisation of the administration and his development of industries were in sharp contrast to the Muscovite traditions of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries .
peter 's [action] in opening russia to western influences , his modernisation of the administration and his development of industries were in sharp contrast to the muscovite traditions of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries .

He was a dedicated follower of the new political initiative begun by Gorbachev .
he was a dedicated follower of the new political [action] begun by gorbachev .

The history of the poor law between the sixteenth and twentieth centuries was one of attempts to make this formula work — for local initiative with broad guidelines laid down centrally — despite social changes .
the history of the poor law between the sixteenth and twentieth centuries was one of attempts to make this formula work — for local [action] with broad guidelines laid down centrally — despite social changes .

But many give powers , and indicate ways in which those powers should be used , without undermining the scope for local initiative .
but many give powers , and indicate ways in which those powers should be used , without undermining the scope for local [action] .

The ‘ Care in the Community ’ initiative sought to extend this cooperation to help people who have been hospitalized for long periods .
the ‘ care in the community ’ [action] sought to extend this cooperation to help people who have been hospitalized for long periods .

It was argued that a lengthy period within a mental hospital could itself produce symptoms of social disorientation , apathy , loss of initiative and so on , which amounted to institutional neurosis , an illness that could persist long after the original illness had cleared up .
it was argued that a lengthy period within a mental hospital could itself produce symptoms of social disorientation , apathy , loss of [action] and so on , which amounted to institutional neurosis , an illness that could persist long after the original illness had cleared up .

The very security of the welfare state , it is claimed , has destroyed initiative and crippled the entrepreneurial activity on which Britain 's former prosperity was based .
the very security of the welfare state , it is claimed , has destroyed [action] and crippled the entrepreneurial activity on which britain 's former prosperity was based .

So it is not easy to strike the right balance between over-control by central government and the consequent stifling of local initiative , and too little check on local action resulting in serious neglect of some social needs .
so it is not easy to strike the right balance between over-control by central government and the consequent stifling of local [action] , and too little check on local action resulting in serious neglect of some social needs .

The most serious consequence of this initiative is that it may threaten the diagnosis and treatment of other sexually transmitted diseases .
the most serious consequence of this [action] is that it may threaten the diagnosis and treatment of other sexually transmitted diseases .

Bertrams ' buyer Mike Butler said the initiative had deeply shocked him , and posed a significant threat to the long-term health of the trade .
bertrams ' buyer mike butler said the [action] had deeply shocked him , and posed a significant threat to the long-term health of the trade .

In hindsight , with Crowe having led the team imaginatively and been the most successful batsman of the World Cup , this initiative of the selectors does not seem bright , but it was more understandable when it was made .
in hindsight , with crowe having led the team imaginatively and been the most successful batsman of the world cup , this [action] of the selectors does not seem bright , but it was more understandable when it was made .

Wagner can count some worthwhile benchmarks — from the Caring in Homes initiative to the forthcoming Children 's Charter and one or two legislative achievements — but it can also be justly proud of its part in seeing that residential care is on the political agenda , no longer a Cinderella service .
wagner can count some worthwhile benchmarks — from the caring in homes [action] to the forthcoming children 's charter and one or two legislative achievements — but it can also be justly proud of its part in seeing that residential care is on the political agenda , no longer a cinderella service .

Women were referred to the clinic by a gynaecologist or other specialist ( 302 , 61 % ) or by a general practitioner ( 101 , 20 % ) or came to the clinic on their own initiative ( 85 , 17 % ) .
women were referred to the clinic by a gynaecologist or other specialist ( 302 , 61 % ) or by a general practitioner ( 101 , 20 % ) or came to the clinic on their own [action] ( 85 , 17 % ) .

This inquiry is a joint initiative of the Shetland Health Board and the Environmental Health ( Scotland ) Unit , a Scottish Health Service organisation .
this inquiry is a joint [action] of the shetland health board and the environmental health ( scotland ) unit , a scottish health service organisation .

In a complementary initiative , a wide ranging analysis of the health care system — the National Health Strategy — has as one of its main objectives to improve the equitable impact of the health system .
in a complementary [action] , a wide ranging analysis of the health care system — the national health strategy — has as one of its main objectives to improve the equitable impact of the health system .

In this respect it is at a similar stage to the British initiative .
in this respect it is at a similar stage to the british [action] .

As the initiative has progressed , some undoubted strengths of having a national commitment of this nature have emerged .
as the [action] has progressed , some undoubted strengths of having a national commitment of this nature have emerged .

There is clearly an advantage in having the initiative linked to the political process at federal level , with the personal backing of the deputy prime minister , and with a director , Jenny Macklin , possessing respected political and analytical skills .
there is clearly an advantage in having the [action] linked to the political process at federal level , with the personal backing of the deputy prime minister , and with a director , jenny macklin , possessing respected political and analytical skills .

Another strength of the initiative has been the sophisticated analyses it has been able to produce .
another strength of the [action] has been the sophisticated analyses it has been able to produce .

The National Health Strategy initiative has been particularly valuable in documenting the evidence on inequalities in access to and quality of healthcare .
the national health strategy [action] has been particularly valuable in documenting the evidence on inequalities in access to and quality of healthcare .

One of the strengths of the Australian National Health Strategy initiative has been its ‘ equity audit ’ on the health care sector — identifying problems over access and use of services for different groups in the population .
one of the strengths of the australian national health strategy [action] has been its ‘ equity audit ’ on the health care sector — identifying problems over access and use of services for different groups in the population .

The initiative has also made concerted attempts to tackle these problems .
the [action] has also made concerted attempts to tackle these problems .

Editor , — In her series on medical education Stella Lowry has failed to mention one major initiative in community based medical education .
editor , — in her series on medical education stella lowry has failed to mention one major [action] in community based medical education .

It was important for the demonstration aspects of the initiative to have it geographically dispersed in order to get the message across that community care maybe can work but also has its problems .
it was important for the demonstration aspects of the [action] to have it geographically dispersed in order to get the message across that community care maybe can work but also has its problems .

The initiative covered 28 district health authorities in England and 28 local authorities It covered about 40 voluntary agencies and more than 50 hospitals .
the [action] covered 28 district health authorities in england and 28 local authorities it covered about 40 voluntary agencies and more than 50 hospitals .

The spread was partly due to the initiative of former pupils of deaf schools who wanted to continue the friendships which school life had forged and to help one another in adulthood , and partly to the evangelistic zeal and charitable urge of hearing people associated with deaf schools , who realised that deaf and dumb children needed support also in adult life .
the spread was partly due to the [action] of former pupils of deaf schools who wanted to continue the friendships which school life had forged and to help one another in adulthood , and partly to the evangelistic zeal and charitable urge of hearing people associated with deaf schools , who realised that deaf and dumb children needed support also in adult life .

This growing feeling during the first half of 1937 that the forces of fascism were very much on the offensive and that the initiative was gradually slipping away from the Republican cause was abruptly and symbolically confirmed in July 1937 .
this growing feeling during the first half of 1937 that the forces of fascism were very much on the offensive and that the [action] was gradually slipping away from the republican cause was abruptly and symbolically confirmed in july 1937 .

Thirdly , because it marks the moment at which , following the initiative of the Amsterdam-Pleyel movement of 1932–3 , cultural activity began to be officially organized around socio-political themes in Western democracies such as France .
thirdly , because it marks the moment at which , following the [action] of the amsterdam-pleyel movement of 1932–3 , cultural activity began to be officially organized around socio-political themes in western democracies such as france .

The government has accepted Tomlinson 's recommendation for investment in premises and has set up an initiative zone to encourage new ideas .
the government has accepted tomlinson 's recommendation for investment in premises and has set up an [action] zone to encourage new ideas .

Ciba 's top management hopes this will help break down the hierarchical system in which many of their middle management had become too passive , and encourage more individual initiative .
ciba 's top management hopes this will help break down the hierarchical system in which many of their middle management had become too passive , and encourage more individual [action] .

The plan was designed to give France the initiative in German affairs which had been slipping away from her .
the plan was designed to give france the [action] in german affairs which had been slipping away from her .

‘ Group work ’ leaves the initiative and the onus for managing the environment with the teacher .
‘ group work ’ leaves the [action] and the onus for managing the environment with the teacher .

It needs an understanding of how all the parts contribute to the whole , so that new elements of collaboration can be introduced as and when appropriate , with the children 's confidence and understanding being developed until they are ready to take over the initiative for themselves .
it needs an understanding of how all the parts contribute to the whole , so that new elements of collaboration can be introduced as and when appropriate , with the children 's confidence and understanding being developed until they are ready to take over the [action] for themselves .

Jane took the initiative and with encouragement from other students and tutors on the scheme she set up the Achievement Group , a ‘ students supporting students ’ programme .
jane took the [action] and with encouragement from other students and tutors on the scheme she set up the achievement group , a ‘ students supporting students ’ programme .

It was the locale of a Community Development Project , part of the first major initiative by the central British State directed at inner urban problems .
it was the locale of a community development project , part of the first major [action] by the central british state directed at inner urban problems .

Whereas the compulsory purchase order enquiry is fairly passive , relying on party initiative to inform the minister , the investigative enquiry is more active in that it seeks out information .
whereas the compulsory purchase order enquiry is fairly passive , relying on party [action] to inform the minister , the investigative enquiry is more active in that it seeks out information .

The tribunal members would read the dossier in preparation for the hearing and would take the initiative at the hearing by indicating the issues of fact and law on which evidence and submission remained necessary .
the tribunal members would read the dossier in preparation for the hearing and would take the [action] at the hearing by indicating the issues of fact and law on which evidence and submission remained necessary .

She seemed to wait for an initiative from her friend .
she seemed to wait for an [action] from her friend .

In short , the deposition only serves to underline the limitations of ecclesiastical initiative and power in politics .
in short , the deposition only serves to underline the limitations of ecclesiastical [action] and power in politics .

This identity of provincial synods with convocations was strengthened because such synods were seldom assembled thereafter except on the king 's initiative and for the principal purpose of consenting to royal taxation .
this identity of provincial synods with convocations was strengthened because such synods were seldom assembled thereafter except on the king 's [action] and for the principal purpose of consenting to royal taxation .

To add to these burdens , the 1340 tax of a ninth of corn , sheep and wool , from which the clergy had obtained exemption by their grant of a normal tenth , was nevertheless applied to them by many local officials at first acting on their own initiative , but after January 1341 on the king 's orders .
to add to these burdens , the 1340 tax of a ninth of corn , sheep and wool , from which the clergy had obtained exemption by their grant of a normal tenth , was nevertheless applied to them by many local officials at first acting on their own [action] , but after january 1341 on the king 's orders .

They , on their own initiative , crawled inside .
they , on their own [action] , crawled inside .

She probably did n't think she needed curtains , with the room overlooking the railway line , not considering the ambition and initiative of a boy like William .
she probably did n't think she needed curtains , with the room overlooking the railway line , not considering the ambition and [action] of a boy like william .

But then Adam , on his own initiative , paid a first instalment of some £12,400 to the merchant for the prime minister .
but then adam , on his own [action] , paid a first instalment of some £12,400 to the merchant for the prime minister .

The soap giant is repackaging Wisk , through Fisher Ling & Bennion , as part of what industry sources believe is a major marketing initiative to revitalise the brand 's fortunes .
the soap giant is repackaging wisk , through fisher ling & bennion , as part of what industry sources believe is a major marketing [action] to revitalise the brand 's fortunes .

Commercial Union is reviewing its 3rd Age Initiative account , thought to be worth £2m , in preparation for its consumer launch into the grey market , later this year .
commercial union is reviewing its 3rd age [action] account , thought to be worth £2m , in preparation for its consumer launch into the grey market , later this year .

Primesight Fours and Baillie Advertising , the four-sheet poster contractors , have launched a joint marketing initiative for their combined sheetage .
primesight fours and baillie advertising , the four-sheet poster contractors , have launched a joint marketing [action] for their combined sheetage .

The little boy down the road who 's started his own car valet business at the age of 13 is certainly to be admired for his initiative .
the little boy down the road who 's started his own car valet business at the age of 13 is certainly to be admired for his [action] .

Although it all sprang from God 's initiative , it was nevertheless very much a two-sided affair .
although it all sprang from god 's [action] , it was nevertheless very much a two-sided affair .

It is fascinating to follow John Taylor 's poetic imagination in attributing to the Spirit of God the ‘ inner awareness of the unattained ’ , ‘ the stimulation of initiative and choice ’ , and the ‘ principle of sacrifice ’ inherent in the creative development of our world ( The Go-Between God , chapter 2 ) .
it is fascinating to follow john taylor 's poetic imagination in attributing to the spirit of god the ‘ inner awareness of the unattained ’ , ‘ the stimulation of [action] and choice ’ , and the ‘ principle of sacrifice ’ inherent in the creative development of our world ( the go-between god , chapter 2 ) .

At every point in the advance , it is the Holy Spirit of God who takes the initiative .
at every point in the advance , it is the holy spirit of god who takes the [action] .

Even then , such is Peter 's Jewish prejudice , the Holy Spirit has to take the initiative in falling upon Cornelius and his company before ever Peter had got round to making any appeal to repentance , faith and baptism ( 10:44f ) .
even then , such is peter 's jewish prejudice , the holy spirit has to take the [action] in falling upon cornelius and his company before ever peter had got round to making any appeal to repentance , faith and baptism ( 10:44f ) .

It is one of the remarkable indications of the balance of St. Luke that he manages to stress the initiative of the Spirit in ever-expanding circles of evangelism with the reminder that the mission is one .
it is one of the remarkable indications of the balance of st. luke that he manages to stress the [action] of the spirit in ever-expanding circles of evangelism with the reminder that the mission is one .

There is neither Jewish nor Gentile bias in this chronicler of the Holy Spirit 's initiative in mission throughout the world , though his application of the famous ‘ blinding ’ passage of Isaiah 6 to Jewish leaders who refused to receive their Messiah , and his assertion , ‘ Be it known to you that this salvation of God has been sent to the gentiles : they will listen ’ ( 28:25–28 ) , is suggestive of the direction in which the Christian mission would , for the most part , go .
there is neither jewish nor gentile bias in this chronicler of the holy spirit 's [action] in mission throughout the world , though his application of the famous ‘ blinding ’ passage of isaiah 6 to jewish leaders who refused to receive their messiah , and his assertion , ‘ be it known to you that this salvation of god has been sent to the gentiles : they will listen ’ ( 28:25–28 ) , is suggestive of the direction in which the christian mission would , for the most part , go .

God 's way of salvation is shown to be the same throughout the ages : men respond in faith to his initiative in grace .
god 's way of salvation is shown to be the same throughout the ages : men respond in faith to his [action] in grace .

So far , the following contingencies have been identified : * industrial structure ; number of potential customers ; market structure ; * centralised buying ; contract business ; * risk of supplier dependency on customer ; unbalanced customer profile ; * loss of market initiative ; * risk of takeover by customer ; * threat of competition from international suppliers .
so far , the following contingencies have been identified : * industrial structure ; number of potential customers ; market structure ; * centralised buying ; contract business ; * risk of supplier dependency on customer ; unbalanced customer profile ; * loss of market [action] ; * risk of takeover by customer ; * threat of competition from international suppliers .

The University will expect the students to take more responsibility for their own learning experiences , and more opportunities will be provided for them to develop personal skills like independence and initiative , leadership , flexibility and team work , communication skills and so on ; in short , the qualities which will help people to succeed in a wide variety of jobs after graduation .
the university will expect the students to take more responsibility for their own learning experiences , and more opportunities will be provided for them to develop personal skills like independence and [action] , leadership , flexibility and team work , communication skills and so on ; in short , the qualities which will help people to succeed in a wide variety of jobs after graduation .

Mr. Ray Powell : Does the Secretary of State recall that when he was a Minister in the Department of Energy , he was responsible for several colliery closures in Wales ? Does he realise that the mining fraternity has been reduced from 22,000 in 1979 , to fewer than 8,000 now and that in my constituency seven collieries have been closed and 5,000 miners made redundant ? Will he accept that his valleys initiative is not making any dent in unemployment in the valleys ?
mr. ray powell : does the secretary of state recall that when he was a minister in the department of energy , he was responsible for several colliery closures in wales ? does he realise that the mining fraternity has been reduced from 22,000 in 1979 , to fewer than 8,000 now and that in my constituency seven collieries have been closed and 5,000 miners made redundant ? will he accept that his valleys [action] is not making any dent in unemployment in the valleys ?

Mr. Murphy : Does not the so-called initiative for our valleys involve more fantasy than reality ? What our valleys want are better schools , better hospitals and better housing . Does the Secretary of State not accept that our valley councils have lost more in rate support grant over the past 10 years than he has given them in new money in the latest package ? Does he not also accept that much of his programme was going to come about in any event , that he has deliberately delayed the urban programme announcement , that six of our valleys are still not designated areas under the Act and that a proper revitalisation of the valleys would require massive and genuinely new investment spread over at least eight years , not advertising hype spread over three ?
mr. murphy : does not the so-called [action] for our valleys involve more fantasy than reality ? what our valleys want are better schools , better hospitals and better housing . does the secretary of state not accept that our valley councils have lost more in rate support grant over the past 10 years than he has given them in new money in the latest package ? does he not also accept that much of his programme was going to come about in any event , that he has deliberately delayed the urban programme announcement , that six of our valleys are still not designated areas under the act and that a proper revitalisation of the valleys would require massive and genuinely new investment spread over at least eight years , not advertising hype spread over three ?

Will he now reconsider his advice that local initiative will solve all these problems , given that he has undermined local initiative in the example quoted earlier about people who have been willing to put up £17 million of locally raised money for a project which was undermined by the Welsh Office ?
will he now reconsider his advice that local [action] will solve all these problems , given that he has undermined local [action] in the example quoted earlier about people who have been willing to put up £17 million of locally raised money for a project which was undermined by the welsh office ?

Friend will have noted the debate in the House last Monday on the initiative by my Hon .
friend will have noted the debate in the house last monday on the [action] by my hon .

You will remember that on the occasion of the first valleys initiative statement we had to raise many points with you in order to persuade the right Hon .
you will remember that on the occasion of the first valleys [action] statement we had to raise many points with you in order to persuade the right hon .

One initiative is management-led and the other is employee-led .
one [action] is management-led and the other is employee-led .

In those circumstances , surely each of those elements is entitled to try to put together a buy-out on is own initiative .
in those circumstances , surely each of those elements is entitled to try to put together a buy-out on is own [action] .

If a worker-led bid came forward and there were employees within a company who had drive , initiative and new ideas about how it could be run more successfully and provide more services at no cost to the public purse , why should they , in effect , be disqualified without their case ever having been studied by those who are supposed to study the bids ? If the Government adhere to their position , the decision on the bids would be taken not after due consideration and detailed examination but at the outset by telling one bid that it had not been selected to receive the £48,750 assistance .
if a worker-led bid came forward and there were employees within a company who had drive , [action] and new ideas about how it could be run more successfully and provide more services at no cost to the public purse , why should they , in effect , be disqualified without their case ever having been studied by those who are supposed to study the bids ? if the government adhere to their position , the decision on the bids would be taken not after due consideration and detailed examination but at the outset by telling one bid that it had not been selected to receive the £48,750 assistance .

French publishers found a lively market for the polyphonic chanson and its instrumental arrangements ; composers based Masses on it , even in its most scabrous forms ; and even before the foundation in 1570 of the Académie de Poésie et de Musique on the initiative of Jean-Antoine de Baif , French composers had developed an extreme form of Humanist song in musique mesurée a l'antique .
french publishers found a lively market for the polyphonic chanson and its instrumental arrangements ; composers based masses on it , even in its most scabrous forms ; and even before the foundation in 1570 of the académie de poésie et de musique on the [action] of jean-antoine de baif , french composers had developed an extreme form of humanist song in musique mesurée a l'antique .

But in Felicity 's case , she was not impelled by the plain girl 's need to take the initiative , but by youthful enthusiasm and social immaturity .
but in felicity 's case , she was not impelled by the plain girl 's need to take the [action] , but by youthful enthusiasm and social immaturity .

But custom , who holds all things in her grip , especially the train of courtship in the Noonday of Italy , demanded that he take the initiative in wooing and she remain wordless , especially in company .
but custom , who holds all things in her grip , especially the train of courtship in the noonday of italy , demanded that he take the [action] in wooing and she remain wordless , especially in company .

Quantitatively abortion was probably the most important female initiative in family limitation throughout the period , particularly among the very poor .
quantitatively abortion was probably the most important female [action] in family limitation throughout the period , particularly among the very poor .

As the Clean Air Act had left much to state initiative , congressional dissatisfaction with the rate of progress in some states led to the Air Quality Act of 1967 which at last required states to establish air quality standards consistent with federal criteria , and then to devise implementation plans setting out ways of achieving the air quality standards .
as the clean air act had left much to state [action] , congressional dissatisfaction with the rate of progress in some states led to the air quality act of 1967 which at last required states to establish air quality standards consistent with federal criteria , and then to devise implementation plans setting out ways of achieving the air quality standards .

At first it left the initiative to state and local government but then it progressively took away more and more of it .
at first it left the [action] to state and local government but then it progressively took away more and more of it .

In the same way , shipwrights were expected to show initiative when building in the traditional way in wood ; but with the coming of iron and then steel as materials , leading to bigger ships as steam replaced sail , calculations led to exact drawings , which became the vehicle of centralized control and stronger industrial discipline .
in the same way , shipwrights were expected to show [action] when building in the traditional way in wood ; but with the coming of iron and then steel as materials , leading to bigger ships as steam replaced sail , calculations led to exact drawings , which became the vehicle of centralized control and stronger industrial discipline .

Perhaps the development of most interest to us in 1854 was that on an American initiative there had been an international conference at Brussels on shortening ship 's passages by producing better charts of winds and currents .
perhaps the development of most interest to us in 1854 was that on an american [action] there had been an international conference at brussels on shortening ship 's passages by producing better charts of winds and currents .

The inability of the Fulton initiative to produce radical changes was only one of a number of administrative reforms which by 1979 were generally adjudged to have failed .
the inability of the fulton [action] to produce radical changes was only one of a number of administrative reforms which by 1979 were generally adjudged to have failed .

Rather , developments have proceeded incrementally with early initiatives such as the Rayner Scrutiny Programme leading subsequently to the introduction of departmental management information systems and the Financial Management Initiative .
rather , developments have proceeded incrementally with early initiatives such as the rayner scrutiny programme leading subsequently to the introduction of departmental management information systems and the financial management [action] .

Alexander ( 1982a , p. 198 ) , for example , argues that this ‘ is more often than not reactive rather than initiative .
alexander ( 1982a , p. 198 ) , for example , argues that this ‘ is more often than not reactive rather than [action] .

They persuaded party leaders and the party group to adopt the initiative and subsequently took an important role in the process of implementation .
they persuaded party leaders and the party group to adopt the [action] and subsequently took an important role in the process of implementation .

For example , a central department lacking the constitutional/legal resources to prevent ( or encourage ) a specific local initiative can attempt to get its way by withholding ( or supplying ) financial resources .
for example , a central department lacking the constitutional/legal resources to prevent ( or encourage ) a specific local [action] can attempt to get its way by withholding ( or supplying ) financial resources .

The third year saw a major initiative in this area , involving 545 teacher-days , while in the fourth year there was something of a reversal as the amount of time was cut back by well over a half .
the third year saw a major [action] in this area , involving 545 teacher-days , while in the fourth year there was something of a reversal as the amount of time was cut back by well over a half .

She congratulated herself on the enterprise and initiative which had allowed her to cheat Rose Cottage , to outwit ‘ Time ’ , if only for the day .
she congratulated herself on the enterprise and [action] which had allowed her to cheat rose cottage , to outwit ‘ time ’ , if only for the day .

The most notable consequences of the new Soviet initiative were that in 1975 Mexico signed an agreement with Comecon , and trade with both Argentina and Brazil reached a peak in 1981 when both countries refused to take part in the grain embargo introduced by Resident Carter as one of his sanctions against the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan .
the most notable consequences of the new soviet [action] were that in 1975 mexico signed an agreement with comecon , and trade with both argentina and brazil reached a peak in 1981 when both countries refused to take part in the grain embargo introduced by resident carter as one of his sanctions against the soviet invasion of afghanistan .

Mexico was offered credits tied to the purchase of petroleum equipment , but rejected the initiative ( Philip : 1982 , p. 342 ) .
mexico was offered credits tied to the purchase of petroleum equipment , but rejected the [action] ( philip : 1982 , p. 342 ) .

It was on their own initiative that Recabarren 's Socialist Workers ' party ( in 1922 ) and weaker versions in Argentina ( 1921 ) and Uruguay ( 1920 ) gained admission to the Communist International .
it was on their own [action] that recabarren 's socialist workers ' party ( in 1922 ) and weaker versions in argentina ( 1921 ) and uruguay ( 1920 ) gained admission to the communist international .

Thus , in the 1960s , the initiative passed to what became known as the ‘ New Left ’ — which in practice referred to all those who sought radical social change in Latin America .
thus , in the 1960s , the [action] passed to what became known as the ‘ new left ’ — which in practice referred to all those who sought radical social change in latin america .

Castro was said to be ’ embarrassed ' by all but the 14 June expedition against Dominican Republic dictator Trujillo , which was the only one in 1959 launched on Cuban government initiative with , it should be noted , the support of president Rómulo Betancourt ( Szulc : 1986 , p. 393 ; Martz and Myers : 1977 , p. 337 ) .
castro was said to be ’ embarrassed ' by all but the 14 june expedition against dominican republic dictator trujillo , which was the only one in 1959 launched on cuban government [action] with , it should be noted , the support of president rómulo betancourt ( szulc : 1986 , p. 393 ; martz and myers : 1977 , p. 337 ) .

However , in the context of the volatile reaction , both internal and external , to a relatively mild Agrarian Reform initiative , they may well have served to endorse Castro 's conclusion that the social change which he wanted the revolution to effect in Cuba was incompatible with extremely powerful domestic and foreign economic interests .
however , in the context of the volatile reaction , both internal and external , to a relatively mild agrarian reform [action] , they may well have served to endorse castro 's conclusion that the social change which he wanted the revolution to effect in cuba was incompatible with extremely powerful domestic and foreign economic interests .

There seems little doubt that the initiative came from Moscow .
there seems little doubt that the [action] came from moscow .

In return for the lenders ' initiative , the Government agreed to pay lenders directly the mortgage interest for unemployed borrowers receiving income support .
in return for the lenders ' [action] , the government agreed to pay lenders directly the mortgage interest for unemployed borrowers receiving income support .

In order to draw up a balanced invitation list , prospective contributors are asked to state , in less than 100 words , their perspective on the topic and return it to the Initiative 's Secretariat by the 30th April 1991 .
in order to draw up a balanced invitation list , prospective contributors are asked to state , in less than 100 words , their perspective on the topic and return it to the [action] 's secretariat by the 30th april 1991 .

The Group was formed on the initiative of Financial Public Relations Ltd and is chaired by ex-MP Sir Robin Chichester-Clark of head-hunters The Welbeck Group .
the group was formed on the [action] of financial public relations ltd and is chaired by ex-mp sir robin chichester-clark of head-hunters the welbeck group .

It argues that voluntary measures such as the Department of Employment 's Making the Cash Flow initiative ‘ may require further legislation reinforcement ’ .
it argues that voluntary measures such as the department of employment 's making the cash flow [action] ‘ may require further legislation reinforcement ’ .

The President of Birmingham Chambers of Industry & Commerce , Gary Allen , is leading a new initiative to ensure that the voice of business and industry is heard clearly by Government .
the president of birmingham chambers of industry & commerce , gary allen , is leading a new [action] to ensure that the voice of business and industry is heard clearly by government .

Lord Joseph , a former Conservative Secretary of State for Education and Science , has argued that the plans involve too much central control and that they will lead to a loss of flexibility and a stifling of initiative and innovation .
lord joseph , a former conservative secretary of state for education and science , has argued that the plans involve too much central control and that they will lead to a loss of flexibility and a stifling of [action] and innovation .

Institutions engaged in higher education are now expected to be much more aggressively entrepreneurial , and they are also being invited to help their students to acquire marketing and business skills through the Enterprise in Higher Education Initiative .
institutions engaged in higher education are now expected to be much more aggressively entrepreneurial , and they are also being invited to help their students to acquire marketing and business skills through the enterprise in higher education [action] .

The initiative for a change of landlord may come from prospective landlords , the local authority or from tenants themselves .
the [action] for a change of landlord may come from prospective landlords , the local authority or from tenants themselves .

The Guardian leader quoted earlier said of the proposals : ‘ There was no major initiative on inner cities yesterday .
the guardian leader quoted earlier said of the proposals : ‘ there was no major [action] on inner cities yesterday .

Nearly all transfers have taken place on the initiative either of prospective landlords or of mainly Conservative local authorities .
nearly all transfers have taken place on the [action] either of prospective landlords or of mainly conservative local authorities .

Sermatt 's new initiative is to follow Austria and America 's example and create patrolled , marked runs which are never pisted ( other than by skiers themselves between snowfalls ) .
sermatt 's new [action] is to follow austria and america 's example and create patrolled , marked runs which are never pisted ( other than by skiers themselves between snowfalls ) .

There is also to be an initiative towards regional disarmament and towards limiting future arms supplies to the region .
there is also to be an [action] towards regional disarmament and towards limiting future arms supplies to the region .

In 1991 , Infolink also introduced an initiative to tackle the growing problem of vehicle transfer agencies .
in 1991 , infolink also introduced an [action] to tackle the growing problem of vehicle transfer agencies .

East of Scotland Branch has started an initiative to develop relationships with other institutes where co-operation may be of benefit .
east of scotland branch has started an [action] to develop relationships with other institutes where co-operation may be of benefit .

There is little twentieth-century sculpture in National Trust gardens but a new initiative started in 1986 , the Foundation for Art , commissions and acquires works of art for the Trust .
there is little twentieth-century sculpture in national trust gardens but a new [action] started in 1986 , the foundation for art , commissions and acquires works of art for the trust .

The culmination of the whole initiative will the construction of the Tree of Life exhibition in Rio de Janeiro in June at the centre of the Earth Summit and in view of the world 's press .
the culmination of the whole [action] will the construction of the tree of life exhibition in rio de janeiro in june at the centre of the earth summit and in view of the world 's press .

Because Saturn , Uranus and Neptune in Capricorn are now challenged by the Sun in Aries , you are urged to do your sums this April , read all the small print and then take the initiative over joint financial arrangements or business affairs .
because saturn , uranus and neptune in capricorn are now challenged by the sun in aries , you are urged to do your sums this april , read all the small print and then take the [action] over joint financial arrangements or business affairs .

‘ What woman of any initiative would have spent almost her entire adult life living in discord with a difficult mother ? ’
‘ what woman of any [action] would have spent almost her entire adult life living in discord with a difficult mother ? ’

Butler described her marriage as ‘ a perfectly equal union with absolute freedom on both sides for personal initiative in thought and action ’ .
butler described her marriage as ‘ a perfectly equal union with absolute freedom on both sides for personal [action] in thought and action ’ .

The rise of the purity movement in the 1880s needs to be seen in relation to these medical defeats , for state medicine had lost the initiative not only in the field of sexual regulation but in many other areas of social intervention .
the rise of the purity movement in the 1880s needs to be seen in relation to these medical defeats , for state medicine had lost the [action] not only in the field of sexual regulation but in many other areas of social intervention .

Medics might bemoan the lack of any broad initiative in public health policy but they could point to this expanding area of research as a mark of contemporary achievements .
medics might bemoan the lack of any broad [action] in public health policy but they could point to this expanding area of research as a mark of contemporary achievements .

At that time there were very few courses of any kind which recognised the value of an ability to communicate with members of different linguistic communities resident in Britain in their preferred language : the only academic institutions offering any kind of training for the teaching of community languages such as Bengali , Chinese , Greek , Gujarati , Hindi , Italian , Panjabi , Polish , Portuguese , Spanish , Turkish and Urdu ( as used in Britain ) were the bodies who had supported the initiative of the Royal Society of Arts in piloting a Certificate in the Teaching of Urban Educational Studies in the Inner London Education Authority , Moray House College in Edinburgh , Middlesex Polytechnic and St. John 's College of Further Education in Manchester .
at that time there were very few courses of any kind which recognised the value of an ability to communicate with members of different linguistic communities resident in britain in their preferred language : the only academic institutions offering any kind of training for the teaching of community languages such as bengali , chinese , greek , gujarati , hindi , italian , panjabi , polish , portuguese , spanish , turkish and urdu ( as used in britain ) were the bodies who had supported the [action] of the royal society of arts in piloting a certificate in the teaching of urban educational studies in the inner london education authority , moray house college in edinburgh , middlesex polytechnic and st. john 's college of further education in manchester .

8731 , 1917 ) provided ample justification for a new initiative , in its revelations of the wretched housing conditions inherited from earlier years .
8731 , 1917 ) provided ample justification for a new [action] , in its revelations of the wretched housing conditions inherited from earlier years .

Superficially the story might appear a simple one of challenge and response : aerial bombardment and the need to redevelop provided a situation in which Government at a time of emergency understandably took the initiative .
superficially the story might appear a simple one of challenge and response : aerial bombardment and the need to redevelop provided a situation in which government at a time of emergency understandably took the [action] .

Duncan Sandys ' initiative in creating this body ( not without some alarm expressed by his senior officials in the Ministry of Housing and Local Government ) was soon to pay dividends , because it directly fostered the subsequent founding of a large number of local societies ( 1,200 , ultimately by the mid-1980s ) .
duncan sandys ' [action] in creating this body ( not without some alarm expressed by his senior officials in the ministry of housing and local government ) was soon to pay dividends , because it directly fostered the subsequent founding of a large number of local societies ( 1,200 , ultimately by the mid-1980s ) .

The Act provided for the designation of conservation areas , and this proved a popular initiative by those many local authorities which contained areas of special architectural or historic interest .
the act provided for the designation of conservation areas , and this proved a popular [action] by those many local authorities which contained areas of special architectural or historic interest .

In England and Wales the regional initiative passed partly to the newly established Regional Economic Planning Councils .
in england and wales the regional [action] passed partly to the newly established regional economic planning councils .

The reasons for Government initiative in this area , however disjointed during this period 1966–77 , are rather obscure .
the reasons for government [action] in this area , however disjointed during this period 1966–77 , are rather obscure .

The conversion of public opinion on this question was triggered off by the scientists ' response to a major theoretical initiative in the field : Darwin 's Origin of Species , published in 1859 .
the conversion of public opinion on this question was triggered off by the scientists ' response to a major theoretical [action] in the field : darwin 's origin of species , published in 1859 .

Since the characters that helped the individual to succeed in the battle were the traditional Protestant virtues of enterprise , initiative and thrift , Spencer could project his philosophy as a new foundation for traditional morality , despite its tendency to encourage indifference to the suffering of those who still needed to be taught a lesson by a wise but harsh Nature .
since the characters that helped the individual to succeed in the battle were the traditional protestant virtues of enterprise , [action] and thrift , spencer could project his philosophy as a new foundation for traditional morality , despite its tendency to encourage indifference to the suffering of those who still needed to be taught a lesson by a wise but harsh nature .

There was no single discipline of ecology created in response to a theoretical initiative , or to a particular philosophical position .
there was no single discipline of ecology created in response to a theoretical [action] , or to a particular philosophical position .

The initiative for a project very often comes from the funding agency , which adopts a ‘ proactive ’ stance ( in the jargon ) , setting the agenda , administering a steering committee and ensuring that the project is running towards the desired end .
the [action] for a project very often comes from the funding agency , which adopts a ‘ proactive ’ stance ( in the jargon ) , setting the agenda , administering a steering committee and ensuring that the project is running towards the desired end .

Until Apple began its marketing initiative there were only two options available ; pay someone else to do all of the job for you or do it all yourself .
until apple began its marketing [action] there were only two options available ; pay someone else to do all of the job for you or do it all yourself .

If production is to go ahead at all there has to be some minimum level of cooperation between management and workers , and workers require some autonomy if their initiative is to be counted upon .
if production is to go ahead at all there has to be some minimum level of cooperation between management and workers , and workers require some autonomy if their [action] is to be counted upon .

Instances in which workers take the initiative to get a job done reflect cooperative elements in the employment relationship .
instances in which workers take the [action] to get a job done reflect cooperative elements in the employment relationship .

These might be aggression , self-assurance , intelligence , initiative , a drive for achievement or power , interpersonal skills , administrative ability , imagination , a certain upbringing and education , the ‘ helicopter factor ’ ( ie .
these might be aggression , self-assurance , intelligence , [action] , a drive for achievement or power , interpersonal skills , administrative ability , imagination , a certain upbringing and education , the ‘ helicopter factor ’ ( ie .

Innovation is discouraged ; there is a school of management thinking which believes that too much bureaucracy represses creativity and initiative in moulding organisation man .
innovation is discouraged ; there is a school of management thinking which believes that too much bureaucracy represses creativity and [action] in moulding organisation man .

‘ From decentralisation we get initiative , responsibility , development of personnel , decisions close to the facts , flexibility in short , all the qualities necessary for an organisation to adapt to new conditions .
‘ from decentralisation we get [action] , responsibility , development of personnel , decisions close to the facts , flexibility in short , all the qualities necessary for an organisation to adapt to new conditions .

Behavioural theorists add that tall structures impose rigid supervision and control and therefore block initiative and ruin the motivation of subordinates .
behavioural theorists add that tall structures impose rigid supervision and control and therefore block [action] and ruin the motivation of subordinates .

the basic , underlying assumptions which guide the behaviour of the individuals and groups in the organisation , eg. customer orientation , or belief in quality , trust in the organisation to provide rewards , freedom to make decisions , freedom to make mistakes , the value of innovation and initiative at all levels team-working etc ;
the basic , underlying assumptions which guide the behaviour of the individuals and groups in the organisation , eg. customer orientation , or belief in quality , trust in the organisation to provide rewards , freedom to make decisions , freedom to make mistakes , the value of innovation and [action] at all levels team-working etc ;

In the 19th Century the working classes , exasperated by their plight and the lack of initiative of their employers , formed into trades unions to give themselves the corporate strength which individuals lacked .
in the 19th century the working classes , exasperated by their plight and the lack of [action] of their employers , formed into trades unions to give themselves the corporate strength which individuals lacked .

An initiative by him in 1944 ensured that the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden , would return to its proper activities after wartime use as a dancehall .
an [action] by him in 1944 ensured that the royal opera house , covent garden , would return to its proper activities after wartime use as a dancehall .

The Arts and Crafts Exhibition Society , which held its inaugural exhibition in 1888 , came into being through his initiative .
the arts and crafts exhibition society , which held its inaugural exhibition in 1888 , came into being through his [action] .

On his own initiative , he began seizing enemies of the Rump Parliament as he saw fit .
on his own [action] , he began seizing enemies of the rump parliament as he saw fit .

These he expressed in the Working Men 's Club and Institute Union , founded chiefly on his initiative on 14 June 1862 in London , becoming its first paid secretary in 1863 .
these he expressed in the working men 's club and institute union , founded chiefly on his [action] on 14 june 1862 in london , becoming its first paid secretary in 1863 .

Believing that artisans should be well housed , his last initiative was to set up the Society for the Promotion of Industrial Villages in 1884 .
believing that artisans should be well housed , his last [action] was to set up the society for the promotion of industrial villages in 1884 .

in Glasgow , where he took the initiative in substituting welding for the traditional riveting of joints in steel structures .
in glasgow , where he took the [action] in substituting welding for the traditional riveting of joints in steel structures .

The repeal of the Combination Acts in 1824–5 had given trade unions a precarious legality , and Loveless 's initiative was apparently protected .
the repeal of the combination acts in 1824–5 had given trade unions a precarious legality , and loveless 's [action] was apparently protected .

An incipient federation was the outcome , accompanied by his personal initiative for the accelerated Africanization of the public service .
an incipient federation was the outcome , accompanied by his personal [action] for the accelerated africanization of the public service .

Although this particular initiative was successful in providing a community education service operated and controlled by local people , and subsidised by the local authority , it was very limited in scope .
although this particular [action] was successful in providing a community education service operated and controlled by local people , and subsidised by the local authority , it was very limited in scope .

They have responded to their troubles and problems with imagination and initiative .
they have responded to their troubles and problems with imagination and [action] .

Where contact with the organized public is necessary or unavoidable , steps are taken to retain the organizational initiative in the hands of the governmental authorities as far as possible , and to associate with people of like attitude rather than with those who are considered to be ‘ uncooperative ’ , ‘ militant ’ , ‘ extremist ’ for example .
where contact with the organized public is necessary or unavoidable , steps are taken to retain the organizational [action] in the hands of the governmental authorities as far as possible , and to associate with people of like attitude rather than with those who are considered to be ‘ uncooperative ’ , ‘ militant ’ , ‘ extremist ’ for example .

Perhaps the single greatest function of the house concerns money : the house takes the initiative in dealing with the President 's requests for appropriations and revenue-raising suggestions and the Senate acts on what the house produces .
perhaps the single greatest function of the house concerns money : the house takes the [action] in dealing with the president 's requests for appropriations and revenue-raising suggestions and the senate acts on what the house produces .

As we have seen , in the case of both policies and budgets , the initiative has passed to the executive .
as we have seen , in the case of both policies and budgets , the [action] has passed to the executive .

The main manifestation of this is , of course , the criminal law in which the state ( since Norman times in Britain ) takes the initiative in enforcing certain standards of behaviour on the people .
the main manifestation of this is , of course , the criminal law in which the state ( since norman times in britain ) takes the [action] in enforcing certain standards of behaviour on the people .

Great Britain , however , chose initially to pursue closer links with the United States rather than support the European initiative .
great britain , however , chose initially to pursue closer links with the united states rather than support the european [action] .

( Note : the Next Steps Initiative , which is primarily concerned with the establishment of Executive Agencies , is not the same thing as the establishment of trading funds .
( note : the next steps [action] , which is primarily concerned with the establishment of executive agencies , is not the same thing as the establishment of trading funds .

Taking the initiative 1 : the attacker grabs the defender 's wrist .
taking the [action] 1 : the attacker grabs the defender 's wrist .

In 1981 the three Indo-Chinese regimes presented a joint initiative aimed at normalising conditions in Southeast Asia and creating a zone of peace , stability and good neighbourliness .
in 1981 the three indo-chinese regimes presented a joint [action] aimed at normalising conditions in southeast asia and creating a zone of peace , stability and good neighbourliness .

Moscow described the new Soviet initiative as ‘ fully in line ’ with the position of the Organisation of African unity .
moscow described the new soviet [action] as ‘ fully in line ’ with the position of the organisation of african unity .

At the conclusion of his speech in New Delhi on 10 December Brezhnev had called for understanding and support for his initiative in India .
at the conclusion of his speech in new delhi on 10 december brezhnev had called for understanding and support for his [action] in india .

Some weeks after Brezhnev 's initiative a Soviet statement quite explicitly linked it with the new American ’ arc of crisis ‘ strategy .
some weeks after brezhnev 's [action] a soviet statement quite explicitly linked it with the new american ’ arc of crisis ‘ strategy .

Brezhnev 's initiative for the Persian Gulf in all probability was also linked to the broader stalemated negotiations over the demilitarisation of the Indian Ocean .
brezhnev 's [action] for the persian gulf in all probability was also linked to the broader stalemated negotiations over the demilitarisation of the indian ocean .

The Soviet initiative on the Gulf may also have been conceived as an inducement for the key countries of the Persian Gulf and the Arab world to take measures to limit Western military involvement in the region .
the soviet [action] on the gulf may also have been conceived as an inducement for the key countries of the persian gulf and the arab world to take measures to limit western military involvement in the region .

Moscow could also expect Iraqi interest in Brezhnev 's initiative since Baghdad had floated a ‘ Pan-Arab Charter ’ early in 1980 , which inter alia had asserted the need to keep the Gulf free from all superpower bases .
moscow could also expect iraqi interest in brezhnev 's [action] since baghdad had floated a ‘ pan-arab charter ’ early in 1980 , which inter alia had asserted the need to keep the gulf free from all superpower bases .

Soviet writers contended that the Gulf initiative had been ‘ positively appraised by the statesmen of the series of countries of the region of the Indian Ocean as corresponding to the vitally important interests of the developing and non-aligned states ’ .
soviet writers contended that the gulf [action] had been ‘ positively appraised by the statesmen of the series of countries of the region of the indian ocean as corresponding to the vitally important interests of the developing and non-aligned states ’ .

They referred to the opinion of the Indian Foreign Minister that ‘ the Soviet initiative deserved the most fixed and serious attention ’ .
they referred to the opinion of the indian foreign minister that ‘ the soviet [action] deserved the most fixed and serious attention ’ .

It is likely that Gorbachev 's Mediterranean initiative was not intended for serious negotiation .
it is likely that gorbachev 's mediterranean [action] was not intended for serious negotiation .

Soviet leaders have not accepted that the essence of the Brezhnev initiative for the Gulf could be applied to the different strategic and military environment in which Afghanistan lies .
soviet leaders have not accepted that the essence of the brezhnev [action] for the gulf could be applied to the different strategic and military environment in which afghanistan lies .

The reaction of the new Afghan regime to the West European initiative was unequivocally negative .
the reaction of the new afghan regime to the west european [action] was unequivocally negative .

In a television interview in late December 1985 the British Prime Minister , Thatcher , suggested that a revival of the Carrington initiative for international guarantees for Afghanistan 's neutral status ‘ would perhaps be a possible way forward that might be pursued again ’ .
in a television interview in late december 1985 the british prime minister , thatcher , suggested that a revival of the carrington [action] for international guarantees for afghanistan 's neutral status ‘ would perhaps be a possible way forward that might be pursued again ’ .

British Foreign Office officials were quick to caution , however , that these remarks did not mean that Britain was set to launch a new peace initiative .
british foreign office officials were quick to caution , however , that these remarks did not mean that britain was set to launch a new peace [action] .

But intra-regional conflict destroyed this initiative and made Moscow reluctant to repeat this kind of experiment .
but intra-regional conflict destroyed this [action] and made moscow reluctant to repeat this kind of experiment .

This initiative implicitly offered the possibility of a Soviet-American arrangement involving mutual restraints on bases on the Asian mainland and in the Pacific .
this [action] implicitly offered the possibility of a soviet-american arrangement involving mutual restraints on bases on the asian mainland and in the pacific .

Initiative .
[action] .

The theme of decentralisation is one that is pursued further in the Next Steps Initiative .
the theme of decentralisation is one that is pursued further in the next steps [action] .

a step to a further radical initiative ;
a step to a further radical [action] ;

More recent material on the Financial Management Initiative is contained in Gray and Jenkins ( 1985 ) and Metcalfe and Richards ( 1987 ) .
more recent material on the financial management [action] is contained in gray and jenkins ( 1985 ) and metcalfe and richards ( 1987 ) .

Reaction to various types of initiative : internal and external ; ‘ top-down ’ and ‘ bottom-up ’ .
reaction to various types of [action] : internal and external ; ‘ top-down ’ and ‘ bottom-up ’ .

Although all things are not possible all of the time students possess a considerable measure of initiative in programme design .
although all things are not possible all of the time students possess a considerable measure of [action] in programme design .

This is not to imply that areas outside review are inadequate : the ‘ need for institutional change ’ review , which was a Modular Course initiative , revealed no perceptions of urgent need for change in any area of Polytechnic management .
this is not to imply that areas outside review are inadequate : the ‘ need for institutional change ’ review , which was a modular course [action] , revealed no perceptions of urgent need for change in any area of polytechnic management .

John Droege , in his Freight Terminals and Trains of 1912 , also wrote of freight-station masters in heroic terms , ‘ men of the hour , men of initiative and resourcefulness ’ , constantly in ‘ action — consistent , insistent , persistent ’ .
john droege , in his freight terminals and trains of 1912 , also wrote of freight-station masters in heroic terms , ‘ men of the hour , men of [action] and resourcefulness ’ , constantly in ‘ action — consistent , insistent , persistent ’ .

The role of the lawyer or adviser in taking the initiative in identifying problems with which help can be provided becomes important , and it is in this type of work that the law centres have been particularly successful .
the role of the lawyer or adviser in taking the [action] in identifying problems with which help can be provided becomes important , and it is in this type of work that the law centres have been particularly successful .

The real origins of the law centre movement are usually attributed to the publication of pamphlets by the lawyers of the Conservative and Labour parties and the individual initiative of pioneers who became impatient at the slowness of the official bodies to respond to the pressure for change .
the real origins of the law centre movement are usually attributed to the publication of pamphlets by the lawyers of the conservative and labour parties and the individual [action] of pioneers who became impatient at the slowness of the official bodies to respond to the pressure for change .

Since the development of schemes was left to local initiative and was dependent upon the co-operation of the local magistrates ' court , national coverage was patchy and the services offered were variable .
since the development of schemes was left to local [action] and was dependent upon the co-operation of the local magistrates ' court , national coverage was patchy and the services offered were variable .

The Committee further proposed that the Attorney-General should be able to act on his or her own initiative and apply to intervene in an action or to pursue an appeal even where the parties had settled their differences .
the committee further proposed that the attorney-general should be able to act on his or her own [action] and apply to intervene in an action or to pursue an appeal even where the parties had settled their differences .

Had he not assumed the initiative it was feasible she would have given a reason to keep them out .
had he not assumed the [action] it was feasible she would have given a reason to keep them out .

Nearly 700 local children took the initiative on safety last month and earned a certificate from Harwell to prove it !
nearly 700 local children took the [action] on safety last month and earned a certificate from harwell to prove it !

‘ Our final position showed that we had quite a bit of initiative and stamina .
‘ our final position showed that we had quite a bit of [action] and stamina .

The Institute 's Bank Watch initiative is to be championed in the House of commons amid continued concern about the attitude of banks towards the construction industry .
the institute 's bank watch [action] is to be championed in the house of commons amid continued concern about the attitude of banks towards the construction industry .

They are the latest development in an initiative which began in 1975 when a group of industry representatives launched the Site Management Education and Training Scheme .
they are the latest development in an [action] which began in 1975 when a group of industry representatives launched the site management education and training scheme .

Yorkshire Region takes up Playsafe initiative
yorkshire region takes up playsafe [action]

Talking of bank-notes and following Barleycorn 's exclusive revelation of the Corporate Lada Initiative , we can reveal another brilliant money-saver .
talking of bank-notes and following barleycorn 's exclusive revelation of the corporate lada [action] , we can reveal another brilliant money-saver .

‘ We committed ourselves to the City of Edinburgh initiative asking companies to set aside a suitable proportion of the cost of any development to commission new works of art .
‘ we committed ourselves to the city of edinburgh [action] asking companies to set aside a suitable proportion of the cost of any development to commission new works of art .

John Barclay , Deputy Group Chief Executive and Terry Pearson , Senior Securities Adviser , hosted an industry-wide initiative at the Bank 's Lombard Street office when 60 securities specialists met to consider and promote practical ideas to develop a rapid and cost-effective replacement .
john barclay , deputy group chief executive and terry pearson , senior securities adviser , hosted an industry-wide [action] at the bank 's lombard street office when 60 securities specialists met to consider and promote practical ideas to develop a rapid and cost-effective replacement .

This initiative has presented the bank in a very positive way and has generated a great deal of media coverage .
this [action] has presented the bank in a very positive way and has generated a great deal of media coverage .

Greig , a Business Initiative Manager with Project Columbus , learned of his success following publication of the Institute 's 1992 examination results .
greig , a business [action] manager with project columbus , learned of his success following publication of the institute 's 1992 examination results .

Tom McCormack , senior depute director of the Highways Department , has taken part and the initiative has been well supported by all our staff .
tom mccormack , senior depute director of the highways department , has taken part and the [action] has been well supported by all our staff .

‘ We are looking forward to an increased interest in this initiative in future years with the potential to extend the challenge to other local authorities a distinct possibility . ’
‘ we are looking forward to an increased interest in this [action] in future years with the potential to extend the challenge to other local authorities a distinct possibility . ’

Sam Keast , assistant commercial manager , said : ‘ It is an important part of our total quality teamwork initiative .
sam keast , assistant commercial manager , said : ‘ it is an important part of our total quality teamwork [action] .

Only Liverpool and Paris had such schemes in operation at the time , so Edinburgh 's initiative was in the forefront of social policy in the late eighteenth century ! The Asylum taught hand crafts to blind people so they could learn to support themselves .
only liverpool and paris had such schemes in operation at the time , so edinburgh 's [action] was in the forefront of social policy in the late eighteenth century ! the asylum taught hand crafts to blind people so they could learn to support themselves .

The Department of Highways is discussing with Road Safety Training Officers and selected Head Teachers a ‘ Safe Travel to School ’ initiative .
the department of highways is discussing with road safety training officers and selected head teachers a ‘ safe travel to school ’ [action] .

The Police have compiled a list of clubs , organisations and interested bodies and are about to launch a major initiative where such bodies will be visited and the over 60 's seen .
the police have compiled a list of clubs , organisations and interested bodies and are about to launch a major [action] where such bodies will be visited and the over 60 's seen .

It is hoped that a bond will develop in the future with the ‘ Safer Edinburgh ’ initiative as they are targeting the age group in relation to crime prevention .
it is hoped that a bond will develop in the future with the ‘ safer edinburgh ’ [action] as they are targeting the age group in relation to crime prevention .

As part of this initiative , it is planned — with the co-operation of bus operators — to issue guidance notes to all bus drivers of local services .
as part of this [action] , it is planned — with the co-operation of bus operators — to issue guidance notes to all bus drivers of local services .

In this way , the effectiveness of the initiative can be reviewed .
in this way , the effectiveness of the [action] can be reviewed .

This initiative relates to the raw accident , road network and traffic information itself .
this [action] relates to the raw accident , road network and traffic information itself .

the ‘ Safe Travel to School ’ initiative is now in progress
the ‘ safe travel to school ’ [action] is now in progress

Greenways An initiative traffic management system for Edinburgh .
greenways an [action] traffic management system for edinburgh .

Draft Guidelines on ‘ Tir Cymen ’ Initiative
draft guidelines on ‘ tir cymen ’ [action]

Undermining the ‘ Valleys Initiative ’
undermining the ‘ valleys [action] ’

Whatever one may think of the effectiveness of the Valleys Initiative , it has the powerful appeal of historic social justice , since it offers the people of these areas a taste of the quality of life that has been achieved elsewhere through the profits of our industrial past .
whatever one may think of the effectiveness of the valleys [action] , it has the powerful appeal of historic social justice , since it offers the people of these areas a taste of the quality of life that has been achieved elsewhere through the profits of our industrial past .

An example of how expansion of opencast coaling can thwart the deep-rooted desire of coalfield communities to grasp the opportunities being created through the Valleys Initiative to develop a diverse and high quality economy can be seen in the Amman and Gwendraeth valleys .
an example of how expansion of opencast coaling can thwart the deep-rooted desire of coalfield communities to grasp the opportunities being created through the valleys [action] to develop a diverse and high quality economy can be seen in the amman and gwendraeth valleys .

He refers to this list as his ‘ Environment Initiative ’ .
he refers to this list as his ‘ environment [action] ’ .

Since then the initiative has evolved into a major community-wide campaign for action .
since then the [action] has evolved into a major community-wide campaign for action .

Its debut initiative is to preserve 323 hectares south of Brest in Brittany .
its debut [action] is to preserve 323 hectares south of brest in brittany .

The initiative was welcomed by animal-welfare and conservation groups .
the [action] was welcomed by animal-welfare and conservation groups .

The initiative for such quality-related changes arises variously :
the [action] for such quality-related changes arises variously :

One of the farthest-reaching pieces of recycling legislation in Europe , the law was originally passed in November , but implementation has been delayed pending a referendum on even more stringent waste regulations , introduced through a Green Party-backed `` citizens ' initiative `` .
one of the farthest-reaching pieces of recycling legislation in europe , the law was originally passed in november , but implementation has been delayed pending a referendum on even more stringent waste regulations , introduced through a green party-backed `` citizens ' [action] `` .

Californian voters rejected by a two-to-one majority proposition 128 , the citizens ' initiative known as `` Big Green `` .
californian voters rejected by a two-to-one majority proposition 128 , the citizens ' [action] known as `` big green `` .

France takes green initiative
france takes green [action]

There is no comprehensive studies programme , and the country lacks `` environmental initiative `` .
there is no comprehensive studies programme , and the country lacks `` environmental [action] `` .

The initiative will cost 3 billion Canadian dollars ( £1.3 billion ) , and is the result of over 100 separate proposals , involving 40 federal agencies .
the [action] will cost 3 billion canadian dollars ( £1.3 billion ) , and is the result of over 100 separate proposals , involving 40 federal agencies .

Sperber and Wilson would say that it conveys a range of weak implicatures recovered on the hearer 's own initiative .
sperber and wilson would say that it conveys a range of weak implicatures recovered on the hearer 's own [action] .

You wait for the other side to post their part back to you on your client 's purchase , thereby leaving you with the initiative to complete the exchange procedure on your client 's sale , and this you should do immediately .
you wait for the other side to post their part back to you on your client 's purchase , thereby leaving you with the [action] to complete the exchange procedure on your client 's sale , and this you should do immediately .

In later years the initiative passed to the political wing of the Party , although decisions were , of course , ultimately decided by the union vote .
in later years the [action] passed to the political wing of the party , although decisions were , of course , ultimately decided by the union vote .

It was those very firebrand qualities of ruthless daring , initiative and enterprise which had drawn her to him in the first place .
it was those very firebrand qualities of ruthless daring , [action] and enterprise which had drawn her to him in the first place .

In 1981 the concern was with the economic costs of control , with cutting public expenditure and with ‘ freeing ’ private initiative from unnecessary governmental controls .
in 1981 the concern was with the economic costs of control , with cutting public expenditure and with ‘ freeing ’ private [action] from unnecessary governmental controls .

Though it stated its hope that planning authorities would allocate sufficient land , it warned that in some cases it might have to take the initiative and , if local authorities refused planning permission , go to appeal .
though it stated its hope that planning authorities would allocate sufficient land , it warned that in some cases it might have to take the [action] and , if local authorities refused planning permission , go to appeal .

‘ Today you will need ingenuity and initiative .
‘ today you will need ingenuity and [action] .

— ingenuity and initiative .
— ingenuity and [action] .

In addition , we are now into the extension of the Enterprise and Education Initiative which is aimed at strengthening links between schools and employers and is co-funded by the Industry Department for Scotland .
in addition , we are now into the extension of the enterprise and education [action] which is aimed at strengthening links between schools and employers and is co-funded by the industry department for scotland .

Originally , this was proposed as a two-year project but we have been asked to manage the Initiative until March 1991 .
originally , this was proposed as a two-year project but we have been asked to manage the [action] until march 1991 .

By comparison , total expenditure on all forms of regional incentive ( Regional Selective Assistance , Regional Enterprise Grants , Enterprise Initiative Grants and Regional Development Grants ) was only £106m in 1989/90 .
by comparison , total expenditure on all forms of regional incentive ( regional selective assistance , regional enterprise grants , enterprise [action] grants and regional development grants ) was only £106m in 1989/90 .

Enterprise and Education Initiative
enterprise and education [action]

Income from the main revenue earning project , the Enterprise and Education Initiative , also rose slightly and the project has been extended by the Industry Department for Scotland for seven months to 31st March 1991 .
income from the main revenue earning project , the enterprise and education [action] , also rose slightly and the project has been extended by the industry department for scotland for seven months to 31st march 1991 .

The Thatcher government in particular , throughout its terms of office , repeatedly committed itself to cutting the burden of taxation , and thereby to increasing incentives and encouraging enterprise and initiative .
the thatcher government in particular , throughout its terms of office , repeatedly committed itself to cutting the burden of taxation , and thereby to increasing incentives and encouraging enterprise and [action] .

Proposals arising from this initiative are expected from the Commission towards the end of the year .
proposals arising from this [action] are expected from the commission towards the end of the year .

The initiative was subsequently modified and taken forward by Scottish Enterprise .
the [action] was subsequently modified and taken forward by scottish enterprise .

It is expected to be operational with an office in Brussels early next year and although some doubts remain about the scope of the redefined Scotland Europa , the Council has agreed , in principle , to support the initiative .
it is expected to be operational with an office in brussels early next year and although some doubts remain about the scope of the redefined scotland europa , the council has agreed , in principle , to support the [action] .

The Enterprise and Education Initiative
the enterprise and education [action]

This is almost entirely due to the completion of the Enterprise and Education Initiative in March 1991 .
this is almost entirely due to the completion of the enterprise and education [action] in march 1991 .

In their eyes , the Chesters have had plenty of time to come up with solutions , and lacked the initiative .
in their eyes , the chesters have had plenty of time to come up with solutions , and lacked the [action] .

She asked bluntly , ‘ Did you put Dawn up to it or is she acting on her own initiative ?
she asked bluntly , ‘ did you put dawn up to it or is she acting on her own [action] ?

Hell , he could n't even ask , having told her the next time she would have to take the initiative , but if she did n't take it soon he was going to go out of his mind !
hell , he could n't even ask , having told her the next time she would have to take the [action] , but if she did n't take it soon he was going to go out of his mind !

The domain managers ’ role ends at ensuring it is a sufficiently supported initiative to allow it to start .
the domain managers ’ role ends at ensuring it is a sufficiently supported [action] to allow it to start .

Another initiative in the pursuit of speedy access to data for the information client is the gopher ( as in ‘ go for ’ ) system .
another [action] in the pursuit of speedy access to data for the information client is the gopher ( as in ‘ go for ’ ) system .

The Text Encoding Initiative : Towards an Extensible Standard for the Encoding of Texts .
the text encoding [action] : towards an extensible standard for the encoding of texts .

This paper gives a brief introduction to the scope and development of the Text Encoding Initiative 's Recommendations , published in July 1993 .
this paper gives a brief introduction to the scope and development of the text encoding [action] 's recommendations , published in july 1993 .

Whatever the ultimate fate of the Text Encoding Initiative , it does seem as good a place to start as any in making our needs felt .
whatever the ultimate fate of the text encoding [action] , it does seem as good a place to start as any in making our needs felt .

22.1 . The 1991 Census Initiative and the datasets
22.1 . the 1991 census [action] and the datasets

However , in response to demand , an initiative was set up to distribute data from the 1981 Census .
however , in response to demand , an [action] was set up to distribute data from the 1981 census .

The 1991 Census User 's Guide , to be produced under the Census Initiative , and the Census User 's Handbook will be covering these issues in more detail .
the 1991 census user 's guide , to be produced under the census [action] , and the census user 's handbook will be covering these issues in more detail .

Announcing the initiative , Environment Secretary John Gummer warned that if the industry can not satisfy the government that they are moving towards that objective , then `` we will need to move towards a legislative approach `` .
announcing the [action] , environment secretary john gummer warned that if the industry can not satisfy the government that they are moving towards that objective , then `` we will need to move towards a legislative approach `` .

The development was originally envisaged as a private enterprise initiative .
the development was originally envisaged as a private enterprise [action] .

The measures are centred round a three-year `` global technology partnership initiative `` , which will help British companies to assist their counterparts in the developing world `` to bypass old technologies and move straight onto cleaner processes `` .
the measures are centred round a three-year `` global technology partnership [action] `` , which will help british companies to assist their counterparts in the developing world `` to bypass old technologies and move straight onto cleaner processes `` .

The Russian armed forces have set up an `` environmental protection directorate `` , on the initiative of the Environment Ministry .
the russian armed forces have set up an `` environmental protection directorate `` , on the [action] of the environment ministry .

Clinton 's initiative followed an unprecedented conference held in Portland , Oregon , and involving both the President , the Vice-President , Al Gore , Cabinet officials , loggers , timber executives , fishermen , scientists and conservationists .
clinton 's [action] followed an unprecedented conference held in portland , oregon , and involving both the president , the vice-president , al gore , cabinet officials , loggers , timber executives , fishermen , scientists and conservationists .

Following the agreement , Spain withdrew its veto on a major initiative on the conservation of natural habitats [ see under Conservation : Land ] .
following the agreement , spain withdrew its veto on a major [action] on the conservation of natural habitats [ see under conservation : land ] .

Waechter , the party 's moving force since its foundation in 1984 , was the only member of the leadership not to condemn the initiative , which was supported by 18 per cent of delegates at the meeting .
waechter , the party 's moving force since its foundation in 1984 , was the only member of the leadership not to condemn the [action] , which was supported by 18 per cent of delegates at the meeting .

" Caring for the Earth " initiative launched
" caring for the earth " [action] launched

Top companies in energy-saving initiative
top companies in energy-saving [action]

The initiative , based on ideas introduced by the Inter-Continental group , focuses on areas such as energy-saving heating , recycling waste and buying eco-friendly products .
the [action] , based on ideas introduced by the inter-continental group , focuses on areas such as energy-saving heating , recycling waste and buying eco-friendly products .

The Ecological Bricks Initiative will create new parks in Finland , Poland , Germany , the Czech Republic , Slovakia , Austria , Hungary , Albania and Bulgaria on unspoilt natural habits , many of them former military training grounds , now threatened by development .
the ecological bricks [action] will create new parks in finland , poland , germany , the czech republic , slovakia , austria , hungary , albania and bulgaria on unspoilt natural habits , many of them former military training grounds , now threatened by development .

And since extraction for horticulture currently presents the main threat to the bogs , it calls for a major initiative to encourage the use of peat-free growing media and soil conditions .
and since extraction for horticulture currently presents the main threat to the bogs , it calls for a major [action] to encourage the use of peat-free growing media and soil conditions .

Former Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev is to head the newly-established `` Green Cross `` , an organization set up at his own initiative with the aim of being an environmental equivalent of the Red Cross .
former soviet president mikhail gorbachev is to head the newly-established `` green cross `` , an organization set up at his own [action] with the aim of being an environmental equivalent of the red cross .

We appeal to you to provide generous sponsorship for this initiative by the Drs Maggie and Anthony Barker .
we appeal to you to provide generous sponsorship for this [action] by the drs maggie and anthony barker .

In Britain , it has been trade unions , rather than manufacturers , purchasers and governments , who have taken the initiative in discussing the ergonomic design and installation of VDUs .
in britain , it has been trade unions , rather than manufacturers , purchasers and governments , who have taken the [action] in discussing the ergonomic design and installation of vdus .

For the layout of the building was intended to afford not simply close control over the movement of personnel , stocks and materials : it was also designed to curtail the initiative and discretion of individual occupants by centralising information and control at the top ( Hume , 1981 p 6 ) .
for the layout of the building was intended to afford not simply close control over the movement of personnel , stocks and materials : it was also designed to curtail the [action] and discretion of individual occupants by centralising information and control at the top ( hume , 1981 p 6 ) .

Their installation accords with the principles of the Panopticon both by facilitating the flow of information to supervisory staff and by curtailing the initiative and discretion of individual building occupants .
their installation accords with the principles of the panopticon both by facilitating the flow of information to supervisory staff and by curtailing the [action] and discretion of individual building occupants .

But when a Scottish defector from Edwards army arrived with reports of the miserable morale of the English and exhorted him with the words ‘ Now 's the time and now 's the hour ’ , he again decided to take the initiative .
but when a scottish defector from edwards army arrived with reports of the miserable morale of the english and exhorted him with the words ‘ now 's the time and now 's the hour ’ , he again decided to take the [action] .

In the local press we read ever more frequently about another ‘ new ’ initiative to create jobs , or yet another new building , specially designed to house purpose-built work units .
in the local press we read ever more frequently about another ‘ new ’ [action] to create jobs , or yet another new building , specially designed to house purpose-built work units .

If a project is a genuine community-based initiative creating jobs and providing a service for the community , and if its management and accounts are in order , it is utterly unacceptable that it should not receive funding on the basis of its alleged political associations .
if a project is a genuine community-based [action] creating jobs and providing a service for the community , and if its management and accounts are in order , it is utterly unacceptable that it should not receive funding on the basis of its alleged political associations .

The partnership is that the public sector provides funding — on a contracted , targeted basis — but the voluntary group provides the policy , the strategy design , the management skills and administration of the initiative .
the partnership is that the public sector provides funding — on a contracted , targeted basis — but the voluntary group provides the policy , the strategy design , the management skills and administration of the [action] .

Glenand was set up almost eleven years ago on the initiative of a group of local people to service the community , to provide jobs for local people and to provide training for young people in the Andersonstown and Glen Road areas ( hence the name — Glen And ) .
glenand was set up almost eleven years ago on the [action] of a group of local people to service the community , to provide jobs for local people and to provide training for young people in the andersonstown and glen road areas ( hence the name — glen and ) .

This question was the principal focus of Obair 's first Briefing Paper on the Making Belfast Work initiative which we issued last September ( and which is available at this conference ) .
this question was the principal focus of obair 's first briefing paper on the making belfast work [action] which we issued last september ( and which is available at this conference ) .

Regarding international aid , we might want to observe that the International Fund for Ireland has only recently produced a ‘ disadvantaged areas initiative ’ .
regarding international aid , we might want to observe that the international fund for ireland has only recently produced a ‘ disadvantaged areas [action] ’ .

Brownlow was felt by many in the group to be typical of government sponsored community economic development initiatives in that it was unrepresentative of local people in so far as local people felt excluded from the processes that were happening , even though substantial resources were being made available through the initiative .
brownlow was felt by many in the group to be typical of government sponsored community economic development initiatives in that it was unrepresentative of local people in so far as local people felt excluded from the processes that were happening , even though substantial resources were being made available through the [action] .

The example of Ballymurphy Knitwear is apposite — a community initiative which failed because of inadequate resourcing and government support for the manifest will to work which the women involved displayed .
the example of ballymurphy knitwear is apposite — a community [action] which failed because of inadequate resourcing and government support for the manifest will to work which the women involved displayed .

The group then discussed community economic development models other than or in addition to the private enterprise model , particularly the community cooperative business approach as exemplified in the Community Business Scotland initiative .
the group then discussed community economic development models other than or in addition to the private enterprise model , particularly the community cooperative business approach as exemplified in the community business scotland [action] .

The Making Belfast Work initiative is said to be the centre of economic development policy in West Belfast .
the making belfast work [action] is said to be the centre of economic development policy in west belfast .

Is the Making Belfast Work initiative simply a lot of hype and nothing else ?
is the making belfast work [action] simply a lot of hype and nothing else ?

Although the Disability Resource project is funded under the Making Belfast Work initiative , this is a very small and indirect approach .
although the disability resource project is funded under the making belfast work [action] , this is a very small and indirect approach .

It was based on the initiative of God .
it was based on the [action] of god .

In every instance God takes the initiative — this is no agreement between equal parties .
in every instance god takes the [action] — this is no agreement between equal parties .

If the initiative did not come from their mother it is hard to see either Richard , at fifteen , or Geoffrey , at fourteen , being persuaded to rebel by a man behind the scenes .
if the [action] did not come from their mother it is hard to see either richard , at fifteen , or geoffrey , at fourteen , being persuaded to rebel by a man behind the scenes .

Characteristically he seized the initiative himself , launching a surprise attack on Puy-St-Front , the Count of Périgord 's fortress at Périgueux , on 11 April 1182 .
characteristically he seized the [action] himself , launching a surprise attack on puy-st-front , the count of périgord 's fortress at périgueux , on 11 april 1182 .

John was still only sixteen years old soft is probable that the real initiative for the invasion came from the unscrupulous Geoffrey , now apparently restored to his duchy ; Richard and Geoffrey had been formally reconciled in the summer of 1183 but the memory of the struggle for Limoges obviously still rankled .
john was still only sixteen years old soft is probable that the real [action] for the invasion came from the unscrupulous geoffrey , now apparently restored to his duchy ; richard and geoffrey had been formally reconciled in the summer of 1183 but the memory of the struggle for limoges obviously still rankled .

Although Richard claimed that he took this initiative in the hope of bringing about peace so that the crusade could get under way , his father objected strongly , presumably on the grounds that the general position of the Angevins would be weakened if they admitted the principle that their disputes could be settled in their overlord 's court .
although richard claimed that he took this [action] in the hope of bringing about peace so that the crusade could get under way , his father objected strongly , presumably on the grounds that the general position of the angevins would be weakened if they admitted the principle that their disputes could be settled in their overlord 's court .

‘ Britain has returned to the lead in the global swing towards free economies and pro-growth policies based on individual initiative . ’ ( Wall Street Journal , after ‘ 88 Budget 16 March 1988 )
‘ britain has returned to the lead in the global swing towards free economies and pro-growth policies based on individual [action] . ’ ( wall street journal , after ‘ 88 budget 16 march 1988 )

There is more initiative .
there is more [action] .

’ In regard to his relations with the Vietnamese de Lattre claimed that Bao Dai was the ablest statesman in Vietnam ; but perhaps rather spoilt things by adding that there had been several recent instances when Bao Dai ‘ had showed the proper co-operative spirit and , in some cases , even initiative ’ .
’ in regard to his relations with the vietnamese de lattre claimed that bao dai was the ablest statesman in vietnam ; but perhaps rather spoilt things by adding that there had been several recent instances when bao dai ‘ had showed the proper co-operative spirit and , in some cases , even [action] ’ .

They tried to give us to our ancient enemies in 1912 , 1974 , 1985 and now we 've had the ‘ Brooke initiative ’ which was another attempt by Westminster to be rid of us .
they tried to give us to our ancient enemies in 1912 , 1974 , 1985 and now we 've had the ‘ brooke [action] ’ which was another attempt by westminster to be rid of us .

They accused Roosevelt of moving towards socialism , and of destroying initiative and self-reliance .
they accused roosevelt of moving towards socialism , and of destroying [action] and self-reliance .

General MacArthur and Admiral Nimitz , Commander-in-Chief of the Pacific fleet , devised the technique of `` island hopping `` in order to regain the initiative in the Pacific .
general macarthur and admiral nimitz , commander-in-chief of the pacific fleet , devised the technique of `` island hopping `` in order to regain the [action] in the pacific .

Entrepreneurial initiative
entrepreneurial [action]

Entrepreneurial initiative is seeking out and seizing profitable opportunities
entrepreneurial [action] is seeking out and seizing profitable opportunities

He encourages initiative , new ideas .
he encourages [action] , new ideas .

That 's entrepreneurial initiative .
that 's entrepreneurial [action] .

That 's entrepreneurial initiative .
that 's entrepreneurial [action] .

Convention stifles creativity and initiative .
convention stifles creativity and [action] .

The Profitboss encourages unconventional ways of making profit , encouraging his people to be creative and take initiative .
the profitboss encourages unconventional ways of making profit , encouraging his people to be creative and take [action] .

You 'll be surprised how people will welcome your initiative , and how profitable it will be .
you 'll be surprised how people will welcome your [action] , and how profitable it will be .

There 's absolutely nothing to be ashamed of , and the very fact that you 've confronted your fears , faced up to your problem and sough help on your own initiative shows that you 're strong enough to make a full recovery .
there 's absolutely nothing to be ashamed of , and the very fact that you 've confronted your fears , faced up to your problem and sough help on your own [action] shows that you 're strong enough to make a full recovery .

New Zealand artists take the initiative at Expo
new zealand artists take the [action] at expo

Not only that , but he went for a few shots , bravely teasing back the initiative from Mushtaq and Waqar .
not only that , but he went for a few shots , bravely teasing back the [action] from mushtaq and waqar .

The initiative for the women 's group came out of a seminar on ‘ Women and Mass Media ’ , which was organised by the Joint Women 's Programme , 22–24 August .
the [action] for the women 's group came out of a seminar on ‘ women and mass media ’ , which was organised by the joint women 's programme , 22–24 august .

taking the initiative in providing materials on human rights charters and conventions in local languages and in different appropriate places , institutions and fora ;
taking the [action] in providing materials on human rights charters and conventions in local languages and in different appropriate places , institutions and fora ;

The initiative was not continued , but it now looks as if a new partner has been found in the shape of the Venice Soprintendenza .
the [action] was not continued , but it now looks as if a new partner has been found in the shape of the venice soprintendenza .

Alongside this initiative , an international committee will preside over the fate of the whole Bibliothèque Nationale des Arts ( of which the Doucet collection will form one part ) .
alongside this [action] , an international committee will preside over the fate of the whole bibliothèque nationale des arts ( of which the doucet collection will form one part ) .

The Unidroit convention ( for which the initiative was taken by Mussolini , thus making it older than Unesco , which at times performs a similar task ) , concerns itself with the legal aspects of stolen and illegally exported works of art .
the unidroit convention ( for which the [action] was taken by mussolini , thus making it older than unesco , which at times performs a similar task ) , concerns itself with the legal aspects of stolen and illegally exported works of art .

Doubtless the revival of private initiative in the economy will have its own consequences and provide enlightened assistance for its own culture .
doubtless the revival of private [action] in the economy will have its own consequences and provide enlightened assistance for its own culture .

Subsequently , on the initiative of Mark Boyle , the international sculptor who exhibits as part of ‘ The Boyle Family ’ , the proposal was accepted in principle by the Arts Council of Great Britain .
subsequently , on the [action] of mark boyle , the international sculptor who exhibits as part of ‘ the boyle family ’ , the proposal was accepted in principle by the arts council of great britain .

The Minister welcomed the initiative already shown by the Tadchester Industrial Development Centre in attracting five new companies and 600 jobs to the area in the first four weeks of the scheme .
the minister welcomed the [action] already shown by the tadchester industrial development centre in attracting five new companies and 600 jobs to the area in the first four weeks of the scheme .

Far from being … a system that makes things easy … it is one that demands the greatest effort and initiative … but in such a way that is within reach of all .
far from being … a system that makes things easy … it is one that demands the greatest effort and [action] … but in such a way that is within reach of all .

The issues are probably too complex to be adequately dealt with here , but the government should certainly give Gorbachev 's initiative every encouragement because it seems to be in this country 's own long-term interests .
the issues are probably too complex to be adequately dealt with here , but the government should certainly give gorbachev 's [action] every encouragement because it seems to be in this country 's own long-term interests .

According to the Crowland chronicler , the settlement was the result of an initiative by the queen and there is no reason to doubt this .
according to the crowland chronicler , the settlement was the result of an [action] by the queen and there is no reason to doubt this .

Chroniclers are undecided as to who took the initiative in joining forces , but all are clear that once the two dukes had met at Northampton , Buckingham became Gloucester 's alter ego .
chroniclers are undecided as to who took the [action] in joining forces , but all are clear that once the two dukes had met at northampton , buckingham became gloucester 's alter ego .

To encourage such savings further , partly on Gladstone 's initiative , the Post Office Savings Bank opened in 1863 .
to encourage such savings further , partly on gladstone 's [action] , the post office savings bank opened in 1863 .

Municipal autonomy and initiative indeed reached a peak by 1900 , thereafter , as we shall see , enthusiasm fast diminished and central government authority advanced .
municipal autonomy and [action] indeed reached a peak by 1900 , thereafter , as we shall see , enthusiasm fast diminished and central government authority advanced .

The government went some way towards implementing some of the measures the Reports proposed in common , due largely to Winston Churchill 's initiative .
the government went some way towards implementing some of the measures the reports proposed in common , due largely to winston churchill 's [action] .

The Agency will be a main focus of initiative for matters relating to health and safety at work . Its principal functions are :
the agency will be a main focus of [action] for matters relating to health and safety at work . its principal functions are :

The Branch also monitors and co-ordinates the Agency 's contribution to the making Belfast work and Londonderry regeneration initiative programmes .
the branch also monitors and co-ordinates the agency 's contribution to the making belfast work and londonderry regeneration [action] programmes .

State provision , local parental initiative , private arrangements ) , as well as variations in the resources available to ensure a high quality of care and education .
state provision , local parental [action] , private arrangements ) , as well as variations in the resources available to ensure a high quality of care and education .

Self-directed learning is a core feature of Project 2000 courses , and could be enhanced by encouraging students to take the initiative in identifying their own learning needs in association with the teacher/ practitioner .
self-directed learning is a core feature of project 2000 courses , and could be enhanced by encouraging students to take the [action] in identifying their own learning needs in association with the teacher/ practitioner .

You appealed to his initiative , intelligence and commonsense .
you appealed to his [action] , intelligence and commonsense .

Once introduced , always at the initiative of the Government , Criminal Justice Bills are rolling stones gathering accretions as they travel down the Westminster hillside towards their final destination on the statute book .
once introduced , always at the [action] of the government , criminal justice bills are rolling stones gathering accretions as they travel down the westminster hillside towards their final destination on the statute book .

The initiative in convening meetings at intervals of every two or three months was taken by David Faulkner while an Under-Secretary at the Prison Department in 1981 , and continued during the eight years he was the Deputy Under-Secretary of State in charge of the Criminal and Statistical Departments and the Research and Planning Unit at the Home Office from 1982–90 .
the [action] in convening meetings at intervals of every two or three months was taken by david faulkner while an under-secretary at the prison department in 1981 , and continued during the eight years he was the deputy under-secretary of state in charge of the criminal and statistical departments and the research and planning unit at the home office from 1982–90 .

Here the initiative rests squarely with the Government , in the person of the Home Secretary as the Minister in charge of the sponsoring department .
here the [action] rests squarely with the government , in the person of the home secretary as the minister in charge of the sponsoring department .

While policy is in the formative stages there is a constant worry over how a particular initiative , or response to a crisis , will appear in the mass media .
while policy is in the formative stages there is a constant worry over how a particular [action] , or response to a crisis , will appear in the mass media .

In putting through Parliament the Law Commissions Act 1965 he created separate Law Commissions for England and Wales , and for Scotland , each with a seconded High Court judge as chairman , and a staff of qualified lawyers and others with the obligation to investigate particular questions referred to it , or on its own initiative to conduct a regular programme of inquiry into the general state of the law or any particular question , civil or criminal , which they chose to select .
in putting through parliament the law commissions act 1965 he created separate law commissions for england and wales , and for scotland , each with a seconded high court judge as chairman , and a staff of qualified lawyers and others with the obligation to investigate particular questions referred to it , or on its own [action] to conduct a regular programme of inquiry into the general state of the law or any particular question , civil or criminal , which they chose to select .

Neither the Cabinet Office , nor the three responsible Ministers : the Home Secretary , the Lord Chancellor and the Attorney General , were party to the initiative , except in the sense of agreeing to the holding of regular meetings by their senior officials .
neither the cabinet office , nor the three responsible ministers : the home secretary , the lord chancellor and the attorney general , were party to the [action] , except in the sense of agreeing to the holding of regular meetings by their senior officials .

The initiative does not rest with me or with the Home Office .
the [action] does not rest with me or with the home office .

There are , of course , objections to the proposal that the Government should not take the initiative in this matter .
there are , of course , objections to the proposal that the government should not take the [action] in this matter .

Unless , therefore , we decide to resist the proposal , however strong may be its supporters in the House of Commons , there is much to be said for taking the initiative and inserting in the Bill , as introduced , a clause for the abolition of the death penalty .
unless , therefore , we decide to resist the proposal , however strong may be its supporters in the house of commons , there is much to be said for taking the [action] and inserting in the bill , as introduced , a clause for the abolition of the death penalty .

Official policy was swinging back towards the model of a freer-standing organization , in the shape of an agency fashioned under the Government 's ‘ Next Steps ’ initiative :
official policy was swinging back towards the model of a freer-standing organization , in the shape of an agency fashioned under the government 's ‘ next steps ’ [action] :

At the initiative of the Lord Chief Justice , Lord Parker of Waddington , who , unlike his predecessor in 1948 , had voted for abolition , the Lords debated at Committee stage whether the penalty of life imprisonment for murder should be mandatory or discretionary .
at the [action] of the lord chief justice , lord parker of waddington , who , unlike his predecessor in 1948 , had voted for abolition , the lords debated at committee stage whether the penalty of life imprisonment for murder should be mandatory or discretionary .

In Parliament Jenkins , whose personal initiative it was , had taken the precaution of conferring in advance with the Conservative front bench spokesman on Home Affairs in advance .
in parliament jenkins , whose personal [action] it was , had taken the precaution of conferring in advance with the conservative front bench spokesman on home affairs in advance .

The design and building of a series of new prisons and detention centres , the first comprehensive programme since Victorian times , was embarked upon following Butler 's initiative , but after the early stages fell prey to cutbacks for economic reasons .
the design and building of a series of new prisons and detention centres , the first comprehensive programme since victorian times , was embarked upon following butler 's [action] , but after the early stages fell prey to cutbacks for economic reasons .

Prices and conditions were so controlled that there was little scope for initiative .
prices and conditions were so controlled that there was little scope for [action] .

Arriving at Le Caillou , Napoleon found that Maj Duuring of the First Chasseurs , guarding the baggage , had taken the initiative and sent it on towards Cherleroi .
arriving at le caillou , napoleon found that maj duuring of the first chasseurs , guarding the baggage , had taken the [action] and sent it on towards cherleroi .

When the full force of competition hits , it is desperately hard to recover your company , set the new tempo that is required , and seize the initiative back from the .
when the full force of competition hits , it is desperately hard to recover your company , set the new tempo that is required , and seize the [action] back from the .

In such an organization you feel hemmed in by people who can refuse you permission to do something or who are only waiting to jump all over you if you appear to be taking the initiative , or achieving something which even they may recognize as being highly desirable , in ‘ the wrong way ’ .
in such an organization you feel hemmed in by people who can refuse you permission to do something or who are only waiting to jump all over you if you appear to be taking the [action] , or achieving something which even they may recognize as being highly desirable , in ‘ the wrong way ’ .

As you can imagine , the receptionist in this situation will require patience , self-control , initiative , resourcefulness , understanding and persuasiveness .
as you can imagine , the receptionist in this situation will require patience , self-control , [action] , resourcefulness , understanding and persuasiveness .

The most common reply was that the initiative offered an opportunity to be independent .
the most common reply was that the [action] offered an opportunity to be independent .

These findings offer some encouragement to the proponents of the fundholding initiative .
these findings offer some encouragement to the proponents of the fundholding [action] .

The family health services authority and health authority met with social services at the end of January to explain community care funding , but will this have come in time to save this local initiative ? Clearly , the community care fund will require the active participation of both social service departments and the family health services authority and health authority in these community ventures .
the family health services authority and health authority met with social services at the end of january to explain community care funding , but will this have come in time to save this local [action] ? clearly , the community care fund will require the active participation of both social service departments and the family health services authority and health authority in these community ventures .

Mr Robert Maxwell suggests that some aspects of the successful ambulatory care initiative in New York could be adapted by the capital 's primary care providers while the secondary services might learn from the rationalisation of specialist services in Paris .
mr robert maxwell suggests that some aspects of the successful ambulatory care [action] in new york could be adapted by the capital 's primary care providers while the secondary services might learn from the rationalisation of specialist services in paris .

Success of ambulatory initiative
success of ambulatory [action]

Nevertheless , there have been successes , particularly in the 1980s with a major initiative to enhance the quality and effectiveness of the ambulatory — that is , non-inpatient — care provided by the municipal hospitals and clinics .
nevertheless , there have been successes , particularly in the 1980s with a major [action] to enhance the quality and effectiveness of the ambulatory — that is , non-inpatient — care provided by the municipal hospitals and clinics .

The goals of its ambulatory care initiative were to improve access — for example , by maximising the hours when clinics were open and linking them closely to back up services in the hospitals , increasing the comprehensiveness of care on offer , improving continuity ( by linking regular attenders to an identified primary care team ) , and making the management of the clinics more autonomous and more accountable .
the goals of its ambulatory care [action] were to improve access — for example , by maximising the hours when clinics were open and linking them closely to back up services in the hospitals , increasing the comprehensiveness of care on offer , improving continuity ( by linking regular attenders to an identified primary care team ) , and making the management of the clinics more autonomous and more accountable .

Thirdly , there are examples of real progress being made — for example , the ambulatory care initiative by the Health and Hospitals Corporation in New York , and the national development of specialist services in the Assistance Publique system in Paris .
thirdly , there are examples of real progress being made — for example , the ambulatory care [action] by the health and hospitals corporation in new york , and the national development of specialist services in the assistance publique system in paris .

In crisis situations , the initiative inevitably rests with the executive — it is the president who authorizes immediate military responses and in so doing he may not be as carefully respectful of the Constitution as some purists would like .
in crisis situations , the [action] inevitably rests with the executive — it is the president who authorizes immediate military responses and in so doing he may not be as carefully respectful of the constitution as some purists would like .

Progressive reforms dating from the beginning of the twentieth century such as the presidential preference primary , the direct primary , cross filing , the initiative and the referendum had long since destroyed party machines and undermined the power of party bosses .
progressive reforms dating from the beginning of the twentieth century such as the presidential preference primary , the direct primary , cross filing , the [action] and the referendum had long since destroyed party machines and undermined the power of party bosses .

The initiative in budgetary matters rests mainly with the president , but , once he has submitted his proposals , they can not become law until they have obtained Congressional approval .
the [action] in budgetary matters rests mainly with the president , but , once he has submitted his proposals , they can not become law until they have obtained congressional approval .

Other evidence of the Democrats in the House surrendering the initiative to the White House is to be seen in the actions of the Budget Committee .
other evidence of the democrats in the house surrendering the [action] to the white house is to be seen in the actions of the budget committee .

Serfdom stifled both collective and individual initiative among the peasantry .
serfdom stifled both collective and individual [action] among the peasantry .

Nor was there much room for individual initiative .
nor was there much room for individual [action] .

Conditions would become more conducive to entrepreneurial initiative , capital accumulation , the division of labour , technological innovation , and industrialization .
conditions would become more conducive to entrepreneurial [action] , capital accumulation , the division of labour , technological innovation , and industrialization .

Equally , the extension of the traditional practice of periodic redistribution of the land between households continued to militate against individual initiative .
equally , the extension of the traditional practice of periodic redistribution of the land between households continued to militate against individual [action] .

Moreover , the process of organizing Emancipation had given the initiative within the central bureaucracy to a minority of officials who were enthusiastic about a broad programme of reform .
moreover , the process of organizing emancipation had given the [action] within the central bureaucracy to a minority of officials who were enthusiastic about a broad programme of reform .

The initiative moved firmly back into the hands of more conservative forces within the government .
the [action] moved firmly back into the hands of more conservative forces within the government .

As the new legislation came into force the government 's concern to limit the scope for independent initiative was further intensified .
as the new legislation came into force the government 's concern to limit the scope for independent [action] was further intensified .

In central Asia local commanders had taken the initiative in extending the Empire over vast areas defended only by relatively weak local tribes .
in central asia local commanders had taken the [action] in extending the empire over vast areas defended only by relatively weak local tribes .

This enabled them to seize the initiative at the turn of the century and ally the zemstvos ever more closely with the broader liberal and constitutional movement .
this enabled them to seize the [action] at the turn of the century and ally the zemstvos ever more closely with the broader liberal and constitutional movement .

‘ We 've all seen this initiative stymied far too long ’ , Senator said about her bill , co-sponsored by Senator .
‘ we 've all seen this [action] stymied far too long ’ , senator said about her bill , co-sponsored by senator .

’ While locality links are planned to aid general practitioners ' involvement a major thrust of this initiative is to allocate the district budget to individual practices on an indicative basis .
’ while locality links are planned to aid general practitioners ' involvement a major thrust of this [action] is to allocate the district budget to individual practices on an indicative basis .

In England £0.25 million has been allocated in 1992 to fund preliminary voluntary sector work in support of the Health of the Nation initiative .
in england £0.25 million has been allocated in 1992 to fund preliminary voluntary sector work in support of the health of the nation [action] .

One especially effective initiative was a decision of the recruitment and training staff to turn themselves into an in house outplacement centre .
one especially effective [action] was a decision of the recruitment and training staff to turn themselves into an in house outplacement centre .

Ideologically , a dynamic small firm sector may be said to reflect the opportunities capitalism offers to those prepared to display individual initiative , self-sacrifice and dedication to hard work .
ideologically , a dynamic small firm sector may be said to reflect the opportunities capitalism offers to those prepared to display individual [action] , self-sacrifice and dedication to hard work .

How much pupil initiative was displayed ?
how much pupil [action] was displayed ?

3 There needs to be a major initiative to raise consciousness about the nature of writing and written text .
3 there needs to be a major [action] to raise consciousness about the nature of writing and written text .

Margaret Meek and a group of teachers ( Meek , 1983 ) made a longitudinal study of the interaction between themselves and older backward readers , and came to the conclusion that the greatest progress was made when the teachers managed to pass the `` initiative for learning `` over to the pupils , despite the fact that they were self-confirmed `` failures `` .
margaret meek and a group of teachers ( meek , 1983 ) made a longitudinal study of the interaction between themselves and older backward readers , and came to the conclusion that the greatest progress was made when the teachers managed to pass the `` [action] for learning `` over to the pupils , despite the fact that they were self-confirmed `` failures `` .

The initiative still lies with governments , parties , political leaders .
the [action] still lies with governments , parties , political leaders .

Other learning outcomes not previously acknowledged , explicitly include personal and social characteristics such as initiative , self-confidence and the ability to work with others .
other learning outcomes not previously acknowledged , explicitly include personal and social characteristics such as [action] , self-confidence and the ability to work with others .

Another important initiative by this French government agency includes its support for a series of television films made by the distinguished director Agnes Varda .
another important [action] by this french government agency includes its support for a series of television films made by the distinguished director agnes varda .

He combines a pleasant personality with news-seeking initiative , and delights in special interviews , `` wrote Monty , considerately forgetting my little dust-up with the Bishop of Exeter .
he combines a pleasant personality with news-seeking [action] , and delights in special interviews , `` wrote monty , considerately forgetting my little dust-up with the bishop of exeter .

When he was no more than fourteen , he wrote on his own initiative to every domestic airline . ``
when he was no more than fourteen , he wrote on his own [action] to every domestic airline . ``

You will need to cooperate with them without losing the initiative .
you will need to cooperate with them without losing the [action] .

Over her supine body Andrew and Horatia 's eyes met and she took the initiative , knowing she had to get the better of the marquis straight away .
over her supine body andrew and horatia 's eyes met and she took the [action] , knowing she had to get the better of the marquis straight away .

The background to the Essex initiative is described in the first annual report for 1981–1982 ( Taylor , 1983 ) as follows :
the background to the essex [action] is described in the first annual report for 1981–1982 ( taylor , 1983 ) as follows :

During 1983 , with a year of the project accomplished , the Coordinating Team began to consider the desirability of thoroughly evaluating the initiative .
during 1983 , with a year of the project accomplished , the coordinating team began to consider the desirability of thoroughly evaluating the [action] .

No doubt part of the de facto authority enjoyed by this person is due to the fact that her predecessor provided much of the vision and dedication which lay behind the original initiative .
no doubt part of the de facto authority enjoyed by this person is due to the fact that her predecessor provided much of the vision and dedication which lay behind the original [action] .

In this report we have attempted to evaluate a major initiative in the promotion of curriculum-related library provision in secondary schools in one local authority .
in this report we have attempted to evaluate a major [action] in the promotion of curriculum-related library provision in secondary schools in one local authority .

We conclude that a project such as this needs to strike the right balance between , on the one hand setting criteria and a code of practice which wills structure and direct developments in participating institutions , and , on the other , permitting each institution appropriate independence and room for initiative and discretion .
we conclude that a project such as this needs to strike the right balance between , on the one hand setting criteria and a code of practice which wills structure and direct developments in participating institutions , and , on the other , permitting each institution appropriate independence and room for [action] and discretion .

We have noted repeatedly the extremely valuable contribution made by the DCSLs , have pointed to the under-representation of the inspectorate and the advisory service in the project 's implementation , and have indicated the lack of coordination and initiative in the inservice phase of the project .
we have noted repeatedly the extremely valuable contribution made by the dcsls , have pointed to the under-representation of the inspectorate and the advisory service in the project 's implementation , and have indicated the lack of coordination and [action] in the inservice phase of the project .

Just as the Boston Compact engendered the London Compact , the London Compact has inspired the nationwide Compacts Initiative launched by the Training Agency .
just as the boston compact engendered the london compact , the london compact has inspired the nationwide compacts [action] launched by the training agency .

It is important that the Compact Partnership exists at senior levels in Education and Industry so that a clear understanding of the value , purpose , and potential of the initiative permeates all the institutions involved , and so that staff at all levels are positively encouraged to offer their support .
it is important that the compact partnership exists at senior levels in education and industry so that a clear understanding of the value , purpose , and potential of the [action] permeates all the institutions involved , and so that staff at all levels are positively encouraged to offer their support .

There is considerable interest amongst employers in the Compact initiative .
there is considerable interest amongst employers in the compact [action] .

Since Compact is an Employment and Training Initiative it is likely that the evolving Partnership between Education and Industry will focus on job-seeking skills for those pupils seeking work .
since compact is an employment and training [action] it is likely that the evolving partnership between education and industry will focus on job-seeking skills for those pupils seeking work .

Compact can be regarded as an equal opportunities initiative .
compact can be regarded as an equal opportunities [action] .

Compact is a whole school initiative that can only succeed with the support and commitment of everyone .
compact is a whole school [action] that can only succeed with the support and commitment of everyone .

18 . Does the Compact initiative conflict with the aims and objectives of records of achievement ?
18 . does the compact [action] conflict with the aims and objectives of records of achievement ?

Compact is a separate initiative which has no direct relationship with any Examination Board .
compact is a separate [action] which has no direct relationship with any examination board .

Since Compact is both an Educational and Employment initiative there are clear advantages in appointing co-directors from Education and Industry .
since compact is both an educational and employment [action] there are clear advantages in appointing co-directors from education and industry .

The Teachers ' unions support the initiative , while recognising their responsibility to ensure that Compacts are of educational value , and that they enhance existing educational provision .
the teachers ' unions support the [action] , while recognising their responsibility to ensure that compacts are of educational value , and that they enhance existing educational provision .

15 . Are Compacts an employer-led initiative ?
15 . are compacts an employer-led [action] ?

The number of 18-year-olds will continue to decline for many years to come , so it will require an unprecedented management initiative to offset the effects of staffing levels if services are to be maintained , never mind increased , to meet the aspirations of the current strategic plans .
the number of 18-year-olds will continue to decline for many years to come , so it will require an unprecedented management [action] to offset the effects of staffing levels if services are to be maintained , never mind increased , to meet the aspirations of the current strategic plans .

Our central initiative has been to urge that Labour , with others , should mobilise a major national demonstration , plus cultural activities , that would provide a unifying focus for campaigners .
our central [action] has been to urge that labour , with others , should mobilise a major national demonstration , plus cultural activities , that would provide a unifying focus for campaigners .

But an integrated set of policies of this nature is impossible in a period of political paralysis , because ( a ) nobody will take the initiative to devise it , and ( b ) nobody will take responsibility for implementing it .
but an integrated set of policies of this nature is impossible in a period of political paralysis , because ( a ) nobody will take the [action] to devise it , and ( b ) nobody will take responsibility for implementing it .

If this particular combination of sonatas suits your needs , you can be assured of strong , expressive , and detailed readings , with excellent violin intonation and plenty of initiative from the pianist .
if this particular combination of sonatas suits your needs , you can be assured of strong , expressive , and detailed readings , with excellent violin intonation and plenty of [action] from the pianist .

The political initiative was again taken by the radicals : on this occasion the Liberal Unionists led by Joseph Chamberlain , upon whose support the Conservative government of Lord Salisbury depended ( Redlich and Hirst 1958 ; Dunbabin 1963 ) .
the political [action] was again taken by the radicals : on this occasion the liberal unionists led by joseph chamberlain , upon whose support the conservative government of lord salisbury depended ( redlich and hirst 1958 ; dunbabin 1963 ) .

There is no universally accepted pattern for the distribution of governmental services between the various agencies of the state , or even of the appropriate services to be performed collectively through government rather than by private initiative .
there is no universally accepted pattern for the distribution of governmental services between the various agencies of the state , or even of the appropriate services to be performed collectively through government rather than by private [action] .

The initiative for such transfers may come from the local authority concerned , the association or company seeking ownership , or the tenants themselves .
the [action] for such transfers may come from the local authority concerned , the association or company seeking ownership , or the tenants themselves .

From wherever the initiative originates , the tenants must be consulted and in addition have certain rights affecting the transfer — hence the phrase ‘ pick a landlord ’ .
from wherever the [action] originates , the tenants must be consulted and in addition have certain rights affecting the transfer — hence the phrase ‘ pick a landlord ’ .

Again using improvisation as its ethos , the album once more finds Talk Talk sailing blissfully off into the unknown , each musician using their own initiative , steering the music through freeform jazz and contemporary classical music , Hollis occasionally adding a few lines of comfort and despair in his fragile and tender voice .
again using improvisation as its ethos , the album once more finds talk talk sailing blissfully off into the unknown , each musician using their own [action] , steering the music through freeform jazz and contemporary classical music , hollis occasionally adding a few lines of comfort and despair in his fragile and tender voice .

Since the value of these slaves to their master lay so often in the slaves ' intelligence , initiative and skill , incentives ( such as the possibility of purchasing freedom ) were used more consistently than physical coercion as a means of persuading slaves to accept their inferior status .
since the value of these slaves to their master lay so often in the slaves ' intelligence , [action] and skill , incentives ( such as the possibility of purchasing freedom ) were used more consistently than physical coercion as a means of persuading slaves to accept their inferior status .

Though he was to fail in his exploitation of this , it was not for want of seeking to undermine national self-confidence through sardonic innuendo or weaken the will to resist by boasts of the invincible military initiative now held by the Wehrmacht .
though he was to fail in his exploitation of this , it was not for want of seeking to undermine national self-confidence through sardonic innuendo or weaken the will to resist by boasts of the invincible military [action] now held by the wehrmacht .

It is likely that Stalin was confident that the situation would evolve in Russia 's favour , for it appeared improbable that the United States would pursue an active policy of intervention in the Asian continent and the left would possess the initiative in decision-making within Korean politics , since much of the right was discredited through collaboration with the Japanese .
it is likely that stalin was confident that the situation would evolve in russia 's favour , for it appeared improbable that the united states would pursue an active policy of intervention in the asian continent and the left would possess the [action] in decision-making within korean politics , since much of the right was discredited through collaboration with the japanese .

The Secretary of State , Dean Acheson , warned the American mission in Seoul on 13 April 1949 that information had been received from a source believed to be reliable to the effect that serious trouble might arise in Korea within two months and that the initiative in these developments would be taken by South Korea .
the secretary of state , dean acheson , warned the american mission in seoul on 13 april 1949 that information had been received from a source believed to be reliable to the effect that serious trouble might arise in korea within two months and that the [action] in these developments would be taken by south korea .

MacArthur urged Acheson to raise the matter with Truman and persuade the President to overrule Johnson ; he added that Truman should grasp the opportunity provided by the treaty for regaining the initiative in East Asia from the Soviet Union .
macarthur urged acheson to raise the matter with truman and persuade the president to overrule johnson ; he added that truman should grasp the opportunity provided by the treaty for regaining the [action] in east asia from the soviet union .

Yoshida 's initiative did not have a dramatic effect but did assist in smoothing out some of the problems in reaching a settlement .
yoshida 's [action] did not have a dramatic effect but did assist in smoothing out some of the problems in reaching a settlement .

But there are scant signs that Labour is ready to take the initiative once normality returns , because its response to Major has been marked by cautiousness on two further counts .
but there are scant signs that labour is ready to take the [action] once normality returns , because its response to major has been marked by cautiousness on two further counts .

The boy or girl was not ‘ a blank piece of paper on which the teacher should write ’ , and it was in this liberal spirit that he condemned drill : ‘ Military drill fashions him to an approved standard as part of the machine ; whereas the aim of Scouting is to develop his personal character and initiative .
the boy or girl was not ‘ a blank piece of paper on which the teacher should write ’ , and it was in this liberal spirit that he condemned drill : ‘ military drill fashions him to an approved standard as part of the machine ; whereas the aim of scouting is to develop his personal character and [action] .

Most emphatic , however , was the feeling that some new initiative was required in the education and early work training of youths , to rescue them from the undisciplined authority of the streets .
most emphatic , however , was the feeling that some new [action] was required in the education and early work training of youths , to rescue them from the undisciplined authority of the streets .

Not unnaturally , it has always been traditional to see the years to 1360 as constituting a period unfavourable to France : the initiative lay largely with the English , and it was mainly the French who were on the defensive .
not unnaturally , it has always been traditional to see the years to 1360 as constituting a period unfavourable to france : the [action] lay largely with the english , and it was mainly the french who were on the defensive .

Little by little , the French initiative paid off , as their armies ‘ reoccupied ’ first those parts ceded by treaty and then much of the duchy of Aquitaine itself .
little by little , the french [action] paid off , as their armies ‘ reoccupied ’ first those parts ceded by treaty and then much of the duchy of aquitaine itself .

In such a situation the initiative lay with the attacker .
in such a situation the [action] lay with the attacker .

War gave to men of initiative many such opportunities .
war gave to men of [action] many such opportunities .

The French army had become relatively small and manageable ; it was now comprised of picked men ; its leaders , too , were the best available ; and its task was the specific one of taking the initiative and winning back the areas of land ceded by the terms agreed at Brétigny — and more , if possible .
the french army had become relatively small and manageable ; it was now comprised of picked men ; its leaders , too , were the best available ; and its task was the specific one of taking the [action] and winning back the areas of land ceded by the terms agreed at brétigny — and more , if possible .

By the sixteenth century the initiative long held by the defender , surrendered in the late fourteenth century , had been largely regained .
by the sixteenth century the [action] long held by the defender , surrendered in the late fourteenth century , had been largely regained .

The Council decided to take the initiative .
the council decided to take the [action] .

The Council 's initiative to set up a multi-professional group to address the borough 's drugs problem was well conceived for it allowed , for the first time , the information and concerns picked up by various parties in relation to heroin to be pulled together .
the council 's [action] to set up a multi-professional group to address the borough 's drugs problem was well conceived for it allowed , for the first time , the information and concerns picked up by various parties in relation to heroin to be pulled together .

The French city of Quimper launched an ‘ advertising kills ’ initiative to combat the effects of tobacco advertising .
the french city of quimper launched an ‘ advertising kills ’ [action] to combat the effects of tobacco advertising .

Management of Personal Welfare Initiative Coordination
management of personal welfare [action] coordination

To coordinate activities relating to the theme of gender across all six projects of the Initiative .
to coordinate activities relating to the theme of gender across all six projects of the [action] .

Acting bravely and with initiative during the mutiny , he is oppressed with shame when he remembers certain arrogant and cruel actions of his against the crew .
acting bravely and with [action] during the mutiny , he is oppressed with shame when he remembers certain arrogant and cruel actions of his against the crew .

In 1983 a Government initiative broke the deadlock and a compromise of sorts was reached , with the Stock Exchange agreeing to amend its rule-book on the condition that the case against it was dropped .
in 1983 a government [action] broke the deadlock and a compromise of sorts was reached , with the stock exchange agreeing to amend its rule-book on the condition that the case against it was dropped .

It is clear that Manne and his supporters see the use of inside information as a reward to entrepreneurs and other corporate employees for their initiative and ingenuity ; a perk , as it were , for the role they play within the economic system .
it is clear that manne and his supporters see the use of inside information as a reward to entrepreneurs and other corporate employees for their [action] and ingenuity ; a perk , as it were , for the role they play within the economic system .

They also loved their partner to take the initiative as they found it boring if sex was always a case of the man trying it on .
they also loved their partner to take the [action] as they found it boring if sex was always a case of the man trying it on .

Men in the Midlands are particularly turned on by partners who take the initiative and are active during sex , a woman 's dress sense and a good figure .
men in the midlands are particularly turned on by partners who take the [action] and are active during sex , a woman 's dress sense and a good figure .

Early in the Algerian War Camus tried to arrange a truce , but after the failure of this initiative and the disappearance of any middle ground between the FLN-led Muslims and the French pieds noirs , he maintained a besieged mentality .
early in the algerian war camus tried to arrange a truce , but after the failure of this [action] and the disappearance of any middle ground between the fln-led muslims and the french pieds noirs , he maintained a besieged mentality .

The Fornasetti Rinascimento , underscored by Thames & Hudson 's recent commemorative publication Fornasetti : Designer of Dreams , by Patrick Maurie , with photography by Richard Davies — takes the form of a three-pronged initiative .
the fornasetti rinascimento , underscored by thames & hudson 's recent commemorative publication fornasetti : designer of dreams , by patrick maurie , with photography by richard davies — takes the form of a three-pronged [action] .

Hypnosis is akin to being in love in that the same sapping of the subject 's initiative takes place , even more so as there is no possibility of sexual satisfaction , which exists as a possibility even in unrequited love relationships .
hypnosis is akin to being in love in that the same sapping of the subject 's [action] takes place , even more so as there is no possibility of sexual satisfaction , which exists as a possibility even in unrequited love relationships .

The move to withdraw is a calculated gamble by the agencies to provoke further debate about the future of Mar Lodge in the hope that a new initiative might overcome the remaining obstacles to securing the estate 's future .
the move to withdraw is a calculated gamble by the agencies to provoke further debate about the future of mar lodge in the hope that a new [action] might overcome the remaining obstacles to securing the estate 's future .

The consortium felt that suspending their initiative would encourage the debate to start again , he added .
the consortium felt that suspending their [action] would encourage the debate to start again , he added .

The campaign is an Environment Department initiative that is also being supported by Essex County Council 's property services division .
the campaign is an environment department [action] that is also being supported by essex county council 's property services division .

The part played by the nobility in the debates about taxation in these years has never been satisfactorily analysed , but it appears that the initiative lay almost entirely with the commons .
the part played by the nobility in the debates about taxation in these years has never been satisfactorily analysed , but it appears that the [action] lay almost entirely with the commons .

Both crises arose from discontent over the financing of the war , but it is perhaps a measure of the king 's failing powers that whereas in 1340–1 the lead in attacking his ministers had been taken by the king himself , the initiative now rested with a group of lay nobles , chief amongst whom , if some of the chroniclers are to be believed , was the young Earl of Pembroke .
both crises arose from discontent over the financing of the war , but it is perhaps a measure of the king 's failing powers that whereas in 1340–1 the lead in attacking his ministers had been taken by the king himself , the [action] now rested with a group of lay nobles , chief amongst whom , if some of the chroniclers are to be believed , was the young earl of pembroke .

Such unique detail has its dangers , however , and it may be that historians have tended to overemphasize the independence and initiative of the commons .
such unique detail has its dangers , however , and it may be that historians have tended to overemphasize the independence and [action] of the commons .

The initiative in pressing the charges against the courtiers , and in making political demands on the crown , came from the commons , with de la Mare acting as their spokesman .
the [action] in pressing the charges against the courtiers , and in making political demands on the crown , came from the commons , with de la mare acting as their spokesman .

Clacton Police will start the initiative on Monday aimed at clamping down on the young drivers who regularly roar along the town 's one-way system , screeching tyres and playing loud music on their car stereos .
clacton police will start the [action] on monday aimed at clamping down on the young drivers who regularly roar along the town 's one-way system , screeching tyres and playing loud music on their car stereos .

The initiative is to run for two months , and will include high profile policing in a bid to reduce thefts of and from cars .
the [action] is to run for two months , and will include high profile policing in a bid to reduce thefts of and from cars .

The new identity has been chosen to reflect the spirit of the initiative , which follows the creation of a new management team and a multi-million investment programme at the firm 's factory .
the new identity has been chosen to reflect the spirit of the [action] , which follows the creation of a new management team and a multi-million investment programme at the firm 's factory .

With help from Writtle Agricultural College and Essex Farming and Wildlife Advisory Group , a grant was obtained under the Ministry of Agriculture 's countryside initiative .
with help from writtle agricultural college and essex farming and wildlife advisory group , a grant was obtained under the ministry of agriculture 's countryside [action] .

Education initiative
education [action]

Scottish Nuclear has agreed to sponsor a major new education initiative involving 221 secondary schools in Scotland .
scottish nuclear has agreed to sponsor a major new education [action] involving 221 secondary schools in scotland .

In another initiative , Scottish Nuclear has sponsored an opinion survey of some 900 people , which will take place in July .
in another [action] , scottish nuclear has sponsored an opinion survey of some 900 people , which will take place in july .

Each entry will be assessed by the judges on the level of initiative shown , taking account of the resources available to either the individual or to the team .
each entry will be assessed by the judges on the level of [action] shown , taking account of the resources available to either the individual or to the team .

The courses are intended to provide hotel and restaurant staff with the language necessary to answer clients ' queries and to supply information on their own initiative .
the courses are intended to provide hotel and restaurant staff with the language necessary to answer clients ' queries and to supply information on their own [action] .

New courses coming forward on the initiative of centres .
new courses coming forward on the [action] of centres .

New courses coming forward on the initiative of centres .
new courses coming forward on the [action] of centres .

New courses coming forward on the initiative of centres .
new courses coming forward on the [action] of centres .

The following summarises the current progress in each initiative .
the following summarises the current progress in each [action] .

The programme of work is now all but completed and the future of this initiative is under review .
the programme of work is now all but completed and the future of this [action] is under review .

It is , therefore , in everyone 's interest to avoid delay and to that end , the defenders should if at all possible take and keep the initiative .
it is , therefore , in everyone 's interest to avoid delay and to that end , the defenders should if at all possible take and keep the [action] .

Again , the defenders should endeavour to keep the initiative .
again , the defenders should endeavour to keep the [action] .

The advantage of a Tender is that it gives the defender the initiative in placing responsibility for further action on the pursuer 's agent .
the advantage of a tender is that it gives the defender the [action] in placing responsibility for further action on the pursuer 's agent .

The leaflet , Raising the Standard for the Built Heritage , is part of the Government 's Citizen 's Charter initiative .
the leaflet , raising the standard for the built heritage , is part of the government 's citizen 's charter [action] .

However , the degree of liberalisation afforded by the Directive is limited ; full freedom to provide insurance on a cross-border or ‘ services ’ basis only applies where the life insurance contract is entered into by the policyholder on their own initiative ; in the case of other ( ’ non-own initiative ’ ) contracts the Directive allows the authorities of the member state into which the insurance is provided to require such services business to be authorised by them .
however , the degree of liberalisation afforded by the directive is limited ; full freedom to provide insurance on a cross-border or ‘ services ’ basis only applies where the life insurance contract is entered into by the policyholder on their own [action] ; in the case of other ( ’ non-own [action] ’ ) contracts the directive allows the authorities of the member state into which the insurance is provided to require such services business to be authorised by them .

We have developed a most successful Urban Design Initiative where students from schools of architecture have participated with practitioners in developing imaginative approaches to exploring the potential of vacant urban sites .
we have developed a most successful urban design [action] where students from schools of architecture have participated with practitioners in developing imaginative approaches to exploring the potential of vacant urban sites .

Originating from an initiative by the Lothian Headteachers Association and named after Robert Reid , a past headmaster in Lothian , the fellowships are offered as secondments for a term by the Region .
originating from an [action] by the lothian headteachers association and named after robert reid , a past headmaster in lothian , the fellowships are offered as secondments for a term by the region .

Sandra Percy is currently undertaking a study of the process of change in the assessment and teaching of English Language in a rural secondary school and one of its associated primary schools as a result of the implementation of the initiative Curriculum and Assessment in Scotland ; a policy for the 90s .
sandra percy is currently undertaking a study of the process of change in the assessment and teaching of english language in a rural secondary school and one of its associated primary schools as a result of the implementation of the [action] curriculum and assessment in scotland ; a policy for the 90s .

The Scottish Teacher-Research Support Network is a joint initiative of the Scottish Council for Research in Education and the Scottish Educational Research Association .
the scottish teacher-research support network is a joint [action] of the scottish council for research in education and the scottish educational research association .

The Council 's adoption of the practice management standards initiative in April 1993 provided the profession with a management tool .
the council 's adoption of the practice management standards [action] in april 1993 provided the profession with a management tool .

Agreed after comprehensive consultation , this major Society initiative has been backed by a programme of supporting publications and courses to help firms implement the standards successfully .
agreed after comprehensive consultation , this major society [action] has been backed by a programme of supporting publications and courses to help firms implement the standards successfully .

They began to look for more drink and the Junior showed his initiative by going up to the off-licence with the Porter and bringing back armfuls of the stuff .
they began to look for more drink and the junior showed his [action] by going up to the off-licence with the porter and bringing back armfuls of the stuff .

The Quality Scotland Foundation also organises an Open Days initiative which gives members the opportunity to learn through the direct experience of others .
the quality scotland foundation also organises an open days [action] which gives members the opportunity to learn through the direct experience of others .

Meanwhile there would still be room for outsiders to show initiative in asking interesting questions of companies , and coming to their own conclusions .
meanwhile there would still be room for outsiders to show [action] in asking interesting questions of companies , and coming to their own conclusions .

Initiative brings closer links between education and industry
[action] brings closer links between education and industry

The same goes for the whole training initiative .
the same goes for the whole training [action] .

The words of the Principal , , to the graduates of 1992 , and the fundamental reasoning behind the launch two years ago of the University 's Environmental Initiative to imbue staff and students with an awareness of environmental problems and the resolve to confront them through integrated teaching , research and institutional behaviour .
the words of the principal , , to the graduates of 1992 , and the fundamental reasoning behind the launch two years ago of the university 's environmental [action] to imbue staff and students with an awareness of environmental problems and the resolve to confront them through integrated teaching , research and institutional behaviour .

Implementation of the Initiative University-wide lies with four groups : the Energy and Environment Group co-ordinates good institutional practice , including compliance with the relevant legislation ; the Environmental Teaching Group promotes teaching and curriculum development ; the Environmental Research Group promotes environmental research activity throughout the University ; and the Environmental Advisory Group , made up of the convenors of the other three groups and Senior Vice-Principal Barrie Wilson , to whom the Principal has delegated responsibility for the Initiative , oversees the entire project .
implementation of the [action] university-wide lies with four groups : the energy and environment group co-ordinates good institutional practice , including compliance with the relevant legislation ; the environmental teaching group promotes teaching and curriculum development ; the environmental research group promotes environmental research activity throughout the university ; and the environmental advisory group , made up of the convenors of the other three groups and senior vice-principal barrie wilson , to whom the principal has delegated responsibility for the [action] , oversees the entire project .

It is part of the Polytechnic 's Partnership for Quality Initiative , a programme designed to change the Polytechnic from a teaching to a learning organisation which will involve all students , staff and also employers .
it is part of the polytechnic 's partnership for quality [action] , a programme designed to change the polytechnic from a teaching to a learning organisation which will involve all students , staff and also employers .

‘ The most important thing about the Prince of Wales Initiative is that it gives the opportunity for other industries to share their knowledge of environmental protection , ’ she says .
‘ the most important thing about the prince of wales [action] is that it gives the opportunity for other industries to share their knowledge of environmental protection , ’ she says .

This is why , in response to a Government 's Citizens ' Charter Initiative , we introduced a Jobseeker 's Charter in December 1991 .
this is why , in response to a government 's citizens ' charter [action] , we introduced a jobseeker 's charter in december 1991 .

The initiative was started by Barbara Wiles , then Area Manager , in conjunction with the University of Westminster .
the [action] was started by barbara wiles , then area manager , in conjunction with the university of westminster .

It offered her managers the chance to participate in the |Management Charter Initiative 's approach to the accreditation of Prior Learning .
it offered her managers the chance to participate in the |management charter [action] 's approach to the accreditation of prior learning .

The Nursing Employment Service has developed an initiative with the Royal College of Nursing and the Nursing Standard — a professional journal for nurses — to help unemployed nurses find work .
the nursing employment service has developed an [action] with the royal college of nursing and the nursing standard — a professional journal for nurses — to help unemployed nurses find work .

Lastly , and by far the catalytic event , was my school 's involvement in Strathclyde Region 's initiative in the delegation of resources to schools .
lastly , and by far the catalytic event , was my school 's involvement in strathclyde region 's [action] in the delegation of resources to schools .

Greenways An initiative traffic management system for Edinburgh .
greenways an [action] traffic management system for edinburgh .

You will recall discussion on the addition of Clydesdale District Council as a partner in the initiative , although not as yet a member in terms of the Articles of Association of the Trust .
you will recall discussion on the addition of clydesdale district council as a partner in the [action] , although not as yet a member in terms of the articles of association of the trust .

Establishment of River Almond Initiative with Central Scotland Countryside Trust .
establishment of river almond [action] with central scotland countryside trust .

We now want to introduce you to an important new initiative under the heading of Tesco Cares .
we now want to introduce you to an important new [action] under the heading of tesco cares .

The Polytechnic was beset with resource problems but the cause of the Visiting Party 's overriding concern was the poor quality of the leadership and the lack of initiative being taken by the Academic Board .
the polytechnic was beset with resource problems but the cause of the visiting party 's overriding concern was the poor quality of the leadership and the lack of [action] being taken by the academic board .

Now the state , instead of the individual , controlled consumption in the interests of conservation ; the state exercised initiative and decision-making functions in place of those of the individual 's ego ; and the state institutions of social control enforced law and order in the place of the superego .
now the state , instead of the individual , controlled consumption in the interests of conservation ; the state exercised [action] and decision-making functions in place of those of the individual 's ego ; and the state institutions of social control enforced law and order in the place of the superego .

In the Inca state this process of regression seems not merely to have profoundly compromised the superego and to have replaced it with the person of the Inca and his fellow Children of the Sun , but also to have attacked the ego in general and to have reduced the Indians to an apathetic , dependent and passive state in which the higher ego-functions of decision-making , initiative , and individuality were markedly reduced . This regression of the superego and degradation of the ego was readily noticed by Spanish visitors to the Inca empire who commented on the lack of personality development and the general childlikeness of the Indians :
in the inca state this process of regression seems not merely to have profoundly compromised the superego and to have replaced it with the person of the inca and his fellow children of the sun , but also to have attacked the ego in general and to have reduced the indians to an apathetic , dependent and passive state in which the higher ego-functions of decision-making , [action] , and individuality were markedly reduced . this regression of the superego and degradation of the ego was readily noticed by spanish visitors to the inca empire who commented on the lack of personality development and the general childlikeness of the indians :

The loss of dignity , individuality , initiative , decisiveness and independence which nearly all the observers report of the Peruvians is the consequence of ego-degradation and replacement of the superego by the external coercion of the state .
the loss of dignity , individuality , [action] , decisiveness and independence which nearly all the observers report of the peruvians is the consequence of ego-degradation and replacement of the superego by the external coercion of the state .

Thus whereas mastery of the instinctual drives builds the ego and raises its level of self-esteem and competence , its individuality and its initiative , external control of those drives has the opposite effect , reducing the self-esteem , competence , initiative and individuality of the ego to the point where it almost disappears altogether .
thus whereas mastery of the instinctual drives builds the ego and raises its level of self-esteem and competence , its individuality and its [action] , external control of those drives has the opposite effect , reducing the self-esteem , competence , [action] and individuality of the ego to the point where it almost disappears altogether .

The native Peruvian , expecting the state to do everything , no longer had to concern himself with his fellow man and had to come to his aid only if required by law … They had to help their neighbors if ordered to do so by their chiefs , but they were obliged to do nothing on their own initiative .
the native peruvian , expecting the state to do everything , no longer had to concern himself with his fellow man and had to come to his aid only if required by law … they had to help their neighbors if ordered to do so by their chiefs , but they were obliged to do nothing on their own [action] .

Edinburgh received funding in 1989 as part of the Enterprise in Higher Education Initiative to assist students to prepare themselves for their future .
edinburgh received funding in 1989 as part of the enterprise in higher education [action] to assist students to prepare themselves for their future .

Communication skills , initiative , professionalism and team-work are developed during the course as integral parts of the learning process .
communication skills , [action] , professionalism and team-work are developed during the course as integral parts of the learning process .

The right characterise it as the ‘ nanny state ’ stifling initiative and giving unproductive employment to the middle classes .
the right characterise it as the ‘ nanny state ’ stifling [action] and giving unproductive employment to the middle classes .

Information from secret intelligence sources indicated that Brigadier Jazali had reorganised his action squads after last autumn 's abortive attacks and was planning some new initiative .
information from secret intelligence sources indicated that brigadier jazali had reorganised his action squads after last autumn 's abortive attacks and was planning some new [action] .

Marx claimed that bureaucrats typically lacked initiative and imagination , though this did not prevent them from trying to expand their powers and privileges .
marx claimed that bureaucrats typically lacked [action] and imagination , though this did not prevent them from trying to expand their powers and privileges .

The public service itself becomes an arena of conflict as increasingly unionized and militant public servants , together with their client groups , confront cuts in services , job losses and ideological attacks on the ‘ workshy ’ , welfare ‘ scroungers ’ , and bureaucratic impediments to the free market , individual responsibility and economic initiative ( Gough , 1979 ) .
the public service itself becomes an arena of conflict as increasingly unionized and militant public servants , together with their client groups , confront cuts in services , job losses and ideological attacks on the ‘ workshy ’ , welfare ‘ scroungers ’ , and bureaucratic impediments to the free market , individual responsibility and economic [action] ( gough , 1979 ) .

Officials in charge of the central and regional ministries determined and administered policy in the absence of effective initiative and control by soldiers .
officials in charge of the central and regional ministries determined and administered policy in the absence of effective [action] and control by soldiers .

Not only municipal administration but the whole initiative hitherto exercised by the state was laid into the hands of the Commune ’ ( Marx 1871 , p. 471 ) .
not only municipal administration but the whole [action] hitherto exercised by the state was laid into the hands of the commune ’ ( marx 1871 , p. 471 ) .

Other observers have also detected significant departures from ‘ pure ’ bureaucracy in Soviet systems of government , though these are often of a type familiar to Western students of bureaucracy and have positive results , such as entrepreneurial initiative , departures from hierarchical principles , the development of informal relationships , creativity , pragmatism and instrumentalism ( Granick 1954 ; Armstrong 1965 ; Stewart 1969 ; Hough 1969 ; Churchward 1968 ; Hough 1973 ) .
other observers have also detected significant departures from ‘ pure ’ bureaucracy in soviet systems of government , though these are often of a type familiar to western students of bureaucracy and have positive results , such as entrepreneurial [action] , departures from hierarchical principles , the development of informal relationships , creativity , pragmatism and instrumentalism ( granick 1954 ; armstrong 1965 ; stewart 1969 ; hough 1969 ; churchward 1968 ; hough 1973 ) .

Man will voluntarily integrate his own goals with those of the organization if management works on the assumption not that people dislike work , prefer being directed rather than taking the initiative and respond only to material rewards or threats and sanctions ; but that they have needs for autonomy and independence which must be satisfied through structures of authority that allow self-motivation and self-control .
man will voluntarily integrate his own goals with those of the organization if management works on the assumption not that people dislike work , prefer being directed rather than taking the [action] and respond only to material rewards or threats and sanctions ; but that they have needs for autonomy and independence which must be satisfied through structures of authority that allow self-motivation and self-control .

The first decree was issued in 1972 by the military regime in alliance with the local bourgeoisie , who clearly expected to benefit from the initiative .
the first decree was issued in 1972 by the military regime in alliance with the local bourgeoisie , who clearly expected to benefit from the [action] .

According to the Crowland chronicler , the settlement was the result of an initiative by the queen and there is no reason to doubt this .
according to the crowland chronicler , the settlement was the result of an [action] by the queen and there is no reason to doubt this .

Chroniclers are undecided as to who took the initiative in joining forces , but all are clear that once the two dukes had met at Northampton , Buckingham became Gloucester 's alter ego .
chroniclers are undecided as to who took the [action] in joining forces , but all are clear that once the two dukes had met at northampton , buckingham became gloucester 's alter ego .

It is not necessary to suppose that he acted on his own initiative , although this is implied in the Anonimalle Chronicle ( 11 , pp.158–9 ) : possibly his advisers felt that he might be less at risk than they themselves , and that in the circumstances a policy of temporary conciliation was the best course of action .
it is not necessary to suppose that he acted on his own [action] , although this is implied in the anonimalle chronicle ( 11 , pp.158–9 ) : possibly his advisers felt that he might be less at risk than they themselves , and that in the circumstances a policy of temporary conciliation was the best course of action .

But despite the Hess initiative , despite feelers via Switzerland and Spain as well as Scandinavia , even to talk of seeking peace was treated in secret service circles as defeatism , almost treachery .
but despite the hess [action] , despite feelers via switzerland and spain as well as scandinavia , even to talk of seeking peace was treated in secret service circles as defeatism , almost treachery .

But Downes , at least for the moment , had taken the initiative .
but downes , at least for the moment , had taken the [action] .

But the opportunity had not arisen , and Aldrich had taken no initiative in effecting any introduction .
but the opportunity had not arisen , and aldrich had taken no [action] in effecting any introduction .

It is clearly a test of initiative .
it is clearly a test of [action] .

Some of the Chaloners were respected for their craft skills , others through their initiative and hard work earned the name of yeoman , but yet others through idleness or misfortune fell into poverty .
some of the chaloners were respected for their craft skills , others through their [action] and hard work earned the name of yeoman , but yet others through idleness or misfortune fell into poverty .

He also points out ‘ the freedoms of the Western model were incompatible with government initiative in the Russian tradition ’ and ‘ parliamentary government under Russian conditions ’ simply could not solve Russian problems .
he also points out ‘ the freedoms of the western model were incompatible with government [action] in the russian tradition ’ and ‘ parliamentary government under russian conditions ’ simply could not solve russian problems .

It follows , therefore , to a certain extent that initiative and creativity are not very important characteristics for lower level managers in this organisation .
it follows , therefore , to a certain extent that [action] and creativity are not very important characteristics for lower level managers in this organisation .

Although the style of leadership both managers had was authoritarian they both said they encouraged employee initiative and they also tried to appear friendly and approachable .
although the style of leadership both managers had was authoritarian they both said they encouraged employee [action] and they also tried to appear friendly and approachable .

Local initiative and pluralism , growth of decision-making centres , and space for individual/group autonomy would promote an active citizenry as opposed to individuals set apart from the authoritative state which has grown under the Conservatives in the last twelve years .
local [action] and pluralism , growth of decision-making centres , and space for individual/group autonomy would promote an active citizenry as opposed to individuals set apart from the authoritative state which has grown under the conservatives in the last twelve years .

Other subjects included a summary of the current business position , and an in depth discussion on the latest and significant initiative by Stoddard Templeton to introduce fabrics into the market place alongside carpets .
other subjects included a summary of the current business position , and an in depth discussion on the latest and significant [action] by stoddard templeton to introduce fabrics into the market place alongside carpets .

Stoddard Templeton are increasing their marketing activities with a new initiative aimed at attracting customers into retailers throughout the country .
stoddard templeton are increasing their marketing activities with a new [action] aimed at attracting customers into retailers throughout the country .

Sales are expanding considerably in the home market , using the ready made Stoddard Templeton sales force as an additional initiative on the retail side , backed up with an extensive contract involvement .
sales are expanding considerably in the home market , using the ready made stoddard templeton sales force as an additional [action] on the retail side , backed up with an extensive contract involvement .

’ It is part of the Government sponsored ‘ Carpet Industry Training Development Initiative ’ and included practical ‘ role playing ’ exercises as well as lectures , workshops and seminars .
’ it is part of the government sponsored ‘ carpet industry training development [action] ’ and included practical ‘ role playing ’ exercises as well as lectures , workshops and seminars .

Eighteen places are reserved for an Industrial Relations Course and the same number for a Junior Management Course , maintaining the training initiative as an important policy within the company .
eighteen places are reserved for an industrial relations course and the same number for a junior management course , maintaining the training [action] as an important policy within the company .

These considerable changes reflect a strong marketing initiative .
these considerable changes reflect a strong marketing [action] .

And many women who came who were not labour movement activists welcomed Women for Socialism initiative , considering the time somewhat overdue for labour movement women to reach out to other socialist-feminists .
and many women who came who were not labour movement activists welcomed women for socialism [action] , considering the time somewhat overdue for labour movement women to reach out to other socialist-feminists .

Mrs Thatcher is now anxious to find another equally striking initiative .
mrs thatcher is now anxious to find another equally striking [action] .

In a major new initiative , Stoddard Templeton has added soft furnishing fabric to its portfolio of carpet ranges .
in a major new [action] , stoddard templeton has added soft furnishing fabric to its portfolio of carpet ranges .

The trend for design co-ordination and harmonisation , together with the tremendous growth of interest in the whole concept of Interior Design for the domestic market , gives the timing of the initiative significant potential .
the trend for design co-ordination and harmonisation , together with the tremendous growth of interest in the whole concept of interior design for the domestic market , gives the timing of the [action] significant potential .

Fabric display units have been specifically designed for point of sale and , since the launch of the initiative in January , are being steadily introduced to around five hundred retailers nationwide .
fabric display units have been specifically designed for point of sale and , since the launch of the [action] in january , are being steadily introduced to around five hundred retailers nationwide .

The Association has fully participated in this new initiative to draw together opinion and comment from across the widest spectrum of our industry , in a bid to provide the industry with a united voice to Government .
the association has fully participated in this new [action] to draw together opinion and comment from across the widest spectrum of our industry , in a bid to provide the industry with a united voice to government .

An initiative first launched some years ago by a member of Her Majesty 's Inspectorate , the Hotel Employers Group and education groups were revived in 1992 .
an [action] first launched some years ago by a member of her majesty 's inspectorate , the hotel employers group and education groups were revived in 1992 .

Nearly 1100 requests for further information have been received as a direct result of this initiative .
nearly 1100 requests for further information have been received as a direct result of this [action] .

In a speech to the Newfoundland legislature Wells expressed outrage over this Mulroney initiative , on the grounds that , at the Premiers ' conference earlier in the month , the Prime Minister had repeated ruled out any such extension as unconstitutional .
in a speech to the newfoundland legislature wells expressed outrage over this mulroney [action] , on the grounds that , at the premiers ' conference earlier in the month , the prime minister had repeated ruled out any such extension as unconstitutional .

The intergovernmental conference on political union , based on the Franco-German initiative put to the extraordinary Dublin summit in April [ see p. 37363 ] , would open on Dec. 14 , with a similar mandate to conclude its work rapidly .
the intergovernmental conference on political union , based on the franco-german [action] put to the extraordinary dublin summit in april [ see p. 37363 ] , would open on dec. 14 , with a similar mandate to conclude its work rapidly .

Japanese-Thai peace initiative — Military situation
japanese-thai peace [action] — military situation

The agreed guidelines for the new government pledged `` to further the cause of peace in accordance with the Camp David Accords and the May 1989 [ Shamir ] peace initiative [ see p. 36670 ] `` .
the agreed guidelines for the new government pledged `` to further the cause of peace in accordance with the camp david accords and the may 1989 [ shamir ] peace [action] [ see p. 36670 ] `` .

The Vatican initiative involved a proposal by papal nuncio Pablo Puente that Aoun be invited to join the Hoss Cabinet as a first step towards a re-examination of the Taif Accord .
the vatican [action] involved a proposal by papal nuncio pablo puente that aoun be invited to join the hoss cabinet as a first step towards a re-examination of the taif accord .

Letters from the Iraqi government in May , which reportedly called for direct talks with Iran , apparently elicited some initial positive responses in Iran , but the initiative was overtaken by renewed controversy following the Arab League summit on May 28-30 in Baghdad , the Iraqi capital [ see p. 37473 ] .
letters from the iraqi government in may , which reportedly called for direct talks with iran , apparently elicited some initial positive responses in iran , but the [action] was overtaken by renewed controversy following the arab league summit on may 28-30 in baghdad , the iraqi capital [ see p. 37473 ] .

Regional press reports of the May 1990 Iraqi initiative had suggested that President Saddam Hussein of Iraq was now considering accepting the Algiers accord .
regional press reports of the may 1990 iraqi [action] had suggested that president saddam hussein of iraq was now considering accepting the algiers accord .

The delay in unveiling his initiative in full was caused by the Irish government 's insistence that it should be guaranteed involvement at an early stage in the talks .
the delay in unveiling his [action] in full was caused by the irish government 's insistence that it should be guaranteed involvement at an early stage in the talks .

However , all sides insisted that the initiative had not broken down .
however , all sides insisted that the [action] had not broken down .

On May 12 the Chamber of Deputies approved in principle , by 329 votes to 54 with 12 abstentions , the initiative of President Carlos Salinas de Gortari , announced on May 2 , to reprivatize 19 state-run banks .
on may 12 the chamber of deputies approved in principle , by 329 votes to 54 with 12 abstentions , the [action] of president carlos salinas de gortari , announced on may 2 , to reprivatize 19 state-run banks .

Exports to Lithuania undertaken by private companies or on the initiative of Lithuanian emigré organizations were also likely to prove logistically impossible , since Lithuania 's borders and customs posts remained under Soviet administration .
exports to lithuania undertaken by private companies or on the [action] of lithuanian emigré organizations were also likely to prove logistically impossible , since lithuania 's borders and customs posts remained under soviet administration .

Franco-German initiative — Prunskiene 's meeting with Gorbachev
franco-german [action] — prunskiene 's meeting with gorbachev

President Mitterrand of France and Chancellor Helmut Kohl of West Germany on April 26 announced an initiative for negotiations ( reportedly sponsored by Bush ) , involving Lithuania 's temporary suspension of its independence declaration to enable Soviet-Lithuanian talks to start .
president mitterrand of france and chancellor helmut kohl of west germany on april 26 announced an [action] for negotiations ( reportedly sponsored by bush ) , involving lithuania 's temporary suspension of its independence declaration to enable soviet-lithuanian talks to start .

She put forward a compromise proposal approved by the Lithuania Supreme Council on the previous day which was broadly in line with the Franco-German initiative and Landsbergis ' statement .
she put forward a compromise proposal approved by the lithuania supreme council on the previous day which was broadly in line with the franco-german [action] and landsbergis ' statement .

The visit of President Hosni Mubarak to the Syrian capital , Damascus , for talks with President Hafez al Assad on May 2-3 , was the first by an Egyptian leader for 13 years and marked the full normalization of relations between the two countries , broken off in November 1977 at the start of Egypt 's peace initiative with Israel .
the visit of president hosni mubarak to the syrian capital , damascus , for talks with president hafez al assad on may 2-3 , was the first by an egyptian leader for 13 years and marked the full normalization of relations between the two countries , broken off in november 1977 at the start of egypt 's peace [action] with israel .

[ International reaction to the economic blockade , a Franco-German initiative for negotiations , and Prunskiene 's quest for foreign aid and recognition , will be covered in the May News Digest . ]
[ international reaction to the economic blockade , a franco-german [action] for negotiations , and prunskiene 's quest for foreign aid and recognition , will be covered in the may news digest . ]

On Nov. 10 President Bush outlined to the National Association of Realtors a new $ 4,200 million housing initiative .
on nov. 10 president bush outlined to the national association of realtors a new $ 4,200 million housing [action] .

Strategic Defence Initiative
strategic defence [action]

At the initiative of the non-aligned countries , the Assembly held a special session from Dec. 12-14 on apartheid and its destructive effects on Southern Africa .
at the [action] of the non-aligned countries , the assembly held a special session from dec. 12-14 on apartheid and its destructive effects on southern africa .

In another unexpected Northern initiative , it was announced on July 5 that the northern side of the border at the Panmunjom armistice village ( situated in the Demilitarized Zone between the two countries ) would be opened from Aug. 15 in an attempt to encourage contacts between the two countries .
in another unexpected northern [action] , it was announced on july 5 that the northern side of the border at the panmunjom armistice village ( situated in the demilitarized zone between the two countries ) would be opened from aug. 15 in an attempt to encourage contacts between the two countries .

New peace initiative
new peace [action]

The government of President Elias Hrawi launched a new peace initiative on July 11 .
the government of president elias hrawi launched a new peace [action] on july 11 .

The 1990 edition of the World Bank 's World Development Report , published on July 16 , called for a new initiative aimed at `` lifting 400 million people out of poverty by the year 2000 `` .
the 1990 edition of the world bank 's world development report , published on july 16 , called for a new [action] aimed at `` lifting 400 million people out of poverty by the year 2000 `` .

Gorbachev 's initiative on secession was announced on Jan. 11 , his first day in the Lithuanian capital , Vilnius , at a meeting with Lithuanian intellectuals at the Academy of Sciences .
gorbachev 's [action] on secession was announced on jan. 11 , his first day in the lithuanian capital , vilnius , at a meeting with lithuanian intellectuals at the academy of sciences .

The group comprised Democracy Now , Democratic Awakening , New Forum , the Peace and Human rights Initiative , the Social Democratic Party , and the United Left .
the group comprised democracy now , democratic awakening , new forum , the peace and human rights [action] , the social democratic party , and the united left .

Currently the only group claiming to be a nationwide opposition party was the Association for a Yugoslav Democratic Initiative [ referred to on p. 36470 as the Initiative for a Democratic Yugoslavia ] .
currently the only group claiming to be a nationwide opposition party was the association for a yugoslav democratic [action] [ referred to on p. 36470 as the [action] for a democratic yugoslavia ] .

Nevertheless , whilst accepting that `` the Soviet military threat in Europe is diminishing `` , Bush claimed that there was `` little change in Soviet strategic modernization `` , and that , therefore , `` we must sustain our own strategic offensive modernization and the Strategic Defence Initiative `` .
nevertheless , whilst accepting that `` the soviet military threat in europe is diminishing `` , bush claimed that there was `` little change in soviet strategic modernization `` , and that , therefore , `` we must sustain our own strategic offensive modernization and the strategic defence [action] `` .

The budget commitment is there … It 's there for research and development … It 's there for our housing initiative … The money 's there to keep our kids drug free … It 's there for space exploration , and it 's there for education .
the budget commitment is there … it 's there for research and development … it 's there for our housing [action] … the money 's there to keep our kids drug free … it 's there for space exploration , and it 's there for education .

This included $ 300 million for a proposed new special assistance initiative for Eastern Europe to `` support democracy and economic restructuring `` , and a new $ 441-million anti-drug package for Latin America .
this included $ 300 million for a proposed new special assistance [action] for eastern europe to `` support democracy and economic restructuring `` , and a new $ 441-million anti-drug package for latin america .

This was partly due to the legacy of the bitterness over the 1990 budget [ see p. 36969 ] , but was also the result of an initiative made on Dec. 29 , 1989 , by Senator Daniel Moynihan ( Dem .
this was partly due to the legacy of the bitterness over the 1990 budget [ see p. 36969 ] , but was also the result of an [action] made on dec. 29 , 1989 , by senator daniel moynihan ( dem .

The South 's initial response was to question the sincerity of Kim 's initiative and to dispute the existence of the `` concrete wall `` to which Kim had referred in his speech as `` the symbol of national division `` .
the south 's initial response was to question the sincerity of kim 's [action] and to dispute the existence of the `` concrete wall `` to which kim had referred in his speech as `` the symbol of national division `` .

On the economic front Alia 's proposals included encouraging initiative in enterprises and curtailing the role of central planning bodies ; paying bonuses to workers exceeding production targets ; allowing agricultural workers to sell surpluses at prices not fixed by the state ; curtailing artificial price fixing , by means of state subsidies , for all but essential goods ; and allowing people to build their own homes .
on the economic front alia 's proposals included encouraging [action] in enterprises and curtailing the role of central planning bodies ; paying bonuses to workers exceeding production targets ; allowing agricultural workers to sell surpluses at prices not fixed by the state ; curtailing artificial price fixing , by means of state subsidies , for all but essential goods ; and allowing people to build their own homes .

World Bank initiative on flood control
world bank [action] on flood control

Saddam 's " Middle East occupations " initiative — Proposed Kuwait referendum
saddam 's " middle east occupations " [action] — proposed kuwait referendum

The ban on all sales and supplies to Iraq and Kuwait specifically included arms ; it excluded medical supplies and , in wording made less specific following an initiative by Ethiopia , the supply of food in humanitarian circumstances .
the ban on all sales and supplies to iraq and kuwait specifically included arms ; it excluded medical supplies and , in wording made less specific following an [action] by ethiopia , the supply of food in humanitarian circumstances .

By Aug. 13 , when Mitterrand launched a diplomatic initiative by sending emissaries to Arab and non-aligned countries , the French commitment in the Gulf region included an additional naval cruiser in a total of seven ships and 3,500 men , with heavy transport helicopters and light attack helicopters .
by aug. 13 , when mitterrand launched a diplomatic [action] by sending emissaries to arab and non-aligned countries , the french commitment in the gulf region included an additional naval cruiser in a total of seven ships and 3,500 men , with heavy transport helicopters and light attack helicopters .

On Aug. 13 the Soviet Union responded coolly to Saddam 's `` peace initiative `` of the previous day , and on Aug. 17 Shevardnadze said in Moscow after talks with West German Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher that the Security Council could soon assume a military role which could bring a rapid resolution of the crisis ; the Security Council Military Staff Committee , he said , was the body whose task it was to co-ordinate military measures .
on aug. 13 the soviet union responded coolly to saddam 's `` peace [action] `` of the previous day , and on aug. 17 shevardnadze said in moscow after talks with west german foreign minister hans-dietrich genscher that the security council could soon assume a military role which could bring a rapid resolution of the crisis ; the security council military staff committee , he said , was the body whose task it was to co-ordinate military measures .

Saddam Hussein launches an initiative linking the settlement of the `` occupation `` of Kuwait with all other Middle Eastern `` occupations `` .
saddam hussein launches an [action] linking the settlement of the `` occupation `` of kuwait with all other middle eastern `` occupations `` .

The Presidents of Colombia , Ecuador and Venezuela were joined by presidential representatives from Bolivia and Peru for a two-day conference in Bogotá , the Colombian capital , on Aug. 4-5 to discuss the " Enterprise for the Americas Initiative " proposed by United States President George Bush on June 27 [ see p. 37526 ] .
the presidents of colombia , ecuador and venezuela were joined by presidential representatives from bolivia and peru for a two-day conference in bogotá , the colombian capital , on aug. 4-5 to discuss the " enterprise for the americas [action] " proposed by united states president george bush on june 27 [ see p. 37526 ] .

Responding to the latest Iraqi peace initiative on Aug. 15 the Iranian Foreign Minister , Ali Akbar Vellayati , described it as `` the greatest victory for the Islamic Republic of Iran within its lifespan `` .
responding to the latest iraqi peace [action] on aug. 15 the iranian foreign minister , ali akbar vellayati , described it as `` the greatest victory for the islamic republic of iran within its lifespan `` .

In an initiative on June 4 , 1989 , `` for the protection of peasant farms and against animal factories `` , 51 per cent ( 773,084 ) voted against the proposal and 49 per cent ( 742,207 ) in favour ; participation nationally was 35.2 per cent .
in an [action] on june 4 , 1989 , `` for the protection of peasant farms and against animal factories `` , 51 per cent ( 773,084 ) voted against the proposal and 49 per cent ( 742,207 ) in favour ; participation nationally was 35.2 per cent .

The initiative , instigated by the Association of Small and Medium-sized Farmers , would , if approved , have provided for the present heavy government agricultural subsidies to be allocated exclusively to family-run farms .
the [action] , instigated by the association of small and medium-sized farmers , would , if approved , have provided for the present heavy government agricultural subsidies to be allocated exclusively to family-run farms .

Lack of progress on Brooke initiative
lack of progress on brooke [action]

In East Berlin on Feb. 7 the three left-wing citizens ' movements ( New Forum , Democracy Now and Initiative for Peace and Human Rights — by then all represented in the government ) agreed to campaign together as the Electoral Alliance `` 90 ( Wahlbündnis `` 90 ) .
in east berlin on feb. 7 the three left-wing citizens ' movements ( new forum , democracy now and [action] for peace and human rights — by then all represented in the government ) agreed to campaign together as the electoral alliance `` 90 ( wahlbündnis `` 90 ) .

7 . Can non-religious worldviews offer as much , or as adequate , inspiration as belief in God for actual living and initiative in carrying practical projects through ?
7 . can non-religious worldviews offer as much , or as adequate , inspiration as belief in god for actual living and [action] in carrying practical projects through ?

Following the prorogation of Parliament in November 1685 it was the Anglican establishment which took the initiative in opposing James 's policies .
following the prorogation of parliament in november 1685 it was the anglican establishment which took the [action] in opposing james 's policies .

At the end of April 1686 the Tory lord mayor of Bristol took it upon his own initiative to disturb the celebration of the mass by a group of English Catholics , committing the priest and all those present to prison .
at the end of april 1686 the tory lord mayor of bristol took it upon his own [action] to disturb the celebration of the mass by a group of english catholics , committing the priest and all those present to prison .

What is remarkable is that the initiative here was taken by the High Anglican clergy , who should have been the natural allies of the Stuart monarchy , and who had staunchly defended James 's title to the throne during the Exclusion Crisis .
what is remarkable is that the [action] here was taken by the high anglican clergy , who should have been the natural allies of the stuart monarchy , and who had staunchly defended james 's title to the throne during the exclusion crisis .

In other places we find Whig crowds retaliating to a Tory initiative .
in other places we find whig crowds retaliating to a tory [action] .

The initiative to stop the scene and try it in another way can come from spectators , performers or the teacher .
the [action] to stop the scene and try it in another way can come from spectators , performers or the teacher .

He also feared some new Soviet initiative on the future of Germany .
he also feared some new soviet [action] on the future of germany .

The administration lost no time in trying to regain the initiative for the United States .
the administration lost no time in trying to regain the [action] for the united states .

The Minister of Internal Affairs was becoming increasingly sympathetic to the views of Nikolai Miliutin and saw the rescript ( which was drafted by Levshin , his deputy ) , as a means of wresting the initiative in peasant affairs from the Secret Committee .
the minister of internal affairs was becoming increasingly sympathetic to the views of nikolai miliutin and saw the rescript ( which was drafted by levshin , his deputy ) , as a means of wresting the [action] in peasant affairs from the secret committee .

What one old-school diplomat called `` the telegraphic demoralisation of those who formerly had to act for themselves and are now content to be at the end of the wire `` had , it was claimed , given greater effect to the instinctive dislike felt by all foreign ministries for diplomats who showed initiative and were not afraid of responsibility .
what one old-school diplomat called `` the telegraphic demoralisation of those who formerly had to act for themselves and are now content to be at the end of the wire `` had , it was claimed , given greater effect to the instinctive dislike felt by all foreign ministries for diplomats who showed [action] and were not afraid of responsibility .

This , he claimed , meant that they sometimes had to act more rather than less on their own initiative .
this , he claimed , meant that they sometimes had to act more rather than less on their own [action] .

It was growing uniformity of organisation , the growth of more professional diplomatic services with the relatively fixed standards and procedures which are the essence of any true profession , which were the main force limiting the independence and personal initiative of diplomats .
it was growing uniformity of organisation , the growth of more professional diplomatic services with the relatively fixed standards and procedures which are the essence of any true profession , which were the main force limiting the independence and personal [action] of diplomats .

It represents an instinctive knowledge ( a `` kynde knowynge `` ) acquired by trial and error of how to maintain an inner balance , and reason 's active initiative ends here , giving way to a new kind of knowledge of God experienced as a gift that discretion enables man to receive .
it represents an instinctive knowledge ( a `` kynde knowynge `` ) acquired by trial and error of how to maintain an inner balance , and reason 's active [action] ends here , giving way to a new kind of knowledge of god experienced as a gift that discretion enables man to receive .

The actual implementation of reform and teaching in the Church was left to the initiative of individual bishops through the organisation of provincial synods .
the actual implementation of reform and teaching in the church was left to the [action] of individual bishops through the organisation of provincial synods .

Such women suffered from a lack of formally structured education and from inhibitions about taking the authoritative initiative involved in composing written texts .
such women suffered from a lack of formally structured education and from inhibitions about taking the authoritative [action] involved in composing written texts .

Kite was six under par when he inflicted on Clark the worst defeat in Ryder Cup singles history and in the process handed his side the initiative which for a time seemed it would n't relinquish .
kite was six under par when he inflicted on clark the worst defeat in ryder cup singles history and in the process handed his side the [action] which for a time seemed it would n't relinquish .

This initiative started in October 1988 , and is for five years .
this [action] started in october 1988 , and is for five years .

The initiative was designed after consultation with industry , government and academics .
the [action] was designed after consultation with industry , government and academics .

The initiative has a large core project located at London Business School , a group of smaller research teams forming a supplementary core , and then a group of projects arranged around four themes : Finance , Skills , Product Markets and Collaboration .
the [action] has a large core project located at london business school , a group of smaller research teams forming a supplementary core , and then a group of projects arranged around four themes : finance , skills , product markets and collaboration .

The research in this initiative derives from the belief that for one reason or another , Britain 's economic decline stems at least in part from insufficient investment in innovation . Amongst the various diagnoses , the research in the initiative explores the following five factors :
the research in this [action] derives from the belief that for one reason or another , britain 's economic decline stems at least in part from insufficient investment in innovation . amongst the various diagnoses , the research in the [action] explores the following five factors :

Decision-making on change was decentralised , especially in manufacturing ; the initiative for changes involving new equipment came from the industrial establishment in the majority of cases , although requiring the approval of head office ( in most cases ) or divisional office ( in a minority of cases ) .
decision-making on change was decentralised , especially in manufacturing ; the [action] for changes involving new equipment came from the industrial establishment in the majority of cases , although requiring the approval of head office ( in most cases ) or divisional office ( in a minority of cases ) .

The Economic and Social Research Council launched in early 1985 a major , multi-disciplinary research initiative with the general objective of promoting research which will contribute to a greater understanding of the relatively poor performance of British industry , including the service sector , and which will lead to its improvement .
the economic and social research council launched in early 1985 a major , multi-disciplinary research [action] with the general objective of promoting research which will contribute to a greater understanding of the relatively poor performance of british industry , including the service sector , and which will lead to its improvement .

The research projects were commissioned within the first phase of this initiative .
the research projects were commissioned within the first phase of this [action] .

The research aims to bring out the character of the efficiency-effectiveness debate and the nature of accountable management as it is being developed through the Financial Management Initiative , the efficiency strategy and associated developments .
the research aims to bring out the character of the efficiency-effectiveness debate and the nature of accountable management as it is being developed through the financial management [action] , the efficiency strategy and associated developments .

The Broad Strategy document is a far-reaching policy initiative , developed by the National Executive Committee of the Union and approved at a recent Special Conference .
the broad strategy document is a far-reaching policy [action] , developed by the national executive committee of the union and approved at a recent special conference .

However , the management and financing of capital assets in the public sector has given rise to many problem areas , such as those associated with capital controls and deferred purchase arrangements in local authorities , poor asset utilisation , deteriorating physical condition and problems of financing asset replacement , and questions of how capital should be incorporated into devolved budgetary arrangements , such as the Financial Management Initiative in central government .
however , the management and financing of capital assets in the public sector has given rise to many problem areas , such as those associated with capital controls and deferred purchase arrangements in local authorities , poor asset utilisation , deteriorating physical condition and problems of financing asset replacement , and questions of how capital should be incorporated into devolved budgetary arrangements , such as the financial management [action] in central government .

This and other projects in the initiative will complement each other in specific areas .
this and other projects in the [action] will complement each other in specific areas .

An unusual opportunity to do this has arisen from the Social Change and Economic Life Initiative , which has gathered information in precisely this form .
an unusual opportunity to do this has arisen from the social change and economic life [action] , which has gathered information in precisely this form .

This project is part of the ‘ New technologies and the Firm ’ research initiative sponsored by ESRC/Department of Trade and Industry .
this project is part of the ‘ new technologies and the firm ’ research [action] sponsored by esrc/department of trade and industry .

Councillor , Convener of Edinburgh District Council 's disability sub committee , welcomes this new initiative .
councillor , convener of edinburgh district council 's disability sub committee , welcomes this new [action] .

Two developments are , firstly , that we are adopting a modular system , which we feel gives our students greater flexibility and , secondly , that through the Enterprise in Higher Education Initiative , we are building into all our modules transferable skills such as team building and presentation .
two developments are , firstly , that we are adopting a modular system , which we feel gives our students greater flexibility and , secondly , that through the enterprise in higher education [action] , we are building into all our modules transferable skills such as team building and presentation .

Another feature of the Enterprise Initiative is the development of employer partnerships , to work on ‘ live projects ’ .
another feature of the enterprise [action] is the development of employer partnerships , to work on ‘ live projects ’ .

To achieve this degree of conversational initiative the system will engage in plan generation and interpretation as the means of understanding linguistic acts .
to achieve this degree of conversational [action] the system will engage in plan generation and interpretation as the means of understanding linguistic acts .

Ageing initiative : international conference
ageing [action] : international conference

Co-ordinator for the 16-19 initiative
co-ordinator for the 16-19 [action]

The grant is awarded to pay toward the costs of a series of three workshops , the purpose of which is to disseminate 16-19 Initiative findings .
the grant is awarded to pay toward the costs of a series of three workshops , the purpose of which is to disseminate 16-19 [action] findings .

This research aims to provide evidence on whether the experience of claiming benefits saps peoples ' independence and initiative and undermines incentives to seek jobs and work hard at them .
this research aims to provide evidence on whether the experience of claiming benefits saps peoples ' independence and [action] and undermines incentives to seek jobs and work hard at them .

The social factors affecting the employment of older women in Britain will be examined in this research , which uses the work and family history data from the 1987 Social Life and Economic Change Initiative and the General Household Survey for the years 1987-89 .
the social factors affecting the employment of older women in britain will be examined in this research , which uses the work and family history data from the 1987 social life and economic change [action] and the general household survey for the years 1987-89 .

The Social Work Research Centre was established in the Sociology Department at the University of Stirling on the initiative of two bodies , the Economic and Social Research Council and the Social Work Services Group of the Scottish Education Department .
the social work research centre was established in the sociology department at the university of stirling on the [action] of two bodies , the economic and social research council and the social work services group of the scottish education department .

Coventry is one of six localities selected for detailed study as part of the Social Change and Economic Life initiative .
coventry is one of six localities selected for detailed study as part of the social change and economic life [action] .

Generally , the approach in this initiative is based on the conviction that the primary and most basic interface between the individual and the social world is to be found in the day to day transactions he or she has with other individuals .
generally , the approach in this [action] is based on the conviction that the primary and most basic interface between the individual and the social world is to be found in the day to day transactions he or she has with other individuals .

There are two particular respects in which the investigators contribute to the picture of young people 's lives that emerge from this initiative .
there are two particular respects in which the investigators contribute to the picture of young people 's lives that emerge from this [action] .

This small-scale study aims to describe and evaluate one initiative in this field .
this small-scale study aims to describe and evaluate one [action] in this field .

Mr Frank Loughran of the University of Bristol ( Department of Social Administration ) is Research Co-ordinator for this initiative .
mr frank loughran of the university of bristol ( department of social administration ) is research co-ordinator for this [action] .

The first phase of this initiative funded seven projects pertaining to the following themes : the implications of social and economic changes in the country on children in care ; the effects of regional differences in administrative and policy procedures on children in care ; evaluation of alternative forms of care ; and the perception of care by children and other parties .
the first phase of this [action] funded seven projects pertaining to the following themes : the implications of social and economic changes in the country on children in care ; the effects of regional differences in administrative and policy procedures on children in care ; evaluation of alternative forms of care ; and the perception of care by children and other parties .

The pilot Technical and Vocational Education Initiative was introduced to England and Wales in 1983 and to Scotland in 1984 to explore and test new approaches to the education of 14-18 year-olds .
the pilot technical and vocational education [action] was introduced to england and wales in 1983 and to scotland in 1984 to explore and test new approaches to the education of 14-18 year-olds .

Synthesis of research from multicultural education initiative
synthesis of research from multicultural education [action]

Seven projects were funded under this initiative ; three focussed on multilingual education whilst the other four were concerned with the relationship of ethnic minority pupils with their white counterparts , their teachers and the organisational structure of schools .
seven projects were funded under this [action] ; three focussed on multilingual education whilst the other four were concerned with the relationship of ethnic minority pupils with their white counterparts , their teachers and the organisational structure of schools .

Coordinator to the Regional Research Laboratories initiative
coordinator to the regional research laboratories [action]

This new research initiative indicates the Council 's commitment to funding projects that will help information users of all kinds to take advantage of recent developments in information technology .
this new research [action] indicates the council 's commitment to funding projects that will help information users of all kinds to take advantage of recent developments in information technology .

This project studies the Northampton labour market as a part of a country wide initiative designed to investigate how labour markets operate under different economic and social conditions .
this project studies the northampton labour market as a part of a country wide [action] designed to investigate how labour markets operate under different economic and social conditions .

Involvement in the Initiative requires the Cambridge group to participate in the planning and execution of centrally organised surveys of work attitudes and work histories of individuals , and of households and employers .
involvement in the [action] requires the cambridge group to participate in the planning and execution of centrally organised surveys of work attitudes and work histories of individuals , and of households and employers .

This initiative is being undertaken by a consortium of European data archives and academic advisors .
this [action] is being undertaken by a consortium of european data archives and academic advisors .

The three components will enable the assessment of wider social , economic , and environmental objectives , as well as an assessment of the impact of an individual initiative .
the three components will enable the assessment of wider social , economic , and environmental objectives , as well as an assessment of the impact of an individual [action] .

This project forms part of the research initiative ‘ The Educational Needs of a Multiracial Society ’ .
this project forms part of the research [action] ‘ the educational needs of a multiracial society ’ .

’ Aquatic initiative , resuscitation and first aid , line throwing and swim and tow … it 's in all four disciplines that marks are given in competition , and Smith and Miss Stead were n't the only medal-winners to catch the eye at Queen 's .
’ aquatic [action] , resuscitation and first aid , line throwing and swim and tow … it 's in all four disciplines that marks are given in competition , and smith and miss stead were n't the only medal-winners to catch the eye at queen 's .

She described the excellent initiative a very , very good first step . ’
she described the excellent [action] a very , very good first step . ’

As you will be aware the Council has taken a major initiative to investigate the levels of participation and standards of performance in sport and physical recreation among young people .
as you will be aware the council has taken a major [action] to investigate the levels of participation and standards of performance in sport and physical recreation among young people .

As part of this initiative a Working Party has been established to consider four main issues :
as part of this [action] a working party has been established to consider four main issues :

As you may know , the Scottish Sports Council launched an initiative to examine School-Aged Sport at a seminar on 28 October 1987 .
as you may know , the scottish sports council launched an [action] to examine school-aged sport at a seminar on 28 october 1987 .

Parliamentary responses to government efficiency and effectiveness initiative
parliamentary responses to government efficiency and effectiveness [action]

This more exclusivist approach can be seen in some of the proposals embodied in Mr Gorbachev 's Murmansk Initiative most of which was directed to the Nordic and other Arctic states .
this more exclusivist approach can be seen in some of the proposals embodied in mr gorbachev 's murmansk [action] most of which was directed to the nordic and other arctic states .

to observe by following the reactions and negotiations of parties and political movements what happens to the British Government 's present initiative in Northern Ireland , its direct impact on and relationship to Irish politics , and its probable indirect effect on Scotland ; and to describe and analyse the kinds of political argument used ;
to observe by following the reactions and negotiations of parties and political movements what happens to the british government 's present [action] in northern ireland , its direct impact on and relationship to irish politics , and its probable indirect effect on scotland ; and to describe and analyse the kinds of political argument used ;

Second , local and regional government will have to be created and is more likely to require and use powers of economic initiative .
second , local and regional government will have to be created and is more likely to require and use powers of economic [action] .

Some people may take action mainly on their own initiative .
some people may take action mainly on their own [action] .

Within seven minutes Portadown were ahead with an Ian Brown drop goal before Malone seized the initiative with two tries in a 15 minute spell — McAllister with Wilkinson converting and John McDonald adding the second before an Ian Brown penalty left Portadown six points in arrears at the interval 12–6 .
within seven minutes portadown were ahead with an ian brown drop goal before malone seized the [action] with two tries in a 15 minute spell — mcallister with wilkinson converting and john mcdonald adding the second before an ian brown penalty left portadown six points in arrears at the interval 12–6 .

But after this it was United who took the initiative as they sought to get back into the game .
but after this it was united who took the [action] as they sought to get back into the game .

Why they came into existence , whether those about which one has information represent the now-visible signs of a systematic attempt by the Ottomans to provide in the provinces muftis of a high standard , appointed by the central government , or whether , on the other hand , they came into existence in a more haphazard way , more by individual than by systematic `` governmental `` initiative , is difficult to say .
why they came into existence , whether those about which one has information represent the now-visible signs of a systematic attempt by the ottomans to provide in the provinces muftis of a high standard , appointed by the central government , or whether , on the other hand , they came into existence in a more haphazard way , more by individual than by systematic `` governmental `` [action] , is difficult to say .

If the fragmentary evidence from Baldock is comparable , both might well represent a reshaping of an existing layout as part of a general Roman initiative or of native imitation of contemporary development in nearby cities .
if the fragmentary evidence from baldock is comparable , both might well represent a reshaping of an existing layout as part of a general roman [action] or of native imitation of contemporary development in nearby cities .

We hope this initiative will encourage other solicitors to do housing work ’ .
we hope this [action] will encourage other solicitors to do housing work ’ .

The initiative is supported by the Dorset Training and Enterprise Council .
the [action] is supported by the dorset training and enterprise council .

One or two of the instructions are ambiguous , some of the parts do not fit together as they are supposed to and more than a little initiative is required to complete the project .
one or two of the instructions are ambiguous , some of the parts do not fit together as they are supposed to and more than a little [action] is required to complete the project .

Why do n't you start an initiative called something like ‘ Getting your Ass into gear ’ in which you encourage customers to highlight good and bad service .
why do n't you start an [action] called something like ‘ getting your ass into gear ’ in which you encourage customers to highlight good and bad service .

Bravd became aware that he had fumbled the initiative .
bravd became aware that he had fumbled the [action] .

The Junior Citizens Project held at Harwell 's Ridgeway House was for 10 to 11 year-old children from Wantage and Didcot junior schools to take part in initiative tests on safety .
the junior citizens project held at harwell 's ridgeway house was for 10 to 11 year-old children from wantage and didcot junior schools to take part in [action] tests on safety .

Over ten months ago , Wood Group Engineering Contractors initiated its Total Quality Management initiative .
over ten months ago , wood group engineering contractors initiated its total quality management [action] .

Editor Richard Felton , who writes a large proportion of the magazine himself , flew out to report on Shell Brazil 's initiative to fund sport and dance programmes for the street kids .
editor richard felton , who writes a large proportion of the magazine himself , flew out to report on shell brazil 's [action] to fund sport and dance programmes for the street kids .

He will be followed at 17.30 by Bencie Woll , the University 's Deaf Studies Initiative Co-ordinator .
he will be followed at 17.30 by bencie woll , the university 's deaf studies [action] co-ordinator .

Previously , each initiative — on advanced materials , manufacturing technology , biotechnology , high performance computing , global climate change and science education — was described in a pamphlet of a hundred pages or more that included detailed budgets of what each agency planned to spend .
previously , each [action] — on advanced materials , manufacturing technology , biotechnology , high performance computing , global climate change and science education — was described in a pamphlet of a hundred pages or more that included detailed budgets of what each agency planned to spend .

The German-American Academic Council was set up this month on the initiative of Germany to support projects and exchanges in science , including social science , and technology .
the german-american academic council was set up this month on the [action] of germany to support projects and exchanges in science , including social science , and technology .

The initiative for this venture came from within the company , and employees in many departments organised and handled every aspect of the day .
the [action] for this venture came from within the company , and employees in many departments organised and handled every aspect of the day .

Crawford said at the time that he identified with his character because he felt that the enthusiasm and initiative of youth was often undervalued by the older generation .
crawford said at the time that he identified with his character because he felt that the enthusiasm and [action] of youth was often undervalued by the older generation .

The almost simultaneous appearance of the two lithographed publications detracted from the dramatic importance of Lear 's initiative .
the almost simultaneous appearance of the two lithographed publications detracted from the dramatic importance of lear 's [action] .

Lear himself , however , was aware of the debt that Gould 's first publication owed to his initiative .
lear himself , however , was aware of the debt that gould 's first publication owed to his [action] .

Needless to say , the initiative led nowhere and the fighting continued .
needless to say , the [action] led nowhere and the fighting continued .

Given the atmosphere between the two countries , if only over quotas , the initiative took both delegates and journalists by surprise .
given the atmosphere between the two countries , if only over quotas , the [action] took both delegates and journalists by surprise .

One story that surfaced late in 1982 told of a bold Iraqi initiative at the time .
one story that surfaced late in 1982 told of a bold iraqi [action] at the time .

In April and May 1988 , having left the initiative over inland offensives for so many years to Iran , the Iraqis launched two swift attacks .
in april and may 1988 , having left the [action] over inland offensives for so many years to iran , the iraqis launched two swift attacks .

Without the King 's initiative there would have been no National Government .
without the king 's [action] there would have been no national government .

They believed that high levels of government spending were pre-empting resources that could have been used more productively in the private sector , that high taxes were stifling private enterprise , and that the abolition of the complex system of government regulations , interventions , and subsidies would unleash a new wave of private initiative and energy .
they believed that high levels of government spending were pre-empting resources that could have been used more productively in the private sector , that high taxes were stifling private enterprise , and that the abolition of the complex system of government regulations , interventions , and subsidies would unleash a new wave of private [action] and energy .

With a nod , the Apostate takes the initiative .
with a nod , the apostate takes the [action] .

Having gained that second term , Lange appointed himself Minister of Education , swapping his foreign affairs portfolio with Russell Marshall , thus signalling a major initiative in education reform .
having gained that second term , lange appointed himself minister of education , swapping his foreign affairs portfolio with russell marshall , thus signalling a major [action] in education reform .

With the Italian economy apparently hitting the stars , and a submerged economy estimated at around 20 — 30 per cent of the gross national product , it is easy to use Italy as the shining example of leaving things to individual initiative .
with the italian economy apparently hitting the stars , and a submerged economy estimated at around 20 — 30 per cent of the gross national product , it is easy to use italy as the shining example of leaving things to individual [action] .

But the Sandinista also took the initiative by training brigadistas up and down the country in preventive techniques like simple listening skills , bereavement counselling , relaxation methods , even family and group therapy .
but the sandinista also took the [action] by training brigadistas up and down the country in preventive techniques like simple listening skills , bereavement counselling , relaxation methods , even family and group therapy .

In Nigeria however , the discovery of the Koko dump led to the setting up of the Federal Environmental Protection Agency — a new initiative in environment policing .
in nigeria however , the discovery of the koko dump led to the setting up of the federal environmental protection agency — a new [action] in environment policing .

But if they do look up they will see a cat's-cradle of motley cables and wires that have a tale of initiative and rebellion to tell .
but if they do look up they will see a cat's-cradle of motley cables and wires that have a tale of [action] and rebellion to tell .

In that situation , why is he not taking the chance to make an announcement on a special economic initiative for Renfrewshire ? As part of that , the European social fund could have been used to give twice as much money to the area , because that is what Commissioner Millan wants to do , using the additionality provisions .
in that situation , why is he not taking the chance to make an announcement on a special economic [action] for renfrewshire ? as part of that , the european social fund could have been used to give twice as much money to the area , because that is what commissioner millan wants to do , using the additionality provisions .

Friend referred to his experience as a Minister — that when a new scheme is introduced , there will always be somebody who did the same thing on his own initiative in the previous year and who feels that those who benefit from the newly introduced scheme are receiving an unfair advantage over the individual who took the real risk and did it himself .
friend referred to his experience as a minister — that when a new scheme is introduced , there will always be somebody who did the same thing on his own [action] in the previous year and who feels that those who benefit from the newly introduced scheme are receiving an unfair advantage over the individual who took the real risk and did it himself .

Middlesbrough and Newcastle are among the 11 local authorities chosen to be the pacemaker front-runners in the new city challenge initiative .
middlesbrough and newcastle are among the 11 local authorities chosen to be the pacemaker front-runners in the new city challenge [action] .

There is the regional enterprise grant scheme for very small businesses and consultancy support for firms under the enterprise initiative .
there is the regional enterprise grant scheme for very small businesses and consultancy support for firms under the enterprise [action] .

stake in the project , a fluid bed boiler of the same size and design was built at a mine in Lorraine on the initiative of the French Government , who funded 60 per cent .
stake in the project , a fluid bed boiler of the same size and design was built at a mine in lorraine on the [action] of the french government , who funded 60 per cent .

That means that the Commission will not have the sole right of initiative and the European Court will have no jurisdiction .
that means that the commission will not have the sole right of [action] and the european court will have no jurisdiction .

One other initiative was announced in a written answer to me only today , so it is topical and relevant .
one other [action] was announced in a written answer to me only today , so it is topical and relevant .

That is a result of the Government 's £300 million special homeless initiative in London and the south-east last year and this year .
that is a result of the government 's £300 million special homeless [action] in london and the south-east last year and this year .

Our other private sector initiative involves flats over shops .
our other private sector [action] involves flats over shops .

Even Roof magazine — not a magazine normally associated with the Tory party — has acknowledged that the Government 's £96 million three-year initiative to deal with rough sleeping is the most determined and comprehensive programme ever introduced to tackle the problem .
even roof magazine — not a magazine normally associated with the tory party — has acknowledged that the government 's £96 million three-year [action] to deal with rough sleeping is the most determined and comprehensive programme ever introduced to tackle the problem .

Since the rough sleepers initiative began , 900 places have been made available in houses and flats , 400 of which are permanent , and 700 more places have been made available in hostels and shelters .
since the rough sleepers [action] began , 900 places have been made available in houses and flats , 400 of which are permanent , and 700 more places have been made available in hostels and shelters .

One of the main reasons is that our system of democratic parliamentary self-government is incompatible with the Brussels machine , which has an unelected Commission with the sole power of initiative and right of veto , a Council of Ministers which legislates in secret , the so-called Parliament , which is not really a Parliament , has no roots in this country and will never be the focus of the hopes , aspirations and loyalties of our people , and a Community court , which in many ways is a political court and engine of federalism , standing above Parliament .
one of the main reasons is that our system of democratic parliamentary self-government is incompatible with the brussels machine , which has an unelected commission with the sole power of [action] and right of veto , a council of ministers which legislates in secret , the so-called parliament , which is not really a parliament , has no roots in this country and will never be the focus of the hopes , aspirations and loyalties of our people , and a community court , which in many ways is a political court and engine of federalism , standing above parliament .

The real initiative for timetabling Bills must come from Opposition parties .
the real [action] for timetabling bills must come from opposition parties .

Mortgage rescue schemes are an important part of that initiative .
mortgage rescue schemes are an important part of that [action] .

As to the cost of the measures , the two-year cost of the skill check initiative will be some £25 million and the cost of the pilot scheme of vouchers to help unemployed people to make use of open learning facilities will be £3 million .
as to the cost of the measures , the two-year cost of the skill check [action] will be some £25 million and the cost of the pilot scheme of vouchers to help unemployed people to make use of open learning facilities will be £3 million .

We all have our reasons for this initiative .
we all have our reasons for this [action] .

And finally , the Government 's quality initiative is providing £384,000 to finance a new medical day unit at Whipps Cross hospital .
and finally , the government 's quality [action] is providing £384,000 to finance a new medical day unit at whipps cross hospital .

Friend 's request Scottish Enterprise has established a defence industries initiative to help businesses and local enterprise companies exploit existing defence markets and develop diversification strategies .
friend 's request scottish enterprise has established a defence industries [action] to help businesses and local enterprise companies exploit existing defence markets and develop diversification strategies .

Following the initiative of my right hon. Friend the Prime Minister , the first committee of the United Nations General Assembly has adopted a resolution recommending to the assembly the establishment of a universal and non-discriminatory register of arms transfers .
following the [action] of my right hon. friend the prime minister , the first committee of the united nations general assembly has adopted a resolution recommending to the assembly the establishment of a universal and non-discriminatory register of arms transfers .

The Commission is present at the political co-operation meetings , which proves useful and important , but it does not have the monopoly of initiative , as it would have if the meetings took place under the treaty of Rome .
the commission is present at the political co-operation meetings , which proves useful and important , but it does not have the monopoly of [action] , as it would have if the meetings took place under the treaty of rome .

As a result of the United Kingdom initiative , the Internal Market Council of the European Community now receives regular updates on the implementation of single market measures .
as a result of the united kingdom [action] , the internal market council of the european community now receives regular updates on the implementation of single market measures .

Whether they live in the inner cities or elsewhere , they want choice to send their children to independent schools with the benefit of an assisted place , choice to send their children to grammar schools and choice under the new technology schools initiative .
whether they live in the inner cities or elsewhere , they want choice to send their children to independent schools with the benefit of an assisted place , choice to send their children to grammar schools and choice under the new technology schools [action] .

Will my right hon. Friend join me in congratulating the Prime Minister on his initiative yesterday with President Mitterrand on the Soviet Union ? Does he agree that it is a sign of considerable leadership that , right in the teeth of the complexity of the negotiations at Maastricht , the Prime Minister should have recognised that the awesome events on the other side of Europe may have an even larger say in the history of Europe ?
will my right hon. friend join me in congratulating the prime minister on his [action] yesterday with president mitterrand on the soviet union ? does he agree that it is a sign of considerable leadership that , right in the teeth of the complexity of the negotiations at maastricht , the prime minister should have recognised that the awesome events on the other side of europe may have an even larger say in the history of europe ?

Defence Industries Initiative
defence industries [action]

To ask the Secretary of State for Scotland how many direct employees of Scottish Enterprise are currently working on the defence industries initiative he announced on 14 October 1991 ; and if he will make a statement on the actions which have so far been taken .
to ask the secretary of state for scotland how many direct employees of scottish enterprise are currently working on the defence industries [action] he announced on 14 october 1991 ; and if he will make a statement on the actions which have so far been taken .

Against the background of the thousands of jobs that have been lost in the defence industries in the past couple of years , and the thousands likely to be lost in the future , is not the Government 's initiative wholly inadequate ? When will the Minister accept that only when the Government can find new money for research and development , retraining and investment in new facilities will there be a real impact on this serious problem in the Scottish economy ?
against the background of the thousands of jobs that have been lost in the defence industries in the past couple of years , and the thousands likely to be lost in the future , is not the government 's [action] wholly inadequate ? when will the minister accept that only when the government can find new money for research and development , retraining and investment in new facilities will there be a real impact on this serious problem in the scottish economy ?

The Minister will recall that when he was a Scottish Office Minister before , he offered Springburn a special initiative to help with unemployment .
the minister will recall that when he was a scottish office minister before , he offered springburn a special [action] to help with unemployment .

If the Minister is not prepared to shoulder the burden on behalf of the British taxpayer , is the time not right for him to work with the European Community in establishing a Europewide diversification initiative ?
if the minister is not prepared to shoulder the burden on behalf of the british taxpayer , is the time not right for him to work with the european community in establishing a europewide diversification [action] ?

More immediately , it was very good to see the Prime Ministers of Czechoslovakia and Hungary , and the acting Prime Minister of Poland , in Brussels on Monday , signing the association agreements between those countries and the Community and thus bringing to fruition an initiative begun by my right hon. Friend the Member for Finchley ( Mrs. Thatcher ) .
more immediately , it was very good to see the prime ministers of czechoslovakia and hungary , and the acting prime minister of poland , in brussels on monday , signing the association agreements between those countries and the community and thus bringing to fruition an [action] begun by my right hon. friend the member for finchley ( mrs. thatcher ) .

Does my hon. Friend agree that the continued success of beef exports is not only good news for the industry but is a powerful reminder , after all the scare stories last year , that British beef is among the best in the world ? Does he agree that the use of greater marketing expertise could open up still further opportunities for British exporters ? Can he tell us whether and how he will be using the new marketing initiative of his Ministry to assist exports in the industry ?
does my hon. friend agree that the continued success of beef exports is not only good news for the industry but is a powerful reminder , after all the scare stories last year , that british beef is among the best in the world ? does he agree that the use of greater marketing expertise could open up still further opportunities for british exporters ? can he tell us whether and how he will be using the new marketing [action] of his ministry to assist exports in the industry ?

Does my right hon. Friend accept that practically everyone in the House welcomes his initiative on repossessions , no matter what political claptrap we may hear later ? The main problem is the dead hand of local authorities , which keep tens of thousands of properties empty . Is it not time for an initiative to make local authorities hand over their property to housing associations , and could regional ombudsman be set up for that purpose ?
does my right hon. friend accept that practically everyone in the house welcomes his [action] on repossessions , no matter what political claptrap we may hear later ? the main problem is the dead hand of local authorities , which keep tens of thousands of properties empty . is it not time for an [action] to make local authorities hand over their property to housing associations , and could regional ombudsman be set up for that purpose ?

Has the Minister no shame about the fact that his Government have committed industrial genocide against Scottish manufacturing ? Is he aware that , in addition to what is happening at Ravenscraig , the Paisley postcode area lost 76 per cent . of its manufacturing jobs between 1979 and 1989 and that a further 3,600 redundancies have been announced since then ? Does he agree with the Prime Minister who told me in a letter this week that even that does not justify a special economic initiative or does he agree with local industry which is crying out for a partnership with Government to take Britain out of recession ?
has the minister no shame about the fact that his government have committed industrial genocide against scottish manufacturing ? is he aware that , in addition to what is happening at ravenscraig , the paisley postcode area lost 76 per cent . of its manufacturing jobs between 1979 and 1989 and that a further 3,600 redundancies have been announced since then ? does he agree with the prime minister who told me in a letter this week that even that does not justify a special economic [action] or does he agree with local industry which is crying out for a partnership with government to take britain out of recession ?

My recently announced initiative on bringing into use empty flats above shops will help to increase the total stock , as will the further reductions in mortgage rates announced last week and the suspension of stamp duty .
my recently announced [action] on bringing into use empty flats above shops will help to increase the total stock , as will the further reductions in mortgage rates announced last week and the suspension of stamp duty .

Does she consider that some new initiative is needed to stem police brutality in countries such as Brazil — where there are 10 million street children — Guatemala , Mexico and other countries ?
does she consider that some new [action] is needed to stem police brutality in countries such as brazil — where there are 10 million street children — guatemala , mexico and other countries ?

Friend 's waiting lists initiative , will he take special cognisance of that point and balance the distribution of that resource to reflect the age structure ?
friend 's waiting lists [action] , will he take special cognisance of that point and balance the distribution of that resource to reflect the age structure ?

Can Her Majesty 's Ministers use the time before there is any question of political talks resuming to take the initiative in the security situation in Belfast and elsewhere in the Province ? For normal political life to be maintained in Northern Ireland , is it not critical to defeat terrorism , and must not that defeat come before political changes or constitutional arrangements ?
can her majesty 's ministers use the time before there is any question of political talks resuming to take the [action] in the security situation in belfast and elsewhere in the province ? for normal political life to be maintained in northern ireland , is it not critical to defeat terrorism , and must not that defeat come before political changes or constitutional arrangements ?

The ’ next steps ’ initiative is making use of the best and most appropriate management practices from all sectors , such as contracting out , recruitment of chief executives from the private sector , performance pay , publication of reports and accounts , customer surveys , trading funds , and financial flexibility to carry money between financial years .
the ’ next steps ’ [action] is making use of the best and most appropriate management practices from all sectors , such as contracting out , recruitment of chief executives from the private sector , performance pay , publication of reports and accounts , customer surveys , trading funds , and financial flexibility to carry money between financial years .

Friend will be aware that the single market was an initiative originally pushed by the United Kingdom Government .
friend will be aware that the single market was an [action] originally pushed by the united kingdom government .

On security , is not the most urgent initiative to try to help the republics with the leaking trigger mechanisms of many of the nuclear devices on their territory ? Should not we as a practical matter offer them the facilities of Burghfield and Dounreay to do something about the beryllium and other toxic compounds which are doubtless leaking from ill-maintained equipment ? Even the manuals have been taken away by those who have found jobs in Iran and elsewhere .
on security , is not the most urgent [action] to try to help the republics with the leaking trigger mechanisms of many of the nuclear devices on their territory ? should not we as a practical matter offer them the facilities of burghfield and dounreay to do something about the beryllium and other toxic compounds which are doubtless leaking from ill-maintained equipment ? even the manuals have been taken away by those who have found jobs in iran and elsewhere .

Such comments come a bit rich from the Opposition , when they have opposed each and every training initiative that we have introduced during the past 12 years and when we are spending two and a half times as much in real terms as the Labour Government did .
such comments come a bit rich from the opposition , when they have opposed each and every training [action] that we have introduced during the past 12 years and when we are spending two and a half times as much in real terms as the labour government did .

To ask the Secretary of State for Health if he will make a statement on the operation of the general practitioner fund-holding initiative .
to ask the secretary of state for health if he will make a statement on the operation of the general practitioner fund-holding [action] .

Friend 's agreement to such a review and initiative is greatly to be welcomed .
friend 's agreement to such a review and [action] is greatly to be welcomed .

Is not my hon. Friend a little surprised that the Opposition seek to raise that point , given that the 1990 Act and other measures demonstrate that every major environmental initiative this century has been implemented by a Conservative Government ? Will my hon. Friend emphasise that Labour 's only policy on air pollution is to abolish nuclear power and replace it with coal-fired power — the net consequence of which could be only a massive increase in global warming ?
is not my hon. friend a little surprised that the opposition seek to raise that point , given that the 1990 act and other measures demonstrate that every major environmental [action] this century has been implemented by a conservative government ? will my hon. friend emphasise that labour 's only policy on air pollution is to abolish nuclear power and replace it with coal-fired power — the net consequence of which could be only a massive increase in global warming ?

We welcome the United Nations initiative on Somalia .
we welcome the united nations [action] on somalia .

The Government had the initiative to work with British Rail to introduce it .
the government had the [action] to work with british rail to introduce it .

That initiative has been widely welcomed .
that [action] has been widely welcomed .

We still await any perceptible Tory Government initiative in providing aid to the Soviet Union .
we still await any perceptible tory government [action] in providing aid to the soviet union .

Special programmes must be provided where needed to address the problems that refugees face through their past circumstances to give them equality of opportunity and to avoid eroding their talents and initiative .
special programmes must be provided where needed to address the problems that refugees face through their past circumstances to give them equality of opportunity and to avoid eroding their talents and [action] .

They rested secure behind their trade barriers , and it was above all a British initiative that led to the creation of the single European market .
they rested secure behind their trade barriers , and it was above all a british [action] that led to the creation of the single european market .

Gentleman will be aware that the agenda of the United Kingdom civil service is set by Ministers of the Crown , whereas the European Commission has the sole right of initiative .
gentleman will be aware that the agenda of the united kingdom civil service is set by ministers of the crown , whereas the european commission has the sole right of [action] .

Several times Robbie considered taking the initiative , but each time she thought better of it .
several times robbie considered taking the [action] , but each time she thought better of it .

Oliver would have had more sense and initiative .
oliver would have had more sense and [action] .

Bureaucracy is a dirty word even among bureaucrats , and in business there is a widespread view that managerial hierarchy kills initiative , crushes creativity , and has therefore seen its day .
bureaucracy is a dirty word even among bureaucrats , and in business there is a widespread view that managerial hierarchy kills [action] , crushes creativity , and has therefore seen its day .

One of business 's great contemporary problems is how to release and sustain among the people who work in corporate hierarchies the thrust , initiative and adaptability of the entrepreneur .
one of business 's great contemporary problems is how to release and sustain among the people who work in corporate hierarchies the thrust , [action] and adaptability of the entrepreneur .

Information resource management initiative : consultancy
information resource management [action] : consultancy

16-19 Initiative
16-19 [action]

Economic and political socialisation can be usefully conceived as the process that shapes young people 's understanding of , and attitudes towards , the economic and political system in which they live and which enables them to function in it . The initiative will focus particularly on three areas of adolescent development within this domain :
economic and political socialisation can be usefully conceived as the process that shapes young people 's understanding of , and attitudes towards , the economic and political system in which they live and which enables them to function in it . the [action] will focus particularly on three areas of adolescent development within this domain :

The contextualising of these different facets of development in terms of adolescent careers through education , the labour market , social and domestic life , their interaction with each other and the social and occupational structures of the geographical locality in which young people live will be another important feature of the initiative .
the contextualising of these different facets of development in terms of adolescent careers through education , the labour market , social and domestic life , their interaction with each other and the social and occupational structures of the geographical locality in which young people live will be another important feature of the [action] .

Besides helping to unravel the myriad interactions between adolescent development and social and occupational structures , the initiative will also be seeking answers to practical policy questions in the fields of education , training and employment .
besides helping to unravel the myriad interactions between adolescent development and social and occupational structures , the [action] will also be seeking answers to practical policy questions in the fields of education , training and employment .

This train leaving Shrewsbury at 14.27 is one of the trains with persistent loading problems and the use of a loco plus stock was a welcome initiative .
this train leaving shrewsbury at 14.27 is one of the trains with persistent loading problems and the use of a loco plus stock was a welcome [action] .

As Europe 's politicians reeled from the shock of Denmark 's rejection of the Maastricht Treaty , it was François Mitterrand , a fierce promoter of European integration and the Community 's longest-serving head of government , who took the initiative in seeking to resuscitate the Treaty .
as europe 's politicians reeled from the shock of denmark 's rejection of the maastricht treaty , it was françois mitterrand , a fierce promoter of european integration and the community 's longest-serving head of government , who took the [action] in seeking to resuscitate the treaty .

The ruler could not on his own initiative build fortresses , hire troops or alter the judicial system .
the ruler could not on his own [action] build fortresses , hire troops or alter the judicial system .

The rigidity of eighteenth-century naval tactics , embodied in detailed and restrictive fighting instructions and imbued with the idea of the importance of the line of battle and its preservation , undoubtedly discouraged initiative on the part of commanders .
the rigidity of eighteenth-century naval tactics , embodied in detailed and restrictive fighting instructions and imbued with the idea of the importance of the line of battle and its preservation , undoubtedly discouraged [action] on the part of commanders .

Despite her preoccupation , Folly was impressed with her assistant 's unexpected initiative .
despite her preoccupation , folly was impressed with her assistant 's unexpected [action] .

And she had obviously been right to guess that her assistant possessed more initiative than her current employer gave her credit for .
and she had obviously been right to guess that her assistant possessed more [action] than her current employer gave her credit for .

The following teacher 's writing illustrates how his pupils have gained in confidence and initiative .
the following teacher 's writing illustrates how his pupils have gained in confidence and [action] .

show initiative and originality in intellectual work ;
show [action] and originality in intellectual work ;

To avoid these difficulties in making formative assessments , our current curriculum development initiative , ‘ Learning Mathematics and Science through Investigative Work ’ ( Murphy and Denvir , in preparation ) , which focuses on assessment only insofar as it assists the teaching and learning process , aims to establish a rich meaning in the learning activities which are selected .
to avoid these difficulties in making formative assessments , our current curriculum development [action] , ‘ learning mathematics and science through investigative work ’ ( murphy and denvir , in preparation ) , which focuses on assessment only insofar as it assists the teaching and learning process , aims to establish a rich meaning in the learning activities which are selected .

Should there be a difference between the case where the demand comes from the seamen and that where the master takes the initiative with a generous offer ?
should there be a difference between the case where the demand comes from the seamen and that where the master takes the [action] with a generous offer ?

By concentrating on the diffusion stage , which was perceived as the weak point of instrumental approaches , interactive approaches sought to ensure the spread of change by taking into account the way in which the social relationships affected the adoption of an initiative ( Slater , 1985 ) .
by concentrating on the diffusion stage , which was perceived as the weak point of instrumental approaches , interactive approaches sought to ensure the spread of change by taking into account the way in which the social relationships affected the adoption of an [action] ( slater , 1985 ) .

Such a strategy assumes not only that the user will be persuaded by the rational appeal of the initiative ( as in instrumental approaches ) but that it will be ‘ legitimized by a range of social and cultural values , attitudes and skills to ensure commitment on the part of the initial users to adopt it .
such a strategy assumes not only that the user will be persuaded by the rational appeal of the [action] ( as in instrumental approaches ) but that it will be ‘ legitimized by a range of social and cultural values , attitudes and skills to ensure commitment on the part of the initial users to adopt it .

This planned initiative runs alongside individual action and studies show that this system is not deemed by the teachers to be incompatible with their creative freedom ( Bjerke , 1983 ) .
this planned [action] runs alongside individual action and studies show that this system is not deemed by the teachers to be incompatible with their creative freedom ( bjerke , 1983 ) .

Edinburgh District Council and the Green Belt Initiative are paying for materials and equipment ; Spokes are providing the labour ; Lothian Regional Council and Sustrans , ( the enterprising national path-building charity ) supply the expertise .
edinburgh district council and the green belt [action] are paying for materials and equipment ; spokes are providing the labour ; lothian regional council and sustrans , ( the enterprising national path-building charity ) supply the expertise .

The School Board is writing to support this initiative , and it would be most helpful if you could do likewise .
the school board is writing to support this [action] , and it would be most helpful if you could do likewise .

Procedures for obtaining funding , however , seem designed to stifle any enterprise and initiative .
procedures for obtaining funding , however , seem designed to stifle any enterprise and [action] .

The evidence for market-control shows how such a system responded to and impinged on new forms of local power and local initiative .
the evidence for market-control shows how such a system responded to and impinged on new forms of local power and local [action] .

The Edict of Pîtres in 864 strongly suggests the combination of political and fiscal reasons behind Charles 's determination to keep control of markets : others , presumably local magnates , had been setting them up on their own initiative , but the king now decreed that such markets were to be banned unless they secured royal authorisation , and royal agents were told to keep lists of those so authorised .
the edict of pîtres in 864 strongly suggests the combination of political and fiscal reasons behind charles 's determination to keep control of markets : others , presumably local magnates , had been setting them up on their own [action] , but the king now decreed that such markets were to be banned unless they secured royal authorisation , and royal agents were told to keep lists of those so authorised .

It began to prove its value when the members of pupils ' own groups helped each other and came not always to rely on the initiative or instruction of the teacher-tutor .
it began to prove its value when the members of pupils ' own groups helped each other and came not always to rely on the [action] or instruction of the teacher-tutor .

This represents a limiting view of initiative .
this represents a limiting view of [action] .

Of these , the involvement of governors in the curriculum relies heavily on the guidance and initiative of the head .
of these , the involvement of governors in the curriculum relies heavily on the guidance and [action] of the head .

They add : `` In any case , there is always a degree of uncertainty about outcomes at the beginnings of a new initiative , when alternatives are imprecisely mapped out and staff are to be engaged in a process of critical reflection .
they add : `` in any case , there is always a degree of uncertainty about outcomes at the beginnings of a new [action] , when alternatives are imprecisely mapped out and staff are to be engaged in a process of critical reflection .

She had to use a lot of initiative and think on her feet .
she had to use a lot of [action] and think on her feet .

The Investors in People initiative launched last year continued to grow in activity .
the investors in people [action] launched last year continued to grow in activity .

An initiative to improve the skills of local film makers was also piloted .
an [action] to improve the skills of local film makers was also piloted .

The Producers Development Initiative offers help and advice in developing , producing and distributing their work in the international marketplace .
the producers development [action] offers help and advice in developing , producing and distributing their work in the international marketplace .

Thanks to this initiative , the attempted rising was put down in Madrid and Barcelona , though not without excesses and vandalism which did considerable harm to the Republican cause .
thanks to this [action] , the attempted rising was put down in madrid and barcelona , though not without excesses and vandalism which did considerable harm to the republican cause .

Despite the fact that he had not committed himself to the rising until the last moment , he was quickly consolidating the initiative he had taken in Morocco and was emerging as its sole leader .
despite the fact that he had not committed himself to the rising until the last moment , he was quickly consolidating the [action] he had taken in morocco and was emerging as its sole leader .

When told of Cavaletti 's initiative by the Italian embassy in Salamanca , Franco reacted favourably at first , but later began to raise objections .
when told of cavaletti 's [action] by the italian embassy in salamanca , franco reacted favourably at first , but later began to raise objections .

Given that San Sebastian was then a hive of intrigue and rumour ; that there were multiple connections between the parties involved ; and that they had a common interest in retaining political initiative in their own , civilian hands , it seems not impossible that the Falangists and Carlists were aware of the negotiations between Cavaletti and Aguirre .
given that san sebastian was then a hive of intrigue and rumour ; that there were multiple connections between the parties involved ; and that they had a common interest in retaining political [action] in their own , civilian hands , it seems not impossible that the falangists and carlists were aware of the negotiations between cavaletti and aguirre .

The Tangier initiative demonstrated that Spain would not interpret this as a passive state .
the tangier [action] demonstrated that spain would not interpret this as a passive state .

promotes sustained thinking , the use of initiative and extended communication ;
promotes sustained thinking , the use of [action] and extended communication ;

Projects provide the student with the opportunity to demonstrate personal initiative .
projects provide the student with the opportunity to demonstrate personal [action] .

It can be difficult to assess high-inference skills such as originality , commitment , initiative … etc .
it can be difficult to assess high-inference skills such as originality , commitment , [action] … etc .

Take the Initiative
take the [action]

They should not take the attitude that ‘ risk management is someone else 's business ’ ; rather , they should take the initiative .
they should not take the attitude that ‘ risk management is someone else 's business ’ ; rather , they should take the [action] .

Alternatively , taking the initiative might entail making the manager or employer aware of his or her responsibility .
alternatively , taking the [action] might entail making the manager or employer aware of his or her responsibility .

Engineers should take the initiative and look for opportunities to encourage greater awareness of risk issues within their organisation .
engineers should take the [action] and look for opportunities to encourage greater awareness of risk issues within their organisation .

a Regional Council Initiative :
a regional council [action] :

b Press Initiative :
b press [action] :

Professor Graham Hankinson , the Wimpey Professsor of Business at Thames Valley University said that even though companies were drastically curtailing their training and development activities , this initiative by Wimpey was a positive reflection of the company 's commitment to staff training at every level .
professor graham hankinson , the wimpey professsor of business at thames valley university said that even though companies were drastically curtailing their training and development activities , this [action] by wimpey was a positive reflection of the company 's commitment to staff training at every level .

Hampered by a lack of guidelines the Chancellor 's initiative to encourage private investment in public projects is off to a slow start .
hampered by a lack of guidelines the chancellor 's [action] to encourage private investment in public projects is off to a slow start .

It would be nice to think that a rapid flow of projects will be generated by this initiative and in due course this may be so .
it would be nice to think that a rapid flow of projects will be generated by this [action] and in due course this may be so .

About 24 teams from local businesses in the Cambridge area took up the Cambridge Regional College initiative , to complete a number of different challenges in support of the local community .
about 24 teams from local businesses in the cambridge area took up the cambridge regional college [action] , to complete a number of different challenges in support of the local community .

This initiative had the particular support of President Jaime Paz Zamora of Bolivia , who had noted that in most Latin American countries `` the indigenous peoples make up the largest seriously poor groups `` .
this [action] had the particular support of president jaime paz zamora of bolivia , who had noted that in most latin american countries `` the indigenous peoples make up the largest seriously poor groups `` .

Following a discreet initiative by the Rev .
following a discreet [action] by the rev .

The Enterprise for the Americas Initiative , launched by United States President Bush in June [ see pp .
the enterprise for the americas [action] , launched by united states president bush in june [ see pp .

The Montenegrin government endorsed the initiative , but on Jan. 24 Macedonia rejected Serbian overtures , preferring to continue its efforts to gain recognized independent statehood .
the montenegrin government endorsed the [action] , but on jan. 24 macedonia rejected serbian overtures , preferring to continue its efforts to gain recognized independent statehood .

In early January 1992 Gen. Nawaz made clear his intention to promote a peaceful settlement of the conflict , attending a meeting in Rome with representatives of ex-King Zahir Shah ( an initiative which was condemned by Hekmatyar ) .
in early january 1992 gen. nawaz made clear his intention to promote a peaceful settlement of the conflict , attending a meeting in rome with representatives of ex-king zahir shah ( an [action] which was condemned by hekmatyar ) .

His proposed referendum law , which would have given the president the right to call a referendum either on his own initiative or in response to a significant demand from voters in both Czech and Slovak republics , was also defeated .
his proposed referendum law , which would have given the president the right to call a referendum either on his own [action] or in response to a significant demand from voters in both czech and slovak republics , was also defeated .

Abandonment of Brooke initiative
abandonment of brooke [action]

Russian response to Soviet initiative
russian response to soviet [action]

In an unprecedented action , the army , on its own initiative , had arrested the seven on Aug. 15 to stand trial before a military court .
in an unprecedented action , the army , on its own [action] , had arrested the seven on aug. 15 to stand trial before a military court .

President Patricio Aylwin Azócar , whose period of office was due to end in March 1994 , " categorically " rejected a cross-party initiative announced on Aug. 7 to extend his mandate by a further two years .
president patricio aylwin azócar , whose period of office was due to end in march 1994 , " categorically " rejected a cross-party [action] announced on aug. 7 to extend his mandate by a further two years .

French initiative by Vauzelle
french [action] by vauzelle

European diplomatic initiative
european diplomatic [action]

New focus for Strategic Defence Initiative . ``
new focus for strategic defence [action] . ``

At French and Finnish initiative forestry experts from 30 east and west European countries met in Strasbourg on Dec. 18-19 , 1990 , for a conference on the protection of European forests .
at french and finnish [action] forestry experts from 30 east and west european countries met in strasbourg on dec. 18-19 , 1990 , for a conference on the protection of european forests .

At the initiative of the centrist faction , however , the Court adopted a new test of the constitutionality of state abortion laws , by considering whether or not they constituted an `` absolute obstacle or severe limitation to the abortion decision `` .
at the [action] of the centrist faction , however , the court adopted a new test of the constitutionality of state abortion laws , by considering whether or not they constituted an `` absolute obstacle or severe limitation to the abortion decision `` .

He was reported to have acted on individual initiative , in expression of his radical Islamic sympathies .
he was reported to have acted on individual [action] , in expression of his radical islamic sympathies .

Political integration initiative
political integration [action]

Three major citizens ' movements from eastern Germany — Democracy Now , the Peace and Human Rights Initiative and parts of New Forum — merged in Potsdam on Sept. 21 to form Alliance 90 ( the name under which these movements had contested elections in 1990 ) .
three major citizens ' movements from eastern germany — democracy now , the peace and human rights [action] and parts of new forum — merged in potsdam on sept. 21 to form alliance 90 ( the name under which these movements had contested elections in 1990 ) .

An initiative was now expected to amend to the relevant Article 18 of the federal constitution .
an [action] was now expected to amend to the relevant article 18 of the federal constitution .

It was reported on Dec. 3 , 1990 , that the leader of the Moslem Community Group of Ceuta , Ahmed Subaire , had announced the formation of a new political group , Iniciativa por Ceuta ( Initiative for Ceuta ) , which , he said , would participate in the forthcoming municipal elections .
it was reported on dec. 3 , 1990 , that the leader of the moslem community group of ceuta , ahmed subaire , had announced the formation of a new political group , iniciativa por ceuta ( [action] for ceuta ) , which , he said , would participate in the forthcoming municipal elections .

On May 28 , 1991 , the government announced a new transport initiative which would ( i ) bring to an end the monopoly of freight and passenger services on its own tracks in advance of an eventual privatization of British Rail ; ( ii ) improve grants for the construction of freight distribution facilities ; ( iii ) involve the private sector in more road construction ; and ( iv ) relieve urban road congestion .
on may 28 , 1991 , the government announced a new transport [action] which would ( i ) bring to an end the monopoly of freight and passenger services on its own tracks in advance of an eventual privatization of british rail ; ( ii ) improve grants for the construction of freight distribution facilities ; ( iii ) involve the private sector in more road construction ; and ( iv ) relieve urban road congestion .

Brooke initiative — Meetings of Anglo-Irish conference
brooke [action] — meetings of anglo-irish conference

; Association for a Yugoslav Democratic Initiative .
; association for a yugoslav democratic [action] .

37661-62 ] , which had first been launched in November 1989 at the initiative of the Italian Foreign Minister Gianni De Michelis .
37661-62 ] , which had first been launched in november 1989 at the [action] of the italian foreign minister gianni de michelis .

An extraordinary session of the Russian Federation Congress of People 's Deputies , called in February on the initiative of Yeltsin 's conservative opponents with the intention of holding a vote of no confidence in him , ended on April 5 as a triumph for Yeltsin .
an extraordinary session of the russian federation congress of people 's deputies , called in february on the [action] of yeltsin 's conservative opponents with the intention of holding a vote of no confidence in him , ended on april 5 as a triumph for yeltsin .

Funding for " Enterprise for the Americas " initiative
funding for " enterprise for the americas " [action]

Also during the meeting Khalid al-Hassan , one of the chief critics of Arafat 's pro-Iraqi policy , reiterated details of his controversial new initiative .
also during the meeting khalid al-hassan , one of the chief critics of arafat 's pro-iraqi policy , reiterated details of his controversial new [action] .

According to press reports Hassan 's plan received little support [ for Arafat initiative see p. 38117 ] .
according to press reports hassan 's plan received little support [ for arafat [action] see p. 38117 ] .

Brooke initiative talks
brooke [action] talks

There were few dramatic new developments during October in the Gulf crisis as such , the continuing build-up of the United States-dominated military response taking place against a background of diplomatic activity , of which the most notable feature was an apparently unsuccessful Soviet attempt to find some basis for a peace initiative .
there were few dramatic new developments during october in the gulf crisis as such , the continuing build-up of the united states-dominated military response taking place against a background of diplomatic activity , of which the most notable feature was an apparently unsuccessful soviet attempt to find some basis for a peace [action] .

The Belgians had led a diplomatic initiative urging the creation of an African intervention force to supervise an eventual ceasefire , which Belgium offered to support logistically and financially .
the belgians had led a diplomatic [action] urging the creation of an african intervention force to supervise an eventual ceasefire , which belgium offered to support logistically and financially .

The closing declaration welcomed the `` Enterprise for the Americas Initiative `` to promote regional trade and investments , launched by United States President Bush in June 1990 [ see p. 37526 ] , but considered the terms initially offered to be `` insufficient `` .
the closing declaration welcomed the `` enterprise for the americas [action] `` to promote regional trade and investments , launched by united states president bush in june 1990 [ see p. 37526 ] , but considered the terms initially offered to be `` insufficient `` .

Held on the initiative of Pakistan , its objective ( requiring a rapprochement between Massud and Hekmatyar ) was to reshape the discredited Afghan interim government by forming a wider alliance between Peshawar-based leaders and field commanders in Afghanistan .
held on the [action] of pakistan , its objective ( requiring a rapprochement between massud and hekmatyar ) was to reshape the discredited afghan interim government by forming a wider alliance between peshawar-based leaders and field commanders in afghanistan .

Imminent collapse of Brooke initiative
imminent collapse of brooke [action]

On Yeltsin 's initiative , representatives of the Russian Federation , Byelorussia , Kazakhstan and the Ukraine on Feb. 4 had begun talks aimed at establishing what would be in effect an alternative union to that proposed in the draft Union Treaty .
on yeltsin 's [action] , representatives of the russian federation , byelorussia , kazakhstan and the ukraine on feb. 4 had begun talks aimed at establishing what would be in effect an alternative union to that proposed in the draft union treaty .

Continuing fighting — Peace initiative
continuing fighting — peace [action]

The Japanese also launched in March a fresh initiative which called , among other things , for the creation of a special commission to monitor Khmer Rouge activities .
the japanese also launched in march a fresh [action] which called , among other things , for the creation of a special commission to monitor khmer rouge activities .

On Oct. 10 the California Supreme Court upheld by a six-to-one majority a term-limit initiative , Proposition 140 , which voters had narrowly approved in November 1990 .
on oct. 10 the california supreme court upheld by a six-to-one majority a term-limit [action] , proposition 140 , which voters had narrowly approved in november 1990 .

The ballot initiative , which limited State Assembly members to three two-year terms and state senators and most statewide elected officials to two four-year terms from 1991 onwards , was ruled a valid protection " against an entrenched dynastic legislative bureaucracy " ; the court rejected arguments from attorneys representing the legislature 's Democratic leadership that a legislator 's right to run for office and a voter 's right to choose a candidate would be unconstitutionally restricted .
the ballot [action] , which limited state assembly members to three two-year terms and state senators and most statewide elected officials to two four-year terms from 1991 onwards , was ruled a valid protection " against an entrenched dynastic legislative bureaucracy " ; the court rejected arguments from attorneys representing the legislature 's democratic leadership that a legislator 's right to run for office and a voter 's right to choose a candidate would be unconstitutionally restricted .

The initiative had been launched by citizen groups anxious to break up the relationship which had developed between pressure groups and entrenched state politicians , and to make the California legislature more responsive to the ordinary voters .
the [action] had been launched by citizen groups anxious to break up the relationship which had developed between pressure groups and entrenched state politicians , and to make the california legislature more responsive to the ordinary voters .

The most radical of these , Initiative 533 in Washington , extended to legislators at both federal and state level , but the legality of states limiting the terms of their federal representatives had been widely questioned .
the most radical of these , [action] 533 in washington , extended to legislators at both federal and state level , but the legality of states limiting the terms of their federal representatives had been widely questioned .

Voters on Feb. 16 turned down a popular initiative to introduce drastic limits on experiments on animals .
voters on feb. 16 turned down a popular [action] to introduce drastic limits on experiments on animals .

The effective implementation of a common foreign and security policy should take place within an institutional framework based on `` one decision-making centre , namely the Council ; harmonization and , where appropriate , unification of the preparatory work ; a unified secretariat ; a reinforced role for the Commission through a non-exclusive right of initiative ; adequate procedures for consulting and informing the European Parliament ; detailed procedures ensuring that the union can speak effectively with one voice on the international stage in particular in international organizations and vis-à-vis third countries `` .
the effective implementation of a common foreign and security policy should take place within an institutional framework based on `` one decision-making centre , namely the council ; harmonization and , where appropriate , unification of the preparatory work ; a unified secretariat ; a reinforced role for the commission through a non-exclusive right of [action] ; adequate procedures for consulting and informing the european parliament ; detailed procedures ensuring that the union can speak effectively with one voice on the international stage in particular in international organizations and vis-à-vis third countries `` .

In Chile , in an address to the Congress , Bush stated that the country 's economic policies put it in the `` forefront of the free-market movement now taking hold across Latin America `` and that this made it a `` prime candidate `` for debt relief proposed under the Enterprise for the Americas Initiative .
in chile , in an address to the congress , bush stated that the country 's economic policies put it in the `` forefront of the free-market movement now taking hold across latin america `` and that this made it a `` prime candidate `` for debt relief proposed under the enterprise for the americas [action] .

Communal unrest — Shekhar 's new Punjab initiative — President 's rule in Goa — New state governors
communal unrest — shekhar 's new punjab [action] — president 's rule in goa — new state governors

His call for the Israeli government to `` take the initiative for peace `` was interpreted as an appeal for a freeze on Israeli settlements in the Occupied Territories .
his call for the israeli government to `` take the [action] for peace `` was interpreted as an appeal for a freeze on israeli settlements in the occupied territories .

Nevertheless , efforts to limit incumbency suffered a setback when Washington state voters unexpectedly rejected the term-limit proposal , Initiative 553 [ see p. 38521 ] , after a broad coalition representing labour , women 's groups , teachers and lawyers organized against it .
nevertheless , efforts to limit incumbency suffered a setback when washington state voters unexpectedly rejected the term-limit proposal , [action] 553 [ see p. 38521 ] , after a broad coalition representing labour , women 's groups , teachers and lawyers organized against it .

Initiative 119 to legalize doctor-assisted suicide in Washington was also unexpectedly defeated , a result attributed to a well-financed campaign by Christian fundamentalists .
[action] 119 to legalize doctor-assisted suicide in washington was also unexpectedly defeated , a result attributed to a well-financed campaign by christian fundamentalists .

The Strategic Defence Initiative received $4,150 million , $1,000 million less than requested by Bush ; much of the money would finance deployment by 1996 of an initial , ground-based system of 100 interceptors capable of shooting down incoming missiles , rather than the space-based system conceived by Reagan .
the strategic defence [action] received $4,150 million , $1,000 million less than requested by bush ; much of the money would finance deployment by 1996 of an initial , ground-based system of 100 interceptors capable of shooting down incoming missiles , rather than the space-based system conceived by reagan .

They gave the armed forces broad powers to take the initiative from the local civilian authorities to expropriate property and financial assets , to mobilize the population and institutions in emergency zones , and to enter the universities and prisons , regarded as centres of recruitment and indoctrination for the Maoist Shining Path ( Sendero Luminoso ) guerrilla group .
they gave the armed forces broad powers to take the [action] from the local civilian authorities to expropriate property and financial assets , to mobilize the population and institutions in emergency zones , and to enter the universities and prisons , regarded as centres of recruitment and indoctrination for the maoist shining path ( sendero luminoso ) guerrilla group .

The initiative was part of a wider programme of constitutional reform , and the government subsequently confirmed that other changes — to restore the power of the president to remove commanders-in-chief of the armed forces , and to eliminate the in-built bias of the current political system to the right wing — would be presented in March 1992 .
the [action] was part of a wider programme of constitutional reform , and the government subsequently confirmed that other changes — to restore the power of the president to remove commanders-in-chief of the armed forces , and to eliminate the in-built bias of the current political system to the right wing — would be presented in march 1992 .

Talks on peace initiative
talks on peace [action]

The underlying cause of the problem was a 1978 initiative , Proposition 13 , which had more than halved local property taxes , thereby impoverishing local government .
the underlying cause of the problem was a 1978 [action] , proposition 13 , which had more than halved local property taxes , thereby impoverishing local government .

Even then Wilson refused to sign the budget bill until congress had passed enabling legislation which provided for a suspension of the minimum school financing requirement ( which , under the terms of a 1988 initiative , had been set at 40 per cent of the state 's general fund ) should the education loan be ruled unconstitutional in court .
even then wilson refused to sign the budget bill until congress had passed enabling legislation which provided for a suspension of the minimum school financing requirement ( which , under the terms of a 1988 [action] , had been set at 40 per cent of the state 's general fund ) should the education loan be ruled unconstitutional in court .

In separate declarations on Nov. 12 Serbia , Albania and Bulgaria expressed support for a Greek initiative to guarantee the existing borders of Macedonia , apparently designed to allay international concern about Greece 's intentions towards the former Yugoslav republic .
in separate declarations on nov. 12 serbia , albania and bulgaria expressed support for a greek [action] to guarantee the existing borders of macedonia , apparently designed to allay international concern about greece 's intentions towards the former yugoslav republic .

Talks on the future of Northern Ireland involving the leaders of the four constitutional parties in Northern Ireland and representatives of the Irish and United Kingdom governments [ the so-called " Brooke initiative " — see p. 39022 ] ended in failure in Belfast on Nov. 10 .
talks on the future of northern ireland involving the leaders of the four constitutional parties in northern ireland and representatives of the irish and united kingdom governments [ the so-called " brooke [action] " — see p. 39022 ] ended in failure in belfast on nov. 10 .

Referendum initiative against foreigners
referendum [action] against foreigners

The Foreign Ministers of Iran , Syria and Turkey , meeting in Ankara on Nov. 14 on the initiative of Turkey 's Prime Minister Suleyman Demirel , made clear their concern about the possible Kurdish nationalist ambitions of Iraqi Kurd leaders .
the foreign ministers of iran , syria and turkey , meeting in ankara on nov. 14 on the [action] of turkey 's prime minister suleyman demirel , made clear their concern about the possible kurdish nationalist ambitions of iraqi kurd leaders .

The new economic order would now be based `` on appreciation of the importance of labour , on market forces , the initiative of economic agents , on the participation of all property regimes [ including private property ] and on the action of the state to regulate and promote economic and social growth and development `` .
the new economic order would now be based `` on appreciation of the importance of labour , on market forces , the [action] of economic agents , on the participation of all property regimes [ including private property ] and on the action of the state to regulate and promote economic and social growth and development `` .

Brooke-Haughey meeting on Brooke initiative
brooke-haughey meeting on brooke [action]

Abortive Moroccan proposal for Arab peace initiative
abortive moroccan proposal for arab peace [action]

The government on July 20 , 1989 , launched a major initiative to protect the country 's environment .
the government on july 20 , 1989 , launched a major [action] to protect the country 's environment .

As the ANC-government talks began , de Klerk strongly attacked an initiative by Chief Mangosuthu Buthelezi , leader of the Inkatha Freedom Party and Chief Minister of the non-independent Kwazulu " homeland " , who unveiled on Dec. 1 a draft constitution for a new " state of Kwazulu-Natal " .
as the anc-government talks began , de klerk strongly attacked an [action] by chief mangosuthu buthelezi , leader of the inkatha freedom party and chief minister of the non-independent kwazulu " homeland " , who unveiled on dec. 1 a draft constitution for a new " state of kwazulu-natal " .

The German-Danish initiative brought together Denmark , Estonia , Finland , Germany , Latvia , Lithuania , Norway , Poland , Russia and Sweden .
the german-danish [action] brought together denmark , estonia , finland , germany , latvia , lithuania , norway , poland , russia and sweden .

Local peace initiative activities were themselves the targets of violence attacks .
local peace [action] activities were themselves the targets of violence attacks .

The bill , put forward on de Klerk 's initiative and covering the crimes of members of the security forces and the police as well as political prisoners , had been described during the parliamentary debate as a `` charter for crooks , criminals and assassins `` .
the bill , put forward on de klerk 's [action] and covering the crimes of members of the security forces and the police as well as political prisoners , had been described during the parliamentary debate as a `` charter for crooks , criminals and assassins `` .

An anti-homosexual initiative was passed in Colorado but turned down in Oregon ; California rejected proposals to give the Governor greater control over the budget and to allow doctor-assisted suicide for the terminally ill ; an equal rights amendment to give women statutory equal rights with men was rejected in Iowa ; environmental proposals on mandatory recyclable packaging and an excise tax on hazardous substances manufactured in the state were defeated in Massachusetts ; and Arizona voted to observe a state holiday in memory of the Rev .
an anti-homosexual [action] was passed in colorado but turned down in oregon ; california rejected proposals to give the governor greater control over the budget and to allow doctor-assisted suicide for the terminally ill ; an equal rights amendment to give women statutory equal rights with men was rejected in iowa ; environmental proposals on mandatory recyclable packaging and an excise tax on hazardous substances manufactured in the state were defeated in massachusetts ; and arizona voted to observe a state holiday in memory of the rev .

The inquiry , headed by Justice Michael Kempster , found that `` the initiative was not swiftly seized or held by the police `` .
the inquiry , headed by justice michael kempster , found that `` the [action] was not swiftly seized or held by the police `` .

Watanabe 's initiative proposed that Shikoton and the four islets collectively known as Habomai , be returned immediately , and that temporary Japanese administrative rights be granted over the two more populous islands — Etorofu and Kunashiri — prior to their being handed back .
watanabe 's [action] proposed that shikoton and the four islets collectively known as habomai , be returned immediately , and that temporary japanese administrative rights be granted over the two more populous islands — etorofu and kunashiri — prior to their being handed back .

With the dismissal of the Iranian initiative , remaining hopes of settling the conflict without a land war focused on Soviet mediation efforts , President Gorbachev having announced on Feb. 9 that he was sending his personal envoy Yevgeny Primakov to Baghdad .
with the dismissal of the iranian [action] , remaining hopes of settling the conflict without a land war focused on soviet mediation efforts , president gorbachev having announced on feb. 9 that he was sending his personal envoy yevgeny primakov to baghdad .

Feb. 2 Iranian peace initiative presented to Saddam Hussein , whose rejection is made known on Feb. 10 .
feb. 2 iranian peace [action] presented to saddam hussein , whose rejection is made known on feb. 10 .

Maj.-Gen. Chatichai Choonhaven , then Prime Minister of Thailand , met with all the Cambodian factions in Bangkok , the Thai capital , in early and mid-February in an attempt to win approval for a new initiative which called upon the warring groups to begin rebuilding the shattered Cambodian infrastructure before implementation of a peace settlement .
maj.-gen. chatichai choonhaven , then prime minister of thailand , met with all the cambodian factions in bangkok , the thai capital , in early and mid-february in an attempt to win approval for a new [action] which called upon the warring groups to begin rebuilding the shattered cambodian infrastructure before implementation of a peace settlement .

This deployment had been decided at a Feb. 1 meeting of the Lebanese Council of Ministers , as part of a Syrian-backed initiative to restore the authority of the Lebanese government within the terms of the 1989 Taif agreement [ see pp .
this deployment had been decided at a feb. 1 meeting of the lebanese council of ministers , as part of a syrian-backed [action] to restore the authority of the lebanese government within the terms of the 1989 taif agreement [ see pp .

The core of the neoliberal argument is the need to free enterprise and initiative from the dead hand of the state .
the core of the neoliberal argument is the need to free enterprise and [action] from the dead hand of the state .

Comprehensive state welfare also induces dependency , reduces incentives to work , and blunts initiative and enterprise .
comprehensive state welfare also induces dependency , reduces incentives to work , and blunts [action] and enterprise .

In their analysis of the Financial Management Initiative in the Civil Service Metcalfe and Richards argue that the government 's attempts to change management in government was based on the `` Taylorist `` view that management is about the control of routine functions within the organisation .
in their analysis of the financial management [action] in the civil service metcalfe and richards argue that the government 's attempts to change management in government was based on the `` taylorist `` view that management is about the control of routine functions within the organisation .

Apart from the inpatient waiting list initiative no extra resources were released for meeting the Charter standards , but meeting the standard for outpatient clinics may be at the expense of seeing fewer patients and a lengthening list for a first appointment .
apart from the inpatient waiting list [action] no extra resources were released for meeting the charter standards , but meeting the standard for outpatient clinics may be at the expense of seeing fewer patients and a lengthening list for a first appointment .

Students from all departments were invited to submit bids for up to £1000 to carry out a project of their own initiative that would develop their enterprise skills .
students from all departments were invited to submit bids for up to £1000 to carry out a project of their own [action] that would develop their enterprise skills .

The aim of the Enterprise Development Fund grant scheme is to support projects that will contribute to the achievement of the objectives of the enterprise initiative at Napier .
the aim of the enterprise development fund grant scheme is to support projects that will contribute to the achievement of the objectives of the enterprise [action] at napier .

the extent to which the planned project will contribute to the aims of the enterprise initiative ,
the extent to which the planned project will contribute to the aims of the enterprise [action] ,

Lastly , to operate alongside the CSFs and Integrated Development Operations were a number of Community Programmes , undertaken on the direct initiative of the Commission to address particular problems in certain areas .
lastly , to operate alongside the csfs and integrated development operations were a number of community programmes , undertaken on the direct [action] of the commission to address particular problems in certain areas .

* Take the initiative and negotiate with your supervisor for the most helpful arrangement ( see pp. 46 – 7 ) .
* take the [action] and negotiate with your supervisor for the most helpful arrangement ( see pp. 46 – 7 ) .

The provision of goods and services costs less , and their quality is improved : staff are highly motivated , leading to greater loyalty and job satisfaction and lower staff turnover ; the staff are respected and rewarded for using their initiative and suggesting improvements , and customer complaints are reduced .
the provision of goods and services costs less , and their quality is improved : staff are highly motivated , leading to greater loyalty and job satisfaction and lower staff turnover ; the staff are respected and rewarded for using their [action] and suggesting improvements , and customer complaints are reduced .

Employees are empowered to use their initiative to meet requests .
employees are empowered to use their [action] to meet requests .

De Gaulle 's response to this initiative was a calculated mixture of flexibility and intransigence .
de gaulle 's response to this [action] was a calculated mixture of flexibility and intransigence .

Capitant 's Union Gaulliste apparently intrigued de Gaulle , but not enough for him to lend it active support or even sanction , and de Gaulle 's reluctance to throw his weight behind this initiative doomed it to failure .
capitant 's union gaulliste apparently intrigued de gaulle , but not enough for him to lend it active support or even sanction , and de gaulle 's reluctance to throw his weight behind this [action] doomed it to failure .

De Gaulle had an obvious self-interest in pairing his controversial actions in May 1958 with the irreproachable initiative of June 1940 .
de gaulle had an obvious self-interest in pairing his controversial actions in may 1958 with the irreproachable [action] of june 1940 .

When Pflimlin resigned ( on 28 May ) , Coty took the initiative of inviting de Gaulle to form a government and threatening parliament with his own resignation if it denied de Gaulle .
when pflimlin resigned ( on 28 may ) , coty took the [action] of inviting de gaulle to form a government and threatening parliament with his own resignation if it denied de gaulle .

Rueff 's initiative was rather reminiscent of Monnet 's in 1945 : in both cases , de Gaulle 's reputation as a decisive policy-maker sympathetic to modernization encouraged a person with ambitious ideas to come forward .
rueff 's [action] was rather reminiscent of monnet 's in 1945 : in both cases , de gaulle 's reputation as a decisive policy-maker sympathetic to modernization encouraged a person with ambitious ideas to come forward .

France 's Algerian policy was his policy , not only in the sense that he made the critical decisions about when and how to launch an initiative or offer a concession , but because he personified the policy .
france 's algerian policy was his policy , not only in the sense that he made the critical decisions about when and how to launch an [action] or offer a concession , but because he personified the policy .

This bureaucratic initiative apparently reflected a new impatience in de Gaulle 's attitude towards the problem .
this bureaucratic [action] apparently reflected a new impatience in de gaulle 's attitude towards the problem .

The purpose of this initiative was to abandon integration .
the purpose of this [action] was to abandon integration .

This idea of a political confederation of the Common Market states — the other dimension of his European initiative — had been in the air since the first meeting with Adenauer in 1958 .
this idea of a political confederation of the common market states — the other dimension of his european [action] — had been in the air since the first meeting with adenauer in 1958 .

This became an issue in 1967 , as a result of his unpopular initiative in Canada .
this became an issue in 1967 , as a result of his unpopular [action] in canada .

Since provision of education for the lower orders was largely dependent on local initiative and attendance was usually a matter of parental inclination , both were haphazard .
since provision of education for the lower orders was largely dependent on local [action] and attendance was usually a matter of parental inclination , both were haphazard .

Of course , such an initiative as this needs to be flexible as not everyone will have the same background of experience , and individual needs will vary greatly .
of course , such an [action] as this needs to be flexible as not everyone will have the same background of experience , and individual needs will vary greatly .

To a point , the onus for acquiring these skills depends on the self-discipline and initiative of the trainees themselves .
to a point , the onus for acquiring these skills depends on the self-discipline and [action] of the trainees themselves .

It is vitally important for us to keep the initiative flowing to gain new members for the Society .
it is vitally important for us to keep the [action] flowing to gain new members for the society .

Although this programme has not yet started if you feel you have an initiative which could quality contact your representative and have a chat .
although this programme has not yet started if you feel you have an [action] which could quality contact your representative and have a chat .

Here the object of make is felt to be completely under the sway of the subject and so to have no initiative of its own : the causal agent brings about a change in this object in an immediate fashion without any room for a condition–consequence or stimulus–reaction relationship .
here the object of make is felt to be completely under the sway of the subject and so to have no [action] of its own : the causal agent brings about a change in this object in an immediate fashion without any room for a condition–consequence or stimulus–reaction relationship .

More and more Greeks and Macedonians moved into Palestine , either on royal initiative or by choice : they encouraged the Hellenization of the natives .
more and more greeks and macedonians moved into palestine , either on royal [action] or by choice : they encouraged the hellenization of the natives .

It is the library professionals who must take the initiative and lead the systems vendors in providing better systems for end-users .
it is the library professionals who must take the [action] and lead the systems vendors in providing better systems for end-users .

There are people who seem to like a tightly structured organisation where initiative is replaced by demand .
there are people who seem to like a tightly structured organisation where [action] is replaced by demand .

The leader has taken the initiative .
the leader has taken the [action] .

Perhaps he has just waited to see what was emerging and then stepped in quickly to take the initiative and carry forward the proposal which he has sensed is about to emerge .
perhaps he has just waited to see what was emerging and then stepped in quickly to take the [action] and carry forward the proposal which he has sensed is about to emerge .

The leader may also do a lot of listening but have the qualities , lacking in the others , of putting what he hears into an initiative .
the leader may also do a lot of listening but have the qualities , lacking in the others , of putting what he hears into an [action] .

Out-numbered , the two revenue men attempted to contact the Venturous with their portable radios for assistance , but as so often happens they had no success , and were forced to act on their own initiative .
out-numbered , the two revenue men attempted to contact the venturous with their portable radios for assistance , but as so often happens they had no success , and were forced to act on their own [action] .

The third initiative from last year concerned Night Courts .
the third [action] from last year concerned night courts .

The Committee was disappointed at the lack of progress in pursuing the initiative on televising the courts following the defeat in the previous year of the Private Member 's Bill to sponsor a pilot scheme .
the committee was disappointed at the lack of progress in pursuing the [action] on televising the courts following the defeat in the previous year of the private member 's bill to sponsor a pilot scheme .

Head : ‘ Does the closeness stilt initiative , stultify ? ’
head : ‘ does the closeness stilt [action] , stultify ? ’

The new project , which has been launched quietly and without fuss , mirrors a much more highly-publicised initiative — the World Association of Nuclear Operators — promoted some months ago by Lord Marshall , chairman of the Central Electricity Generating Board .
the new project , which has been launched quietly and without fuss , mirrors a much more highly-publicised [action] — the world association of nuclear operators — promoted some months ago by lord marshall , chairman of the central electricity generating board .

The Alliance and Leicester initiative is among measures to stem staff turnover now being explored by finance sector companies as the labour market tightens .
the alliance and leicester [action] is among measures to stem staff turnover now being explored by finance sector companies as the labour market tightens .

In a difficult endgame , however , inaccuracies by the Dutch grandmaster let Speelman seize the initiative again .
in a difficult endgame , however , inaccuracies by the dutch grandmaster let speelman seize the [action] again .

Financial problems aside , the company had already received the kiss of death in that , two years ago , the Department of Trade and Industry chose to feature it as a prime example of the Enterprise Initiative .
financial problems aside , the company had already received the kiss of death in that , two years ago , the department of trade and industry chose to feature it as a prime example of the enterprise [action] .

To them the traditional emphasis on voluntarism and private initiative , which had laid the foundation for Nonconformist power , needed re-examination or what a later generation would call ‘ rationalization ’ .
to them the traditional emphasis on voluntarism and private [action] , which had laid the foundation for nonconformist power , needed re-examination or what a later generation would call ‘ rationalization ’ .

Organization to control local initiative , let alone to define belief and practice and to fight the eighteenth-century tendency towards Unitarianism , had not been easy to achieve .
organization to control local [action] , let alone to define belief and practice and to fight the eighteenth-century tendency towards unitarianism , had not been easy to achieve .

The movement was not without criticism from those whose support might have been taken for granted ; Robertson Nicoll pronounced the 1894 Congress a ‘ failure ’ because ‘ it does not represent Nonconformity and it is wholly lacking in enthusiasm and initiative .
the movement was not without criticism from those whose support might have been taken for granted ; robertson nicoll pronounced the 1894 congress a ‘ failure ’ because ‘ it does not represent nonconformity and it is wholly lacking in enthusiasm and [action] .

Changing things gives you the initiative .
changing things gives you the [action] .

At the water jump on the second circuit — the fourteenth of the twenty-two fences — the mare dropped her hind legs in the water , and this mistake handed the initiative to Run And Skip .
at the water jump on the second circuit — the fourteenth of the twenty-two fences — the mare dropped her hind legs in the water , and this mistake handed the [action] to run and skip .

But as Honey End was among those balked , Buckingham seized the initiative and pulled Foinavon to the outside .
but as honey end was among those balked , buckingham seized the [action] and pulled foinavon to the outside .

Lacking in initiative , he would be obedient and obedience to employers came before that to his wife .
lacking in [action] , he would be obedient and obedience to employers came before that to his wife .

His consistent defence of Streicher and Stürmer anti-Semitism , together with his sanctioning of the Goebbels initiative to unleash the November pogrom of 1938 — to which he never publicly admitted — demonstrate the extent of the gulf between image and reality .
his consistent defence of streicher and stürmer anti-semitism , together with his sanctioning of the goebbels [action] to unleash the november pogrom of 1938 — to which he never publicly admitted — demonstrate the extent of the gulf between image and reality .

Threats to the survival of the empire and resentment at the Christian attitude to the celebrations of Rome 's millennium in 248 precipitated persecution on the initiative of the Emperor Decius in 250 ; he began his brief reign with a fierce and lethal attack , especially on bishops .
threats to the survival of the empire and resentment at the christian attitude to the celebrations of rome 's millennium in 248 precipitated persecution on the [action] of the emperor decius in 250 ; he began his brief reign with a fierce and lethal attack , especially on bishops .

Not all the causes he took up were quite the product of personal initiative that they later came to seem .
not all the causes he took up were quite the product of personal [action] that they later came to seem .

Casting around for a task for the Crown Prince , Palace advisers had considered putting him to work leading a development campaign within the Commonwealth , before the inner-city initiative seized his imagination .
casting around for a task for the crown prince , palace advisers had considered putting him to work leading a development campaign within the commonwealth , before the inner-city [action] seized his imagination .

Obviously you will have to use some initiative here in deciding what constitutes recordable exercise .
obviously you will have to use some [action] here in deciding what constitutes recordable exercise .

Weinberger told his deputy , after the meeting , that he thought the initiative had been ‘ strangled in its cradle ’ ; his deputy noted later that Weinberger ‘ also believed that nothing was really dead in Washington ’ .
weinberger told his deputy , after the meeting , that he thought the [action] had been ‘ strangled in its cradle ’ ; his deputy noted later that weinberger ‘ also believed that nothing was really dead in washington ’ .

By then , the initiative with Iran had snapped any moorings in the real world .
by then , the [action] with iran had snapped any moorings in the real world .

Individuals took initiative and unexpectedly applied rules which others had ignored in the interest of speedy administration .
individuals took [action] and unexpectedly applied rules which others had ignored in the interest of speedy administration .

Such men of enterprise and initiative as Lord Stevens and the publisher Lord Weidenfeld stood in huddles around television sets .
such men of enterprise and [action] as lord stevens and the publisher lord weidenfeld stood in huddles around television sets .

Ten minutes ahead on the clock , Short castled on the queenside and began a pawn advance which secured him the initiative .
ten minutes ahead on the clock , short castled on the queenside and began a pawn advance which secured him the [action] .

According to John Hume , director of human resources for Glaxo Group Research , more than 60 mothers have opted to use the childminding initiative since it was introduced a year ago .
according to john hume , director of human resources for glaxo group research , more than 60 mothers have opted to use the childminding [action] since it was introduced a year ago .

By any yardstick , starting even with television , the visiting countries have shown more initiative .
by any yardstick , starting even with television , the visiting countries have shown more [action] .

But Don Ramsden , secretary of the Midland Examining Group , said the initiative reduced the boards ‘ to the level of supermarkets ’ .
but don ramsden , secretary of the midland examining group , said the [action] reduced the boards ‘ to the level of supermarkets ’ .

Throughout the 1950s , '60s and '70s , both major political parties pursued Keynesian economic policies , deferred to the trade unions , and allowed overmanning and bureaucracy to strangle initiative .
throughout the 1950s , '60s and '70s , both major political parties pursued keynesian economic policies , deferred to the trade unions , and allowed overmanning and bureaucracy to strangle [action] .

The initiative comes from the Operational Requirements Staffs of the Naval , General , and Air Staffs ( now part of the Central Staff under the latest reorganization of the Ministry , but still carrying out the same function — see page 175 ) .
the [action] comes from the operational requirements staffs of the naval , general , and air staffs ( now part of the central staff under the latest reorganization of the ministry , but still carrying out the same function — see page 175 ) .

By October 1989 , therefore , the time was right for a concerted diplomatic initiative against drift-net fishing .
by october 1989 , therefore , the time was right for a concerted diplomatic [action] against drift-net fishing .

Unless an equitable premium can now be arrived at , confidence in this new Lloyd 's initiative — as well as the long-term future of the market — will be eroded .
unless an equitable premium can now be arrived at , confidence in this new lloyd 's [action] — as well as the long-term future of the market — will be eroded .

Iraq might , even at this stage , have stopped the war if it could have brought itself to accept , quickly , the diplomatic initiative advanced this week by the Soviet Union .
iraq might , even at this stage , have stopped the war if it could have brought itself to accept , quickly , the diplomatic [action] advanced this week by the soviet union .

Details of the Soviet initiative were kept secret but reports in the German newspaper Bild ( Chancellor Helmut Kohl was noticeably the first foreign leader to be told about the proposal ) and elsewhere revealed its outline .
details of the soviet [action] were kept secret but reports in the german newspaper bild ( chancellor helmut kohl was noticeably the first foreign leader to be told about the proposal ) and elsewhere revealed its outline .

The Soviet initiative builds on the ‘ peace offer ’ broadcast by Iraq 's own Revolutionary Command Council on February 15th .
the soviet [action] builds on the ‘ peace offer ’ broadcast by iraq 's own revolutionary command council on february 15th .

Reconciliation needs someone to take the initiative .
reconciliation needs someone to take the [action] .

Does n't that say something amazing about God 's love ? He who is the blameless party takes the initiative in running towards us to forgive .
does n't that say something amazing about god 's love ? he who is the blameless party takes the [action] in running towards us to forgive .

That is why Greenpeace have had to take the moral initiative …
that is why greenpeace have had to take the moral [action] …

‘ Moral initiative … a great movement for social change ’ ( to quote The Greenpeace Story again ) ?
‘ moral [action] … a great movement for social change ’ ( to quote the greenpeace story again ) ?

The president himself has quashed rumours that Egypt has been pursuing an Arab peace initiative , and rejected the idea of any ceasefire until the Iraqis have promised to withdraw from Kuwait .
the president himself has quashed rumours that egypt has been pursuing an arab peace [action] , and rejected the idea of any ceasefire until the iraqis have promised to withdraw from kuwait .

Having taken the initiative on the Northern Territories , officials of the ruling party are worried that they may not get all the co-operation they need from the civil service .
having taken the [action] on the northern territories , officials of the ruling party are worried that they may not get all the co-operation they need from the civil service .

Jacques Delors , the commission 's president , sees the commission 's monopoly of initiative as the foundation of its power ; it obliges the commission to lead .
jacques delors , the commission 's president , sees the commission 's monopoly of [action] as the foundation of its power ; it obliges the commission to lead .

He can take no more pleasure from a second initiative that is making its rounds on the Hill .
he can take no more pleasure from a second [action] that is making its rounds on the hill .

Throughout the year-long ‘ structural impediments initiative ’ talks that ended last June , the Americans pressed the Japanese government to abandon its single-minded support of businessmen , farmers and other interest groups and do something instead about providing better amenities for its people .
throughout the year-long ‘ structural impediments [action] ’ talks that ended last june , the americans pressed the japanese government to abandon its single-minded support of businessmen , farmers and other interest groups and do something instead about providing better amenities for its people .

Last June , at the end of the year-long ‘ structural impediments initiative ’ talks , American trade negotiators argued that Japan should spend more money on improving the country 's infrastructure .
last june , at the end of the year-long ‘ structural impediments [action] ’ talks , american trade negotiators argued that japan should spend more money on improving the country 's infrastructure .

The transition is easiest when the dictators themselves take the initiative .
the transition is easiest when the dictators themselves take the [action] .

Irritated by the idea at the heart of the initiative — mixing cash and staff from the public and private sectors — Treasury officials jumped in the other direction .
irritated by the idea at the heart of the [action] — mixing cash and staff from the public and private sectors — treasury officials jumped in the other direction .

These economic Robespierres have got the policy initiative partly because they are ready to take risks that others balk at .
these economic robespierres have got the policy [action] partly because they are ready to take risks that others balk at .

Though he denounced the American-led initiative to establish protected enclaves in the north as an infringement of Iraq 's sovereignty , he did not intervene as western soldiers got on with what is indeed a mighty infringement .
though he denounced the american-led [action] to establish protected enclaves in the north as an infringement of iraq 's sovereignty , he did not intervene as western soldiers got on with what is indeed a mighty infringement .

Since then the Russian Federation has taken the initiative .
since then the russian federation has taken the [action] .

The government has launched yet another initiative to help boost manufacturing industry . But nothing seems to stem the decline of engineering
the government has launched yet another [action] to help boost manufacturing industry . but nothing seems to stem the decline of engineering

Set up on the initiative of the secretary-general of the South African Council of Churches , the Reverend Frank Chikane , the Independent Board of Inquiry into Informal Repression has investigated five episodes in which the ‘ death squad ’ was involved .
set up on the [action] of the secretary-general of the south african council of churches , the reverend frank chikane , the independent board of inquiry into informal repression has investigated five episodes in which the ‘ death squad ’ was involved .

Opposition groups fear Communist attempt to regain the initiative Krenz offers ‘ round table ’ talks on free elections .
opposition groups fear communist attempt to regain the [action] krenz offers ‘ round table ’ talks on free elections .

But New Forum , the leading force in the independent opposition movement , remained sceptical yesterday , saying that the offer could be part of the Communists ' attempt to regain the initiative .
but new forum , the leading force in the independent opposition movement , remained sceptical yesterday , saying that the offer could be part of the communists ' attempt to regain the [action] .

The bomb that killed President Muawad appeared to have defeated or at least set back for many months the Arab initiative spearheaded by Morocco , Algeria and Saudi Arabia .
the bomb that killed president muawad appeared to have defeated or at least set back for many months the arab [action] spearheaded by morocco , algeria and saudi arabia .

Encouraged , Swindon at last began to take the initiative and Felgate saved Bolton by tipping Simpson 's shot over the bar .
encouraged , swindon at last began to take the [action] and felgate saved bolton by tipping simpson 's shot over the bar .

Some indication of the new , mature Baggio came last weekend when , on his own initiative , he drove up to Genna from Florence to visit Ivan Dell ‘ Oglio , a young Bologna fan hospitalised with serious burns after a bomb attack on a train before last June 's Fiorentina v Bologna game .
some indication of the new , mature baggio came last weekend when , on his own [action] , he drove up to genna from florence to visit ivan dell ‘ oglio , a young bologna fan hospitalised with serious burns after a bomb attack on a train before last june 's fiorentina v bologna game .

But he said it ‘ concerns a Christmas price promotion ’ and would be seen as a ‘ very important initiative ’ in the book trade .
but he said it ‘ concerns a christmas price promotion ’ and would be seen as a ‘ very important [action] ’ in the book trade .

Although they were not explored during the post-summit press conference , many additional items were discussed by Mr Bush and Mr Gorbachev , including the traditionally vexed question of Star Wars , the Strategic Defence Initiative .
although they were not explored during the post-summit press conference , many additional items were discussed by mr bush and mr gorbachev , including the traditionally vexed question of star wars , the strategic defence [action] .

United grabbed the initiative with a 22nd minute goal from Whitehouse , who seized on Sheffield 's only serious chance to score on the rebound from just inside the penalty area .
united grabbed the [action] with a 22nd minute goal from whitehouse , who seized on sheffield 's only serious chance to score on the rebound from just inside the penalty area .

Johnson should have increased their initiative in the 26th minute , in a dazzling move started , and almost finished , by Turner .
johnson should have increased their [action] in the 26th minute , in a dazzling move started , and almost finished , by turner .

‘ Even when there is not an immediate project in view , we have regular regional meetings with the district and county councils , with a lot of initiative also coming from the Welsh Office and the Development Boards for Rural Wales , ’ says Mark Causebrook , director for Regional Railways ( Central Area ) .
‘ even when there is not an immediate project in view , we have regular regional meetings with the district and county councils , with a lot of [action] also coming from the welsh office and the development boards for rural wales , ’ says mark causebrook , director for regional railways ( central area ) .

Ms Sheila McKechnie , director of Shelter , said : ‘ It is scandalous that almost two years after the initiative was announced , not one unit has even got the go-ahead for development . ’
ms sheila mckechnie , director of shelter , said : ‘ it is scandalous that almost two years after the [action] was announced , not one unit has even got the go-ahead for development . ’

‘ We are happy to support local schemes which wo n't worsen our mainstream business , and while hitherto we 've waited for passenger executives or consortiums to come to us with a proposal , we might in the future consider taking more initiative . ’
‘ we are happy to support local schemes which wo n't worsen our mainstream business , and while hitherto we 've waited for passenger executives or consortiums to come to us with a proposal , we might in the future consider taking more [action] . ’

The 30 per cent Club was an unashamedly political target , a ‘ first step ’ initiative .
the 30 per cent club was an unashamedly political target , a ‘ first step ’ [action] .

One of the fundamental principles on which the present day French and German constitutions are based , as will be seen later , is the need to preserve governmental stability and executive initiative in the day-to-day running of government .
one of the fundamental principles on which the present day french and german constitutions are based , as will be seen later , is the need to preserve governmental stability and executive [action] in the day-to-day running of government .

Private Members ' Bills not only preserve an important margin of policy initiative for backbench MPs , but Westminster 's increasing role as a centre for interest lobbying also strengthens its function as the crucible of interest representation in political life .
private members ' bills not only preserve an important margin of policy [action] for backbench mps , but westminster 's increasing role as a centre for interest lobbying also strengthens its function as the crucible of interest representation in political life .

Indeed , it is ironic that it is being pressed into use for ‘ social market ’ theories when the original papal encyclical seems closer to Mrs Thatcher than Ludwig Erhard : ‘ that which the individual can achieve through personal initiative should not be the business of society ’ .
indeed , it is ironic that it is being pressed into use for ‘ social market ’ theories when the original papal encyclical seems closer to mrs thatcher than ludwig erhard : ‘ that which the individual can achieve through personal [action] should not be the business of society ’ .

We will introduce across the country an initiative pioneered by Liberal Democrat-run councils such as South Somerset and Richmond .
we will introduce across the country an [action] pioneered by liberal democrat-run councils such as south somerset and richmond .

The present political initiative rests upon a consumer- or market-based perspective as the driving force for change , and upon the belief that managers within the service will respond to that direction .
the present political [action] rests upon a consumer- or market-based perspective as the driving force for change , and upon the belief that managers within the service will respond to that direction .

The first of these approaches has resulted in a programme called the ‘ Management Charter Initiative ’ , which is currently planning a nationwide training initiative with a highly flexible approach — bringing together in-house provision with higher education provision and suggesting a laddered approach to management development throughout the whole careers of those involved .
the first of these approaches has resulted in a programme called the ‘ management charter [action] ’ , which is currently planning a nationwide training [action] with a highly flexible approach — bringing together in-house provision with higher education provision and suggesting a laddered approach to management development throughout the whole careers of those involved .

Autonomy and entrepreneurship : the culture of effective organisations recognises and rewards creativity and initiative ; failure is not penalised .
autonomy and entrepreneurship : the culture of effective organisations recognises and rewards creativity and [action] ; failure is not penalised .

There is no consensus view as to what constitutes the most desirable traits but qualities such as intelligence , initiative , self-confidence , enthusiasm are regularly featured in studies .
there is no consensus view as to what constitutes the most desirable traits but qualities such as intelligence , [action] , self-confidence , enthusiasm are regularly featured in studies .

Labour will launch a National Health Initiative to promote physical and mental health from birth to old age .
labour will launch a national health [action] to promote physical and mental health from birth to old age .

This initiative will be led by the Department of Health and Community Care and by a new Cabinet committee that will cut through departmental boundaries .
this [action] will be led by the department of health and community care and by a new cabinet committee that will cut through departmental boundaries .

Our Health Initiative will set targets for better health , backed by effective action .
our health [action] will set targets for better health , backed by effective action .

It was a British initiative which launched the Single Market programme and our insistence which reformed the Community 's finances .
it was a british [action] which launched the single market programme and our insistence which reformed the community 's finances .

We have developed the popular Enterprise Initiative , under which 40,000 companies have been helped to buy in outside expertise offering key management skills .
we have developed the popular enterprise [action] , under which 40,000 companies have been helped to buy in outside expertise offering key management skills .

We now propose to develop this initiative further .
we now propose to develop this [action] further .

TECs and LECs will be closely involved in developing and implementing this new initiative .
tecs and lecs will be closely involved in developing and implementing this new [action] .

Launching the highly successful initiative under which schools are able to bid directly for the resources to become Technology Schools .
launching the highly successful [action] under which schools are able to bid directly for the resources to become technology schools .

The Technology Schools Initiative will be expanded across the country .
the technology schools [action] will be expanded across the country .

This year , two million students will participate in the Technical and Vocational Education Initiative .
this year , two million students will participate in the technical and vocational education [action] .

We will launch with the TECs a new initiative , giving people a voucher with which they can buy a ‘ skill check ’ , providing assessment and guidance on how to make the most of their working lives .
we will launch with the tecs a new [action] , giving people a voucher with which they can buy a ‘ skill check ’ , providing assessment and guidance on how to make the most of their working lives .

We will introduce a new initiative to encourage the provision of after-school facilities by schools , employers and voluntary groups across the country .
we will introduce a new [action] to encourage the provision of after-school facilities by schools , employers and voluntary groups across the country .

We will take forward our public appointments initiative .
we will take forward our public appointments [action] .

We will encourage them to participate in the Opportunity 2000 initiative .
we will encourage them to participate in the opportunity 2000 [action] .

We will carry forward a family support initiative , encouraging the voluntary sector to work in partnership with families and local authorities .
we will carry forward a family support [action] , encouraging the voluntary sector to work in partnership with families and local authorities .

The Safer Cities initiative , launched in 1988 , has successfully brought together local groups and agencies to tackle crime in some of our worst affected urban areas .
the safer cities [action] , launched in 1988 , has successfully brought together local groups and agencies to tackle crime in some of our worst affected urban areas .

We will launch a London 2000 initiative .
we will launch a london 2000 [action] .

We have spent more than £5 million on our radical Waiting Times Initiative , leading to the treatment of 35,000 extra patients .
we have spent more than £5 million on our radical waiting times [action] , leading to the treatment of 35,000 extra patients .

We will give further resources to our Rural Initiative .
we will give further resources to our rural [action] .

personal qualities and work characteristics , such as self confidence , co-operation , enthusiasm , leadership , attitudes , initiative and so on .
personal qualities and work characteristics , such as self confidence , co-operation , enthusiasm , leadership , attitudes , [action] and so on .

If you are a self starter and have decided on your own initiative that your boss needs yet another report , then check that you do possess convincing evidence that the issue is significant and it is not merely you that wishes to seem important .
if you are a self starter and have decided on your own [action] that your boss needs yet another report , then check that you do possess convincing evidence that the issue is significant and it is not merely you that wishes to seem important .

Even then she had taken the initiative .
even then she had taken the [action] .

But Home Office officials indicated that , in the absence of new evidence , Mr Waddington would make it clear that he would be unable to take any initiative .
but home office officials indicated that , in the absence of new evidence , mr waddington would make it clear that he would be unable to take any [action] .

But the initiative was rejected by the countries where tropical forests are being indiscriminately felled for quick cash profits .
but the [action] was rejected by the countries where tropical forests are being indiscriminately felled for quick cash profits .

Further information on how to save your village shop using community initiative can be obtained from your local branch of the Rural Development Commission . Katy Brown
further information on how to save your village shop using community [action] can be obtained from your local branch of the rural development commission . katy brown

The British initiative should also add a major impetus to bringing in EC-wide rules , now that more humane systems exist .
the british [action] should also add a major impetus to bringing in ec-wide rules , now that more humane systems exist .

That is why the British Tourist Association launched its ‘ Winning Words ’ initiative , to encourage the tourism industry to improve the service it offers to non-English speaking guests .
that is why the british tourist association launched its ‘ winning words ’ [action] , to encourage the tourism industry to improve the service it offers to non-english speaking guests .

The Commercial Initiative has published the Directory of Commercial Finance Lenders , a comprehensive guide on sources of finance .
the commercial [action] has published the directory of commercial finance lenders , a comprehensive guide on sources of finance .

The judges were impressed with Mr Salter 's initiative and ability in the selection , care and understanding of wine .
the judges were impressed with mr salter 's [action] and ability in the selection , care and understanding of wine .

Westminster City Council has taken the initiative and published its own code of practice for caterers on the implications of the Food Safety Act 1990 .
westminster city council has taken the [action] and published its own code of practice for caterers on the implications of the food safety act 1990 .

Whereas Arthur Rank could argue in the 1940s that the diversity of production activity within the company eliminated the dangers of monopoly , Davis did away with alternative centres of initiative .
whereas arthur rank could argue in the 1940s that the diversity of production activity within the company eliminated the dangers of monopoly , davis did away with alternative centres of [action] .

The dilemma of which he spoke was felt by filmmakers as they sought to make films that dealt with the pressing contemporary issues , at a time when the initiative in world affairs had passed decisively to the Americans .
the dilemma of which he spoke was felt by filmmakers as they sought to make films that dealt with the pressing contemporary issues , at a time when the [action] in world affairs had passed decisively to the americans .

One is a Methodist initiative in Belfast , and the other is from the Congregational churches in County Down .
one is a methodist [action] in belfast , and the other is from the congregational churches in county down .

The International Institute of Tropical Agriculture wants a breeder , to be based in Mozambique , as part of its African development initiative .
the international institute of tropical agriculture wants a breeder , to be based in mozambique , as part of its african development [action] .

The Policy Studies Institute devoted a volume in their study of London 's police to area police officers ( 1983b ) , and in 1981 the Home Office began a research initiative on beat policemen ( for some of the results see Brown and Iles 1985 ; Grimshaw and Jefferson 1987 ; Morris and Heal 1981 ) .
the policy studies institute devoted a volume in their study of london 's police to area police officers ( 1983b ) , and in 1981 the home office began a research [action] on beat policemen ( for some of the results see brown and iles 1985 ; grimshaw and jefferson 1987 ; morris and heal 1981 ) .

Policy initiative , set-piece engagements with the Opposition , even a starring role from the conference platform ( Heseltine has not delivered a speech there since 1985 ) remain the prerogative of those within the citadel of government .
policy [action] , set-piece engagements with the opposition , even a starring role from the conference platform ( heseltine has not delivered a speech there since 1985 ) remain the prerogative of those within the citadel of government .

The ideal grew out of one man 's initiative and people who referred to Sir Matt Busby as a visionary did so without hesitation because , of all the titles bestowed upon him , none appeared to be more appropriate .
the ideal grew out of one man 's [action] and people who referred to sir matt busby as a visionary did so without hesitation because , of all the titles bestowed upon him , none appeared to be more appropriate .

The Fox in Holgate Road , York was an outstanding beneficiary of the ‘ Tetley Heritage Pub ’ initiative of that time .
the fox in holgate road , york was an outstanding beneficiary of the ‘ tetley heritage pub ’ [action] of that time .

Under the governing body 's initiative , some karate competitions now include a random drug test .
under the governing body 's [action] , some karate competitions now include a random drug test .

It is to be noted that , in this , it was the laity who took the initiative .
it is to be noted that , in this , it was the laity who took the [action] .

The next significant event of constitutional relevance was the important initiative taken by the nationalist parties in Ireland in 1983–4 , the New Ireland Forum .
the next significant event of constitutional relevance was the important [action] taken by the nationalist parties in ireland in 1983–4 , the new ireland forum .

While falling way short of Amnesty International 's request for investigations into all ‘ disappearances ’ , this initiative is welcomed as a modest first step in the right direction .
while falling way short of amnesty international 's request for investigations into all ‘ disappearances ’ , this [action] is welcomed as a modest first step in the right direction .

That is why the initiative of God towards us is so vital for a new start in life and marriage : ‘ We love God because he first loved us .
that is why the [action] of god towards us is so vital for a new start in life and marriage : ‘ we love god because he first loved us .

The trap of performing types is to display their efficiency by constantly seizing the initiative .
the trap of performing types is to display their efficiency by constantly seizing the [action] .

The first requirement must be love of and pride in one 's country , which can grow only in men and women who genuinely feel they have a stake in it , however small ; men and women who know that their own initiative , ingenuity , and hard work will improve that stake and make fuller and more secure lives for their families .
the first requirement must be love of and pride in one 's country , which can grow only in men and women who genuinely feel they have a stake in it , however small ; men and women who know that their own [action] , ingenuity , and hard work will improve that stake and make fuller and more secure lives for their families .

The Minister 's initiative was deeply and immediately resented by those who saw it as an attack upon vested interests and professional autonomies : the teachers ( and especially their unions ) , the Local Education Authorities ( and especially the Association of Education Committees under its powerful Secretary , Sir William Alexander ) .
the minister 's [action] was deeply and immediately resented by those who saw it as an attack upon vested interests and professional autonomies : the teachers ( and especially their unions ) , the local education authorities ( and especially the association of education committees under its powerful secretary , sir william alexander ) .

The middle-school initiative , as it gathered momentum in the 1960s , was concerned with a great deal more than legalistic terminology .
the middle-school [action] , as it gathered momentum in the 1960s , was concerned with a great deal more than legalistic terminology .

Without the encouragement of interested colleagues , some scientists showed little initiative in applying their knowledge of antibiotic substances to practical ends .
without the encouragement of interested colleagues , some scientists showed little [action] in applying their knowledge of antibiotic substances to practical ends .

Self-confidence describes the dog 's ability to act on his own initiative and to face stressful situations without becoming fearful .
self-confidence describes the dog 's ability to act on his own [action] and to face stressful situations without becoming fearful .

Although the Brady debt initiative has gone some way to potentially alleviating the debt problems of Chile , Colombia , Costa Rica , Mexico and Uruguay — those countries which have made serious adjustments — two of the biggest debtors , Brazil and Argentina , remain outside the ring .
although the brady debt [action] has gone some way to potentially alleviating the debt problems of chile , colombia , costa rica , mexico and uruguay — those countries which have made serious adjustments — two of the biggest debtors , brazil and argentina , remain outside the ring .

Remarkably , Cambridge let the initiative dribble away in the third quarter despite spending most of that period camped in the Oxford half .
remarkably , cambridge let the [action] dribble away in the third quarter despite spending most of that period camped in the oxford half .

Foreign bankers and economists cautiously welcomed the minister 's initiative , but warned that he and President Menem should steel themselves for a ‘ very rough ride ’ during the next few weeks .
foreign bankers and economists cautiously welcomed the minister 's [action] , but warned that he and president menem should steel themselves for a ‘ very rough ride ’ during the next few weeks .

London police chiefs are understood , however , already to have been planning an initiative early next year which would lower height requirements .
london police chiefs are understood , however , already to have been planning an [action] early next year which would lower height requirements .

In a stimulating analysis of the Conservative response to the Land Campaign of 1912–14 , Fforde demonstrates how frightened the Conservatives were of Lloyd George 's initiative .
in a stimulating analysis of the conservative response to the land campaign of 1912–14 , fforde demonstrates how frightened the conservatives were of lloyd george 's [action] .

Following General Douglas MacArthur 's initial victories the change in the nature of the Korean operation was very much a British initiative .
following general douglas macarthur 's initial victories the change in the nature of the korean operation was very much a british [action] .

Bevin agreed with Attlee about the need to forestall the Russians , and took the initiative in drafting a resolution for the General Assembly authorizing the crossing of the 38th parallel with a view to establishing a unified , independent , and democratic government of all Korea .
bevin agreed with attlee about the need to forestall the russians , and took the [action] in drafting a resolution for the general assembly authorizing the crossing of the 38th parallel with a view to establishing a unified , independent , and democratic government of all korea .

Owned since its formation by the clearing banks ( eighty-five per cent ) and the Bank of England ( fifteen per cent ) , it represents a commercially successful , City-based initiative to help meet British industry 's long-term capital requirements .
owned since its formation by the clearing banks ( eighty-five per cent ) and the bank of england ( fifteen per cent ) , it represents a commercially successful , city-based [action] to help meet british industry 's long-term capital requirements .

You may remember that on that occasion the employers took the initiative in tabling a number of remarkable propositions about prices and profits .
you may remember that on that occasion the employers took the [action] in tabling a number of remarkable propositions about prices and profits .

Yet for lack of personnel , funds , and initiative , Bolshevik Party members were not making sufficient capital out of the situation .
yet for lack of personnel , funds , and [action] , bolshevik party members were not making sufficient capital out of the situation .

Others with more initiative from the administrative ranks had taken up farming .
others with more [action] from the administrative ranks had taken up farming .

Other lines showed more solidarity and local initiative .
other lines showed more solidarity and local [action] .

In organizing the session , the initiative will almost certainly have been with the commissioning radio producer who will have approached the record company or manager .
in organizing the session , the [action] will almost certainly have been with the commissioning radio producer who will have approached the record company or manager .

constitute the spinal column of the forces of development in the countryside … in the collective life the immense creative initiative of the people will be liberated .
constitute the spinal column of the forces of development in the countryside … in the collective life the immense creative [action] of the people will be liberated .

Woodford was developed as an initiative by the North Western Area .
woodford was developed as an [action] by the north western area .

Motability was set up in 1977 on the initiative of the government to help holders of mobility allowance and war pensioners ' mobility supplement use their allowance to obtain a vehicle .
motability was set up in 1977 on the [action] of the government to help holders of mobility allowance and war pensioners ' mobility supplement use their allowance to obtain a vehicle .

The main new initiative attempted by Callaghan was the dispatch of the much-respected former Cabinet minister , Cledwyn Hughes , to southern Africa in 1978 , partly to facilitate a continuing rapport with the Carter administration in Washington on relations with the illegal Smith regime .
the main new [action] attempted by callaghan was the dispatch of the much-respected former cabinet minister , cledwyn hughes , to southern africa in 1978 , partly to facilitate a continuing rapport with the carter administration in washington on relations with the illegal smith regime .

There was , in truth , little initiative that any British government could offer in the unpromising circumstances of 1977–8 .
there was , in truth , little [action] that any british government could offer in the unpromising circumstances of 1977–8 .

The evidence also suggests that , in the two weeks between the Prime Minister 's return from Guadeloupe and the subsequent attempts to settle the public-service strikes , there was a remarkable absence of initiative in the Cabinet and Whitehall and an unusual mood of despondency in Number 10 Downing Street .
the evidence also suggests that , in the two weeks between the prime minister 's return from guadeloupe and the subsequent attempts to settle the public-service strikes , there was a remarkable absence of [action] in the cabinet and whitehall and an unusual mood of despondency in number 10 downing street .

Almost in desperation , Mrs Thatcher seized the initiative with a political purge .
almost in desperation , mrs thatcher seized the [action] with a political purge .

There remained an inherent lack of energy , initiative , and perhaps ambition , a kind of public exhaustion .
there remained an inherent lack of energy , [action] , and perhaps ambition , a kind of public exhaustion .

Money will help volunteers involved in an English Nature initiative .
money will help volunteers involved in an english nature [action] .

Watford , among other clubs , have tried a similar initiative , though re-creating ‘ organic ’ communities of spectators is beyond the scope of well-intentioned clubs .
watford , among other clubs , have tried a similar [action] , though re-creating ‘ organic ’ communities of spectators is beyond the scope of well-intentioned clubs .

There is no difference between government coverage and party coverage in this respect except that government has more initiative in determining the news , which means that it has more opportunity than the opposition to ensure that its coverage is favourable .
there is no difference between government coverage and party coverage in this respect except that government has more [action] in determining the news , which means that it has more opportunity than the opposition to ensure that its coverage is favourable .

The composition of any Palestinian delegation remains one of two crucial issues at the heart of Likud 's opposition to the 10 points put forward by President Mubarak of Egypt and devised as clarifications of Israel 's own initiative .
the composition of any palestinian delegation remains one of two crucial issues at the heart of likud 's opposition to the 10 points put forward by president mubarak of egypt and devised as clarifications of israel 's own [action] .

The Prince of Wales 's recent initiative forms part of this detailed consideration of options .
the prince of wales 's recent [action] forms part of this detailed consideration of options .

Drivers themselves can not take the initiative since they can do nothing to relieve towns and cities of the extraordinarily wasteful and environmentally distasteful conditions which both they and the general public have to tolerate every day .
drivers themselves can not take the [action] since they can do nothing to relieve towns and cities of the extraordinarily wasteful and environmentally distasteful conditions which both they and the general public have to tolerate every day .

The success of this initiative came to be measured in terms other than purely personal achievement on the part of numbers of blacks learning to read and write .
the success of this [action] came to be measured in terms other than purely personal achievement on the part of numbers of blacks learning to read and write .

Last autumn the charity Business in the Community announced Opportunity 2000 , a business-led equal opportunities initiative to improve and increase the quality and quantity of women in the workforce by the year 2000 .
last autumn the charity business in the community announced opportunity 2000 , a business-led equal opportunities [action] to improve and increase the quality and quantity of women in the workforce by the year 2000 .

As a natural corollary of this initiative , extra-mural departments were permitted to provide courses at standards lower , and of shorter duration , than under the 1924 Regulations .
as a natural corollary of this [action] , extra-mural departments were permitted to provide courses at standards lower , and of shorter duration , than under the 1924 regulations .

The precise reasons for this apparently surprising appointment are not entirely clear as there appears to be no detailed documentation , but it is almost certain the initiative came from Harold Shearman , then District Chairman . Using the example of Cartwright at the Oxford Delegacy , Shearman sought to establish similar arrangements at Cambridge because :
the precise reasons for this apparently surprising appointment are not entirely clear as there appears to be no detailed documentation , but it is almost certain the [action] came from harold shearman , then district chairman . using the example of cartwright at the oxford delegacy , shearman sought to establish similar arrangements at cambridge because :

On the initiative of the Vice-Chancellor of the University , a Regional Consultative Council was established to achieve the purpose of the proposed Act and to represent the legitimate interests of the providers of adult education .
on the [action] of the vice-chancellor of the university , a regional consultative council was established to achieve the purpose of the proposed act and to represent the legitimate interests of the providers of adult education .

Both left with warm appreciations from the District Executive and District Council , both managed to win the friendship and confidence of many voluntary members in Essex : but it is clear from their correspondence with the District Office that they came to feel frustrated at having less freedom to use their initiative than tutor-organisers in other counties .
both left with warm appreciations from the district executive and district council , both managed to win the friendship and confidence of many voluntary members in essex : but it is clear from their correspondence with the district office that they came to feel frustrated at having less freedom to use their [action] than tutor-organisers in other counties .

They would have to act on their own initiative and consult with those ministers who were in London itself .
they would have to act on their own [action] and consult with those ministers who were in london itself .

Apart from a few individuals the hill sheep industry has shown remarkably little concern or demonstrated any important initiative in tackling this problem . Could farmers not co-operate in setting up hostel accommodation for trainees ?
apart from a few individuals the hill sheep industry has shown remarkably little concern or demonstrated any important [action] in tackling this problem . could farmers not co-operate in setting up hostel accommodation for trainees ?

Upon what authority do the clients participate and whose initiative was it that launched the participation ? Is participation voluntary and welcomed by the clients , or is it demanded of them by the action system , the change agent or even by some extraneous system , as in some parent-teacher associations ?
upon what authority do the clients participate and whose [action] was it that launched the participation ? is participation voluntary and welcomed by the clients , or is it demanded of them by the action system , the change agent or even by some extraneous system , as in some parent-teacher associations ?

From a rural development point of view it is preferable that such industries have a family or community labour base and that the initiative for their establishment comes principally from the community .
from a rural development point of view it is preferable that such industries have a family or community labour base and that the [action] for their establishment comes principally from the community .

Defeat today would pass the initiative to Bradford and Salford .
defeat today would pass the [action] to bradford and salford .

Indeed , one of the key features of the Nottinghamshire initiative was that it occurred in somewhat of a policy vacuum .
indeed , one of the key features of the nottinghamshire [action] was that it occurred in somewhat of a policy vacuum .

Programmes include : political campaigns and social action to develop play facilities for children aged 4–14 years ; a drop-in facility for anyone in the local neighbourhood ; a ‘ family friends ’ group ; a ‘ kidscape ’ project ; parents ' groups ; use of volunteers ; a home-school liaison project ; a scrap project providing employment and resources to the local community ; a health initiative .
programmes include : political campaigns and social action to develop play facilities for children aged 4–14 years ; a drop-in facility for anyone in the local neighbourhood ; a ‘ family friends ’ group ; a ‘ kidscape ’ project ; parents ' groups ; use of volunteers ; a home-school liaison project ; a scrap project providing employment and resources to the local community ; a health [action] .

The ‘ Saltire Society News Letter ’ welcomed the Association as ‘ a rare example of local initiative ’ .
the ‘ saltire society news letter ’ welcomed the association as ‘ a rare example of local [action] ’ .

They had to take the initiative , but they were encouraged to seek technical guidance wherever they could get it .
they had to take the [action] , but they were encouraged to seek technical guidance wherever they could get it .

Yes , yes , her mother had always been honest about her lack of initiative in that direction .
yes , yes , her mother had always been honest about her lack of [action] in that direction .

Real , less cavalier than under Leo Beenhakker , tried to consolidate and break ; but the offside flag abused them and the initiative remained with Barcelona , who went ahead after Eusebio was judged to have been tripped inside the area .
real , less cavalier than under leo beenhakker , tried to consolidate and break ; but the offside flag abused them and the [action] remained with barcelona , who went ahead after eusebio was judged to have been tripped inside the area .

They are accused of failing to use their initiative and not opening emergency gates .
they are accused of failing to use their [action] and not opening emergency gates .

Barry Quirke , chairman of the Institute of Statisticians , said : ‘ We would be very keen to support any initiative to set up an independent committee , so long as it has teeth .
barry quirke , chairman of the institute of statisticians , said : ‘ we would be very keen to support any [action] to set up an independent committee , so long as it has teeth .

They welcomed last month 's initiative by Mr Bush and called for a summit with him within 90 days .
they welcomed last month 's [action] by mr bush and called for a summit with him within 90 days .

The Australian initiative was rejected both by the Privy Council and the English courts , largely on the grounds that the common-law precedents were not compelling , that the full defence of self-defence should be applied indulgently in favour of those who use such force as they instinctively think necessary , and that the doctrine of provocation might be used to accommodate other cases .
the australian [action] was rejected both by the privy council and the english courts , largely on the grounds that the common-law precedents were not compelling , that the full defence of self-defence should be applied indulgently in favour of those who use such force as they instinctively think necessary , and that the doctrine of provocation might be used to accommodate other cases .

For the first time in the contest since the initial attack , Jacob 's adversary seizes the initiative .
for the first time in the contest since the initial attack , jacob 's adversary seizes the [action] .

We are reluctant to see the United States take the initiative in precipitating this development .
we are reluctant to see the united states take the [action] in precipitating this development .

The strange affair , which had begun by seeming distant — a vague shape on the horizon — was now moving towards him , like the coiled spring ; taking the initiative , advancing on his safety , menacing him .
the strange affair , which had begun by seeming distant — a vague shape on the horizon — was now moving towards him , like the coiled spring ; taking the [action] , advancing on his safety , menacing him .

Even though times are tough , Nicholson sees invention and initiative proliferating .
even though times are tough , nicholson sees invention and [action] proliferating .

‘ Initiative test , sir . ’
‘ [action] test , sir . ’

‘ Initiative test my foot .
‘ [action] test my foot .

Our research itself gained from its context as part of the recent Economic and Social Research Council ‘ Ageing Initiative ’ .
our research itself gained from its context as part of the recent economic and social research council ‘ ageing [action] ’ .

Sheffield-born and daughter of a cutlery master , she was herself notably active , running an allotment and still a working cutler : a woman with ‘ plenty of initiative and business capacity .
sheffield-born and daughter of a cutlery master , she was herself notably active , running an allotment and still a working cutler : a woman with ‘ plenty of [action] and business capacity .

In this context it is essential that the buyer retains the initiative , to end up with the products , materials and levels of service needed by the organisation and not those which the supplier wishes to provide .
in this context it is essential that the buyer retains the [action] , to end up with the products , materials and levels of service needed by the organisation and not those which the supplier wishes to provide .

Neither should the budget be treated as the little tin god that stifles all thought , initiative and development .
neither should the budget be treated as the little tin god that stifles all thought , [action] and development .

The Fijian traditional communal system of livelihood has a tendency to restrict initiative for commercial expansion and development so that there is a need to modify commercial values to meet with the demands of modern commercialism , This , in a nutshell , is what the Yalavou project sets out 10 do . ( Fiji Government 1982 : 71 )
the fijian traditional communal system of livelihood has a tendency to restrict [action] for commercial expansion and development so that there is a need to modify commercial values to meet with the demands of modern commercialism , this , in a nutshell , is what the yalavou project sets out 10 do . ( fiji government 1982 : 71 )

Resolution 242 became the corner-stone of almost every peace initiative that followed .
resolution 242 became the corner-stone of almost every peace [action] that followed .

Egypt 's 1977 peace initiative and entry into direct negotiations with Israel brokered by the United States at Camp David reinforced perceptions of American influence in the region .
egypt 's 1977 peace [action] and entry into direct negotiations with israel brokered by the united states at camp david reinforced perceptions of american influence in the region .

During the next three years , however , the initiative was seized by the radical left and not by moderate , cautious leaders in the John Hume mould .
during the next three years , however , the [action] was seized by the radical left and not by moderate , cautious leaders in the john hume mould .

The other radicals who were present argued that they should join with the eleven newly elected people , ‘ reasoning that since we held the initiative we would be able to force the pace , drag some of them along in our wake and force the others quickly to resign ’ .
the other radicals who were present argued that they should join with the eleven newly elected people , ‘ reasoning that since we held the [action] we would be able to force the pace , drag some of them along in our wake and force the others quickly to resign ’ .

Speaking in this sense did not mean a pleasant filial initiative on the telephone .
speaking in this sense did not mean a pleasant filial [action] on the telephone .

The Family Policy Studies Centre was established in February 1983 on the initiative of , and as a successor to , the Study Commission on the Family . The Centre is concerned with the association between family trends and public policy and , in particular :
the family policy studies centre was established in february 1983 on the [action] of , and as a successor to , the study commission on the family . the centre is concerned with the association between family trends and public policy and , in particular :

Its activities enabled the Heseltine campaign to seize the initiative and sustain a momentum which kept its opponents mostly on the defensive .
its activities enabled the heseltine campaign to seize the [action] and sustain a momentum which kept its opponents mostly on the defensive .

In a positive sense active citizenship has been said to involve voluntary work , local initiative and payment of one 's civic dues in service , not just cash .
in a positive sense active citizenship has been said to involve voluntary work , local [action] and payment of one 's civic dues in service , not just cash .

Many problems have a clear local manifestation ; local initiative and self-help must consequently provide the most apt solutions .
many problems have a clear local manifestation ; local [action] and self-help must consequently provide the most apt solutions .

The University of the Third Age is an encouraging initiative which stimulates older adults to teach and learn from each other , but we need a full range of imaginative provision .
the university of the third age is an encouraging [action] which stimulates older adults to teach and learn from each other , but we need a full range of imaginative provision .

If that was the plan then Wall Street certainly reacted correctly last night and the Group of Seven industrialised nations can be expected to discuss how to take the initiative further at this weekend 's meeting .
if that was the plan then wall street certainly reacted correctly last night and the group of seven industrialised nations can be expected to discuss how to take the [action] further at this weekend 's meeting .

The New Visions , New Voices initiative is restricted to ‘ anyone under 30 ’ .
the new visions , new voices [action] is restricted to ‘ anyone under 30 ’ .

This is an important initiative for the movement as a whole .
this is an important [action] for the movement as a whole .

The National Educational Guidance Initiative has published its comprehensive listing of educational information and advice services for adults .
the national educational guidance [action] has published its comprehensive listing of educational information and advice services for adults .

The latest moves followed the collapse of Prince Charles 's initiative to persuade the Crown Estate to purchase Mar Lodge .
the latest moves followed the collapse of prince charles 's [action] to persuade the crown estate to purchase mar lodge .

The company has used a modified version of the design in its proposal for the European Teraflop initiative .
the company has used a modified version of the design in its proposal for the european teraflop [action] .

The initiative failed shortly afterwards however due — it was said — to a French fisherman cutting the cable .
the [action] failed shortly afterwards however due — it was said — to a french fisherman cutting the cable .

The cabinet session — billed , like many before , as ‘ crucial ’ — is to discuss the 10 points submitted by President Mubarak to clarify Israel 's initiative for elections in the occupied territories .
the cabinet session — billed , like many before , as ‘ crucial ’ — is to discuss the 10 points submitted by president mubarak to clarify israel 's [action] for elections in the occupied territories .

They have directed a powerful light on the ambiguities of the initiative .
they have directed a powerful light on the ambiguities of the [action] .

This has not only exposed the underlying differences between Likud and Labour which the initiative papered over .
this has not only exposed the underlying differences between likud and labour which the [action] papered over .

The initiative for the change was British : full-backs , working in tandem , were catching forwards offside so often that games were becoming boring and gates were going down .
the [action] for the change was british : full-backs , working in tandem , were catching forwards offside so often that games were becoming boring and gates were going down .

This implies a dramatic shift in Moscow 's non-committal stance on the Western allies ' 1987 Berlin Initiative , which is expected to be the main subject of today 's talks .
this implies a dramatic shift in moscow 's non-committal stance on the western allies ' 1987 berlin [action] , which is expected to be the main subject of today 's talks .

Its recommendations come two weeks after national newspapers published their own declaration of principles and code of practice designed to improve self-regulation and avoid legislation — an initiative supported by Mr Blom-Cooper .
its recommendations come two weeks after national newspapers published their own declaration of principles and code of practice designed to improve self-regulation and avoid legislation — an [action] supported by mr blom-cooper .

We applaud the initiative of the East German citizens in liberating their secret police headquarters and share their regret that vital papers were destroyed in the shredder .
we applaud the [action] of the east german citizens in liberating their secret police headquarters and share their regret that vital papers were destroyed in the shredder .

Attempting to duck the consequences of hard decisions by leaving them to the last possible minute or by creating distance through solely informing parents by letter places the initiative in the hands of others .
attempting to duck the consequences of hard decisions by leaving them to the last possible minute or by creating distance through solely informing parents by letter places the [action] in the hands of others .

The implications of all this are that new military technologies are making conventional defence increasingly cost-effective compared with offence ( although this argument does not apply to nuclear defence , such as the Strategic Defense Initiative ) .
the implications of all this are that new military technologies are making conventional defence increasingly cost-effective compared with offence ( although this argument does not apply to nuclear defence , such as the strategic defense [action] ) .

Berwick Borough Council 's initiative in sponsoring a sustainable tourism strategy , which includes the Cheviot Hills and the Farne Islands , is to be welcomed .
berwick borough council 's [action] in sponsoring a sustainable tourism strategy , which includes the cheviot hills and the farne islands , is to be welcomed .

Given that constitutional proprieties hampered Victoria , the Emperor thought that a less restricted monarch might be more responsive to a diplomatic initiative .
given that constitutional proprieties hampered victoria , the emperor thought that a less restricted monarch might be more responsive to a diplomatic [action] .

The initiative to set up the relationship often comes from the client though , at times , this is difficult because he has to approach someone in a very different social position .
the [action] to set up the relationship often comes from the client though , at times , this is difficult because he has to approach someone in a very different social position .

Initially , the immigrants provided too much competition for the aspiring local working class , as , coming from countries where the process of industrialisation was under way , they were able to use their knowledge and experience to seize the initiative in entrepreneurial activity .
initially , the immigrants provided too much competition for the aspiring local working class , as , coming from countries where the process of industrialisation was under way , they were able to use their knowledge and experience to seize the [action] in entrepreneurial activity .

But the wealth of Lebanon is in private initiative , a wealth that needs social and civic security .
but the wealth of lebanon is in private [action] , a wealth that needs social and civic security .

One particularly interesting example is Kleinig 's conception of consent as ‘ an act in which one person tends to facilitate the initiative of another ’ in a manner which makes him a participant in that initiative who shares responsibility for it .
one particularly interesting example is kleinig 's conception of consent as ‘ an act in which one person tends to facilitate the [action] of another ’ in a manner which makes him a participant in that [action] who shares responsibility for it .

For example , though normally consent is given in response to an initiative of another it need not be .
for example , though normally consent is given in response to an [action] of another it need not be .

The second initiative was a decision to completely overhaul the emergency plan which would be used should an accident at Hinkley Point spread radiation outside the site boundary .
the second [action] was a decision to completely overhaul the emergency plan which would be used should an accident at hinkley point spread radiation outside the site boundary .

However , he also argued that , under imperial initiative , the process of social transformation in India could not be complete without either a proletarian revolution in Britain or ‘ the Hindoos themselves … grown strong enough to throw off the English yoke altogether ’ .
however , he also argued that , under imperial [action] , the process of social transformation in india could not be complete without either a proletarian revolution in britain or ‘ the hindoos themselves … grown strong enough to throw off the english yoke altogether ’ .

the English working class … can never do anything decisive here in England until it separates its policy with regard to Ireland in the most definite way from the policy of the ruling class , until it not only makes common cause with the Irish , but actually takes the initiative in dissolving the Union established in 1801 , and replacing it by a federal relationship .
the english working class … can never do anything decisive here in england until it separates its policy with regard to ireland in the most definite way from the policy of the ruling class , until it not only makes common cause with the irish , but actually takes the [action] in dissolving the union established in 1801 , and replacing it by a federal relationship .

Chemical tests have proved that the water from this sump makes a further journey underground , passing beneath the road and railway at Selside , then under the River Ribble , to reappear in a large pool , Tarn Dub , on the far bank of the river which , all initiative spent , it gently feeds along a surface channel .
chemical tests have proved that the water from this sump makes a further journey underground , passing beneath the road and railway at selside , then under the river ribble , to reappear in a large pool , tarn dub , on the far bank of the river which , all [action] spent , it gently feeds along a surface channel .

Then in May came another initiative :
then in may came another [action] :

When the captain discovered this little act of initiative he changed course so that the sea roared in through the ports and flushed passengers and their game of cards from the room .
when the captain discovered this little act of [action] he changed course so that the sea roared in through the ports and flushed passengers and their game of cards from the room .

Although some of these issues went beyond the main remit of his Inquiry , he drew the conclusion from this basic finding that only a national government-led initiative to deal with problems of policing , unemployment , poor housing , and racial disadvantage could get to the roots of the unrest .
although some of these issues went beyond the main remit of his inquiry , he drew the conclusion from this basic finding that only a national government-led [action] to deal with problems of policing , unemployment , poor housing , and racial disadvantage could get to the roots of the unrest .

Behind this report is a determination by the Board to take and hold the initiative over its constituent members .
behind this report is a determination by the board to take and hold the [action] over its constituent members .

Umpires are even empowered to use their own initiative to ensure that a game reaches an equitable outcome .
umpires are even empowered to use their own [action] to ensure that a game reaches an equitable outcome .

For example , if you were able to work out a new method of organizing stock shelves so that components were more quickly available to people on the factory floor this would show perfectly that you ‘ are able to show initiative ’ .
for example , if you were able to work out a new method of organizing stock shelves so that components were more quickly available to people on the factory floor this would show perfectly that you ‘ are able to show [action] ’ .

What does this show about my ability to show initiative and organizational skills ?
what does this show about my ability to show [action] and organizational skills ?

Being involved in running the students ' union shows many possible qualities — initiative , ability to communicate , organizational skills , energy and responsibility to name a few .
being involved in running the students ' union shows many possible qualities — [action] , ability to communicate , organizational skills , energy and responsibility to name a few .

Similarly , unemployed people who can show they have used their time constructively , in study or voluntary work for example , will be able to match themselves to jobs demanding the qualities this demonstrates — initiative , hard work , flexibility , reliability , etc .
similarly , unemployed people who can show they have used their time constructively , in study or voluntary work for example , will be able to match themselves to jobs demanding the qualities this demonstrates — [action] , hard work , flexibility , reliability , etc .

Driving is a useful skill , starting or running a parent — teacher association is proof of many useful abilities and qualities , fundraising for charity demonstrates energy , initiative and organizational ability .
driving is a useful skill , starting or running a parent — teacher association is proof of many useful abilities and qualities , fundraising for charity demonstrates energy , [action] and organizational ability .

Others may surprise you by being woefully unprepared and you may find yourself taking the initiative more often than you might have expected in order to be able to put across as many of your good points as possible .
others may surprise you by being woefully unprepared and you may find yourself taking the [action] more often than you might have expected in order to be able to put across as many of your good points as possible .

has initiative ,
has [action] ,

She/he is also looking for initiative and indications that you have given some thought to what the job will involve .
she/he is also looking for [action] and indications that you have given some thought to what the job will involve .

This does not mean you are lacking in initiative — just well organized .
this does not mean you are lacking in [action] — just well organized .

Interviewers are looking for enthusiasm and initiative
interviewers are looking for enthusiasm and [action]

Although if you are redundant or long-term unemployed you feel you have heard all of this before , the truth is that if you manage to keep alive some enthusiasm and initiative you have more chance of getting an interview than if you do not .
although if you are redundant or long-term unemployed you feel you have heard all of this before , the truth is that if you manage to keep alive some enthusiasm and [action] you have more chance of getting an interview than if you do not .

You are the person who has the initiative , so you should never need to arrange interviews , even one-off interviews , when you are pressed for time .
you are the person who has the [action] , so you should never need to arrange interviews , even one-off interviews , when you are pressed for time .

When you have reached the end of your questions and/or the time allotted and the candidate has no further questions you must take the initiative to wind up the interview .
when you have reached the end of your questions and/or the time allotted and the candidate has no further questions you must take the [action] to wind up the interview .

Because they are experts and you are not it is easy for them to take the initiative .
because they are experts and you are not it is easy for them to take the [action] .

Whereas urban policy on both sides of the Atlantic was originally justified as a form of welfare initiative , it is now presented in functional economic terms aiming to introduce growth to areas of depression or industrial decline .
whereas urban policy on both sides of the atlantic was originally justified as a form of welfare [action] , it is now presented in functional economic terms aiming to introduce growth to areas of depression or industrial decline .

But at another level it is significant that almost every new initiative in British urban policy in the last decade has involved a ‘ freeing up ’ of the labour market .
but at another level it is significant that almost every new [action] in british urban policy in the last decade has involved a ‘ freeing up ’ of the labour market .

Since Charles 's father claimed the throne of England as well as Scotland , however , he was virtually obliged to take the initiative and eventually , on Friday 1 November 1745 , the 5–6000 men of the Jacobite army , of whom 300–500 were cavalry , marched out of Edinburgh heading south and at Dalkeith split into two columns , one led by the Duke of Perth , going via Peebles , Moffat , Lockerbie and Ecclefechan , the other , led by Charles on foot , through Kelso , Jedburgh and Hawick .
since charles 's father claimed the throne of england as well as scotland , however , he was virtually obliged to take the [action] and eventually , on friday 1 november 1745 , the 5–6000 men of the jacobite army , of whom 300–500 were cavalry , marched out of edinburgh heading south and at dalkeith split into two columns , one led by the duke of perth , going via peebles , moffat , lockerbie and ecclefechan , the other , led by charles on foot , through kelso , jedburgh and hawick .

In the first example given below the teacher is quick to follow Bruce 's initiative , and to ask him to suggest a way of sharing .
in the first example given below the teacher is quick to follow bruce 's [action] , and to ask him to suggest a way of sharing .

’ We can see that God wants us to take the initiative to put things right no matter who is at fault .
’ we can see that god wants us to take the [action] to put things right no matter who is at fault .

They are devoid of initiative in political action , are content to be led , and are easily exploited .
they are devoid of [action] in political action , are content to be led , and are easily exploited .

the Access Initiative for Deaf Studies ;
the access [action] for deaf studies ;

Another anecdote on my brother 's wheelings and dealings , which struck me as really funny and proves that his initiative respected no boundaries .
another anecdote on my brother 's wheelings and dealings , which struck me as really funny and proves that his [action] respected no boundaries .

In some cases ( but only in Newham ) the development officer said she had had to take the initiative or ‘ push ’ to get a client admitted to an institution .
in some cases ( but only in newham ) the development officer said she had had to take the [action] or ‘ push ’ to get a client admitted to an institution .

Every troop has a leader and , putting it simply , the leader uses his initiative and the troops under him behave according to his directives and examples .
every troop has a leader and , putting it simply , the leader uses his [action] and the troops under him behave according to his directives and examples .

It is concerned with the whole person , body , soul and spirit combined … The human has its place too … Spiritual direction that ignores the structures of human emergence and its implied limitations as well as its possibilities will not be helpful to real human beings who are called to respond to God 's initiative in a truly human and whole manner ’ .
it is concerned with the whole person , body , soul and spirit combined … the human has its place too … spiritual direction that ignores the structures of human emergence and its implied limitations as well as its possibilities will not be helpful to real human beings who are called to respond to god 's [action] in a truly human and whole manner ’ .

The presentation to Treloar is the second such initiative this month to benefit young people in Hampshire .
the presentation to treloar is the second such [action] this month to benefit young people in hampshire .

He said — ‘ We are not here in this world to find elegant solutions , pregnant with initiative , or to serve the ways and modes of profitable progress .
he said — ‘ we are not here in this world to find elegant solutions , pregnant with [action] , or to serve the ways and modes of profitable progress .

His sole initiative was essentially a matter of housekeeping .
his sole [action] was essentially a matter of housekeeping .

He got the board to take the initiative in asking for a League inquiry , hoping that in return the sentence would be a light one .
he got the board to take the [action] in asking for a league inquiry , hoping that in return the sentence would be a light one .

The approach was a reaction to the days when teams took the field without any overall plan of how they were to set about winning , when the only initiative that came from management was to encourage friendships in the team so that players were more ready to discuss tactics among themselves .
the approach was a reaction to the days when teams took the field without any overall plan of how they were to set about winning , when the only [action] that came from management was to encourage friendships in the team so that players were more ready to discuss tactics among themselves .

Other bureaux have approached the prison on their own initiative .
other bureaux have approached the prison on their own [action] .

But the overwhelming size of the response to an initiative like ‘ Childline ’ indicates that it would be dangerous to conclude that young people do not have problems even if first attempts to tap them fail .
but the overwhelming size of the response to an [action] like ‘ childline ’ indicates that it would be dangerous to conclude that young people do not have problems even if first attempts to tap them fail .

At a time of enormous demands on the energies resources and initiative of the Department , and the Government proposals for changes in the legislative framework of bus operation , the development work on further cars underlines Blackpool Borough Council 's confidence in the future of the tramway .
at a time of enormous demands on the energies resources and [action] of the department , and the government proposals for changes in the legislative framework of bus operation , the development work on further cars underlines blackpool borough council 's confidence in the future of the tramway .

This conference is a very important initiative .
this conference is a very important [action] .

First , there has been a high degree of parallel and interactive effort by scientific , political and public information initiative over the last ten years .
first , there has been a high degree of parallel and interactive effort by scientific , political and public information [action] over the last ten years .

Merely by having a contract designed to protect the interests of the business already prepared , your employer may seize the initiative in any negotiations .
merely by having a contract designed to protect the interests of the business already prepared , your employer may seize the [action] in any negotiations .

The courts have made it clear that an employee who responds to an employer 's initiative by volunteering to go is not resigning , but making himself available to be dismissed .
the courts have made it clear that an employee who responds to an employer 's [action] by volunteering to go is not resigning , but making himself available to be dismissed .

Contrastingly , if you take the initiative by seeking early retirement , perhaps because you are in poor health , you may not have redundancy rights .
contrastingly , if you take the [action] by seeking early retirement , perhaps because you are in poor health , you may not have redundancy rights .

‘ Dr Lambert is perhaps best known for his initiative in the First World War towards the production of respirators .
‘ dr lambert is perhaps best known for his [action] in the first world war towards the production of respirators .

what is the point of asking a middle ranking executive about his greatest achievement at work in the past 10 years when he has probably been locked into office procedures laid down by senior management and where his scope for initiative has been restricted .
what is the point of asking a middle ranking executive about his greatest achievement at work in the past 10 years when he has probably been locked into office procedures laid down by senior management and where his scope for [action] has been restricted .

Pricing , costing and the resource management initiative
pricing , costing and the resource management [action]

The wider debate has , to some extent , tended to overshadow the resource management issue , which may be somewhat ironic as the resource management initiative , announced in 1986 , may well prove to be the most fundamental change of all .
the wider debate has , to some extent , tended to overshadow the resource management issue , which may be somewhat ironic as the resource management [action] , announced in 1986 , may well prove to be the most fundamental change of all .

Labour proposes to integrate all three under the banner of a National Health Initiative which will embrace the health impact of government policies in such areas as income , employment , transport , housing and environmental protection .
labour proposes to integrate all three under the banner of a national health [action] which will embrace the health impact of government policies in such areas as income , employment , transport , housing and environmental protection .

One way of doing this is to ensure that specialists implementing technical changes , eg the Resource Management Initiative , pay heed to the behavioural changes they expect to promote in managers and staff involved .
one way of doing this is to ensure that specialists implementing technical changes , eg the resource management [action] , pay heed to the behavioural changes they expect to promote in managers and staff involved .

Stimulated by this policy initiative and other favourable encouragement , there was an apparent upsurge in development activity .
stimulated by this policy [action] and other favourable encouragement , there was an apparent upsurge in development activity .

They were n't like other infantry , drilled to stand in line and fight until they fell or fled , but skirmishers , men of judgment and initiative , who had to decide for themselves when to fire , advance , retreat , surrender , or die .
they were n't like other infantry , drilled to stand in line and fight until they fell or fled , but skirmishers , men of judgment and [action] , who had to decide for themselves when to fire , advance , retreat , surrender , or die .

Technological changes came about as much by rank-and-file initiative as by management innovation .
technological changes came about as much by rank-and-file [action] as by management innovation .

In 1840 , the workmen at Wolverton , on their own initiative , founded a Mechanics Institute .
in 1840 , the workmen at wolverton , on their own [action] , founded a mechanics institute .

Worse still , of course , is the prospect of recording progress within ‘ the Record of Achievement ’ which all schools , at least at the secondary level , are likely to have by the early 1990s as a result of government policy and local initiative .
worse still , of course , is the prospect of recording progress within ‘ the record of achievement ’ which all schools , at least at the secondary level , are likely to have by the early 1990s as a result of government policy and local [action] .

Where were the important elements : inventiveness , initiative , adaptability , intellectual curiosity , sensitivity , confidence , determination ?
where were the important elements : inventiveness , [action] , adaptability , intellectual curiosity , sensitivity , confidence , determination ?

To gain experience in practical work , they went on their own initiative to slaughterhouses or the knacker 's yard ; horses were still almost the only animals seen at the College .
to gain experience in practical work , they went on their own [action] to slaughterhouses or the knacker 's yard ; horses were still almost the only animals seen at the college .

What on Hunter 's initiative had been a saving grace for the College on Vial 's death — the admission of veterinary students to lectures by surgeons and physicians — later became a source of complaint .
what on hunter 's [action] had been a saving grace for the college on vial 's death — the admission of veterinary students to lectures by surgeons and physicians — later became a source of complaint .

With Coleman gone , the practitioners lost no time in taking the initiative .
with coleman gone , the practitioners lost no time in taking the [action] .

As far as our school was concerned the timing of this initiative was a perfect match with our stage of development .
as far as our school was concerned the timing of this [action] was a perfect match with our stage of development .

In our view one of the difficulties associated with curriculum initiatives which originate from outside of the school is the temptation to say yes to good ideas , funds , and other resources , when the school has not reached the point where this particular initiative fits into its evolutionary development of staff and curriculum .
in our view one of the difficulties associated with curriculum initiatives which originate from outside of the school is the temptation to say yes to good ideas , funds , and other resources , when the school has not reached the point where this particular [action] fits into its evolutionary development of staff and curriculum .

The Department for Enterprise set out an initiative to encourage the growth of links between schools and the world of work .
the department for enterprise set out an [action] to encourage the growth of links between schools and the world of work .

The key element of this enterprise and education initiative was the specific target that , ‘ Each year 10 % of teachers should have the opportunity to gain personal experience in the world of business ’ .
the key element of this enterprise and education [action] was the specific target that , ‘ each year 10 % of teachers should have the opportunity to gain personal experience in the world of business ’ .

The Department of Trade and Industry recognised the effectiveness of teacher placements in promoting a working partnership between education and industry by identifying the placement programme as a central element of the initiative .
the department of trade and industry recognised the effectiveness of teacher placements in promoting a working partnership between education and industry by identifying the placement programme as a central element of the [action] .

An initiative
an [action]

The Foundation initiative needs the continuous interest of the press in all its guises , to bring it regularly to public attention , to raise awareness , the level of sophistication of concern , cross-fertilising enthusiasms .
the foundation [action] needs the continuous interest of the press in all its guises , to bring it regularly to public attention , to raise awareness , the level of sophistication of concern , cross-fertilising enthusiasms .

In its way , the relationship between the initiative and the press is another form of partnership — and it should be managed in that light .
in its way , the relationship between the [action] and the press is another form of partnership — and it should be managed in that light .

Hence St William 's Foundation is glad to spread the news of its initiative , its ‘ Assertion of the North ’ .
hence st william 's foundation is glad to spread the news of its [action] , its ‘ assertion of the north ’ .

The initiative 's success will depend absolutely on the effectiveness of the web of partnerships that can be woven ; the Foundation will be equally glad to draw advantage from the experience of others creating their own versions of partnership .
the [action] 's success will depend absolutely on the effectiveness of the web of partnerships that can be woven ; the foundation will be equally glad to draw advantage from the experience of others creating their own versions of partnership .

And , initiative succeeding , brighter futures for 15 million people in the North of England could light up a new way to many more .
and , [action] succeeding , brighter futures for 15 million people in the north of england could light up a new way to many more .

The business world often expresses unhappiness about inadequate information on personal qualities and the poor correlation between examination performance and characteristics like enterprise , initiative , imagination , diligence , reliability and sense of personal and collective responsibility .
the business world often expresses unhappiness about inadequate information on personal qualities and the poor correlation between examination performance and characteristics like enterprise , [action] , imagination , diligence , reliability and sense of personal and collective responsibility .

There is always a danger of this happening with innovation , of those instigating and leading a new initiative coming to believe that nothing happened in the field before their arrival .
there is always a danger of this happening with innovation , of those instigating and leading a new [action] coming to believe that nothing happened in the field before their arrival .

His own analysis of the abolition of the Greater London Council stresses that it was ‘ a policy folly rather than a rational decision … the government embarked upon a major initiative as an unintended ill-considered by-product of its other policies ’ ( 1987 , p. 212 ) .
his own analysis of the abolition of the greater london council stresses that it was ‘ a policy folly rather than a rational decision … the government embarked upon a major [action] as an unintended ill-considered by-product of its other policies ’ ( 1987 , p. 212 ) .

The initiative for bodies of this sort has not only come from the centre .
the [action] for bodies of this sort has not only come from the centre .

The sale of council housing to sitting tenants is a national initiative and local authorities have been under pressure to carry it through .
the sale of council housing to sitting tenants is a national [action] and local authorities have been under pressure to carry it through .

This section will analyse the development of this initiative over its first few years , in order to give a particular example of local political activity at a particular time in a particular place .
this section will analyse the development of this [action] over its first few years , in order to give a particular example of local political activity at a particular time in a particular place .

It should be emphasized that this policy initiative was part of much broader policy changes in the city , set in motion by a new Labour leadership elected in May 1980 .
it should be emphasized that this policy [action] was part of much broader policy changes in the city , set in motion by a new labour leadership elected in may 1980 .

The introduction of the National Curriculum , grant-maintained schools , open enrolment , and , earlier , the creation of the Manpower Services Commission ( later to become the Training Agency ) , are examples of central government seizing the initiative and significantly influencing the control and direction of education .
the introduction of the national curriculum , grant-maintained schools , open enrolment , and , earlier , the creation of the manpower services commission ( later to become the training agency ) , are examples of central government seizing the [action] and significantly influencing the control and direction of education .

So the aim of the circuit board fault diagnostic initiative was to study the feasibility of rule induction techniques in aiding avionics repair .
so the aim of the circuit board fault diagnostic [action] was to study the feasibility of rule induction techniques in aiding avionics repair .

The third initiative was somewhat different from all the proceedings one , in that it involved joining a Community Club sponsored by the Alvey Programme .
the third [action] was somewhat different from all the proceedings one , in that it involved joining a community club sponsored by the alvey programme .

The first stage of this initiative is to computerise the existing procedures using conventional techniques and this has been set in motion .
the first stage of this [action] is to computerise the existing procedures using conventional techniques and this has been set in motion .

One such initiative is that presented by the application of advanced expert systems to aircraft maintenance operations .
one such [action] is that presented by the application of advanced expert systems to aircraft maintenance operations .

The makers of sanitary towels have promoted their wares in a number of ingenious ways over the years , but few have shown the same initiative as that of Southall Brothers and Barclay of Birmingham who , in July 1888 , took up one third of the back cover of The Antiquary with an advertisement .
the makers of sanitary towels have promoted their wares in a number of ingenious ways over the years , but few have shown the same [action] as that of southall brothers and barclay of birmingham who , in july 1888 , took up one third of the back cover of the antiquary with an advertisement .

Too many ‘ conservationists ’ fail to appreciate the value of captive studies and even of management in disturbed habitats — all approaches are very valuable , but the protection of adequate areas of natural habitat is paramount , These approaches , and the critical plight of South-East Asian wildlife , are well summarised in the epilogue ; Dutch primatologists are to be congratulated on their initiative in this venture ,
too many ‘ conservationists ’ fail to appreciate the value of captive studies and even of management in disturbed habitats — all approaches are very valuable , but the protection of adequate areas of natural habitat is paramount , these approaches , and the critical plight of south-east asian wildlife , are well summarised in the epilogue ; dutch primatologists are to be congratulated on their [action] in this venture ,

Here the going gets rough and speculative : some talk of the discouraging load of bureaucracy the researcher has to get through , and the lack of opportunity for independent initiative .
here the going gets rough and speculative : some talk of the discouraging load of bureaucracy the researcher has to get through , and the lack of opportunity for independent [action] .

Sergei Kovalyov , biophysicist and co-founder with Sakharov of the Initiative Group for the Defence of Human Rights in the Soviet Union , was sentenced in 1974 to seven years in a labour camp followed by three years of internal exile .
sergei kovalyov , biophysicist and co-founder with sakharov of the [action] group for the defence of human rights in the soviet union , was sentenced in 1974 to seven years in a labour camp followed by three years of internal exile .

Earthscan should be congratulated for its initiative , especially as it has managed to produce readable technical material .
earthscan should be congratulated for its [action] , especially as it has managed to produce readable technical material .

In contrast one frequently meets cases where a local field worker through his initiative and enthusiasm has transformed the curriculum in schools in a local area .
in contrast one frequently meets cases where a local field worker through his [action] and enthusiasm has transformed the curriculum in schools in a local area .

There is a similar wide variety in the scale of teaching and learning equipment provided , which can be explained by a number of factors : the financial provision made to schools by central or local authorities , the type and efficiency of supply and distribution mechanism ( bureaucratic centralised distribution systems seem universally inefficient ) , differences in attitudes and capabilities of communities to help in the provision of services or equipment to schools or individual children , the initiative and morale of teachers , the richness or poverty of the school environment .
there is a similar wide variety in the scale of teaching and learning equipment provided , which can be explained by a number of factors : the financial provision made to schools by central or local authorities , the type and efficiency of supply and distribution mechanism ( bureaucratic centralised distribution systems seem universally inefficient ) , differences in attitudes and capabilities of communities to help in the provision of services or equipment to schools or individual children , the [action] and morale of teachers , the richness or poverty of the school environment .

At the conference a successful effort had been made to invite informed opinion not only from the educational community but from many interest groups within Nigeria , an initiative which met with a splendid response and which led , with the help of some skilful chairmanship and competent editing to the production of a useful and sensible working document .
at the conference a successful effort had been made to invite informed opinion not only from the educational community but from many interest groups within nigeria , an [action] which met with a splendid response and which led , with the help of some skilful chairmanship and competent editing to the production of a useful and sensible working document .

We have recognised in this chapter the need for balance between the various processes involved in curriculum development and of balance between local initiative and central ( including political ) direction .
we have recognised in this chapter the need for balance between the various processes involved in curriculum development and of balance between local [action] and central ( including political ) direction .

in language skills ) , while the official examination is clearly constructed with the intention of testing different ones ; or cases in which the official aims of education extol the virtues of self-reliance and enquiry-based education , whereas the official syllabus contains an outline of content so rigid and overcrowded as to render any initiative almost impossible to achieve .
in language skills ) , while the official examination is clearly constructed with the intention of testing different ones ; or cases in which the official aims of education extol the virtues of self-reliance and enquiry-based education , whereas the official syllabus contains an outline of content so rigid and overcrowded as to render any [action] almost impossible to achieve .

It is defined in terms of wages/salaries , number of perks , capacity for initiative , amount and nature of skills involved , security and the community esteem which might come from obtaining such jobs .
it is defined in terms of wages/salaries , number of perks , capacity for [action] , amount and nature of skills involved , security and the community esteem which might come from obtaining such jobs .

Even those built on the initiative of a prince or a king were often sited with quite other ends in view .
even those built on the [action] of a prince or a king were often sited with quite other ends in view .

Senior personnel should only usurp their assistants in public when this is unavoidable , otherwise they will stunt initiative and reduce team cohesion .
senior personnel should only usurp their assistants in public when this is unavoidable , otherwise they will stunt [action] and reduce team cohesion .

Until one is committed there is hesitancy , the chance to draw back , always ineffectiveness , concerning all acts of Initiative and Creation .
until one is committed there is hesitancy , the chance to draw back , always ineffectiveness , concerning all acts of [action] and creation .

Man of the Year Design Design Concept Technical Innovation Safety Achievement Environmental Contribution Marketing Initiative Manufacturer in Motorsport Specialist Manufacturer Mid-size Manufacturer Large Manufacturer
man of the year design design concept technical innovation safety achievement environmental contribution marketing [action] manufacturer in motorsport specialist manufacturer mid-size manufacturer large manufacturer

The component , system , whole car or initiative making the greatest contribution to furthering safety in cars
the component , system , whole car or [action] making the greatest contribution to furthering safety in cars

winner Honda Airbag Initiative Honda is showing the way with driver 's side airbags fitted as standard on 13 models of its line-up
winner honda airbag [action] honda is showing the way with driver 's side airbags fitted as standard on 13 models of its line-up

The item , system , process or initiative making the greatest contribution to reducing the impact of cars on the environment
the item , system , process or [action] making the greatest contribution to reducing the impact of cars on the environment

Marketing Initiative
marketing [action]

This is a marketing initiative that 's affected the entire market place , changing forever the way private motorists buy cars .
this is a marketing [action] that 's affected the entire market place , changing forever the way private motorists buy cars .

To tax success is to stifle initiative .
to tax success is to stifle [action] .

Sessions begin with the children taking the initiative and deciding what toys or activity they want and parents are invited to join in such things as organising the dolls ' house , making sand pies , playing with trains , building houses , mixing paints and cutting up paper .
sessions begin with the children taking the [action] and deciding what toys or activity they want and parents are invited to join in such things as organising the dolls ' house , making sand pies , playing with trains , building houses , mixing paints and cutting up paper .

The second half opened with a lengthy spell of defending against the wind by Alton , before they gradually regained the initiative .
the second half opened with a lengthy spell of defending against the wind by alton , before they gradually regained the [action] .

It was to get in those lectures , of course , ’ she added , flushing a little as she recalled some of the pointed remarks the headmistress had made to her , about lack of initiative and weakness of will .
it was to get in those lectures , of course , ’ she added , flushing a little as she recalled some of the pointed remarks the headmistress had made to her , about lack of [action] and weakness of will .

This year it was St Albans who took the initiative with Jenny Hillyard scoring after two minutes .
this year it was st albans who took the [action] with jenny hillyard scoring after two minutes .

She prefers to operate in a conceptual manner , delegating planning , organisation and administration among her 40-strong team in order to focus on creativity and initiative .
she prefers to operate in a conceptual manner , delegating planning , organisation and administration among her 40-strong team in order to focus on creativity and [action] .

Comfortable when taking charge of situations and people , she skilfully uses her own enthusiasm and initiative to motivate others .
comfortable when taking charge of situations and people , she skilfully uses her own enthusiasm and [action] to motivate others .

It might have been difficult to prove that librarians themselves took the initiative for the censorship , although many would have been pleased to make that claim .
it might have been difficult to prove that librarians themselves took the [action] for the censorship , although many would have been pleased to make that claim .

Each member of the team will learn to contribute , develop initiative and gain a sense of responsibility .
each member of the team will learn to contribute , develop [action] and gain a sense of responsibility .

Yet constant supervision and guidance would be costly in personnel and could retard the development of independence and initiative in the learner .
yet constant supervision and guidance would be costly in personnel and could retard the development of independence and [action] in the learner .

She should be encouraged to take the initiative in solving problems of care , always with the sympathetic support of the clinical teacher .
she should be encouraged to take the [action] in solving problems of care , always with the sympathetic support of the clinical teacher .

Such students may seem to lack initiative and may even be dismissed as dull .
such students may seem to lack [action] and may even be dismissed as dull .

If the process of nursing is seen as a problem-solving activity in which the nurse acts on her own initiative generating her own solutions , rather than one in which she repeats ready-made solutions ; and if the reasoning of the cognition theorists is accepted as valid ; then the teaching of nursing should be organised in such a way that the student not only acquires the necessary knowledge and skills , but does so in such a way that they develop in her flexible cognitive structures .
if the process of nursing is seen as a problem-solving activity in which the nurse acts on her own [action] generating her own solutions , rather than one in which she repeats ready-made solutions ; and if the reasoning of the cognition theorists is accepted as valid ; then the teaching of nursing should be organised in such a way that the student not only acquires the necessary knowledge and skills , but does so in such a way that they develop in her flexible cognitive structures .

The Enterprise in Higher Education Initiative for Northern Ireland has made funding available for a programme of curriculum and staff development , and co-operation with industry and commerce , with the aim of extending opportunities for students to engage in such activities and to study relevant aspects of commercial and economic awareness and enterprise initiatives .
the enterprise in higher education [action] for northern ireland has made funding available for a programme of curriculum and staff development , and co-operation with industry and commerce , with the aim of extending opportunities for students to engage in such activities and to study relevant aspects of commercial and economic awareness and enterprise initiatives .

Through this Initiative , the University hopes to develop in its graduates and diplomates qualities which will enable them to play a positive role in an increasingly competitive and changing world .
through this [action] , the university hopes to develop in its graduates and diplomates qualities which will enable them to play a positive role in an increasingly competitive and changing world .

One Head Girl found her team circling round the stage once as rehearsed but then galloping straight off stage to the lavatories ; apparently one of the Girls had realized that she had a sudden attack of diarrhoea and had acted with unheard-of initiative .
one head girl found her team circling round the stage once as rehearsed but then galloping straight off stage to the lavatories ; apparently one of the girls had realized that she had a sudden attack of diarrhoea and had acted with unheard-of [action] .

It has to take the initiative in building up the collection , and not rely on librarians remembering to send new material .
it has to take the [action] in building up the collection , and not rely on librarians remembering to send new material .

Although precise definitions are hard to come by , it is clear that they looked to some kind of ideal worker , that is , someone who was trustworthy , interested , intelligent , literate and numerate , full of initiative , and capable of mental and physical agility .
although precise definitions are hard to come by , it is clear that they looked to some kind of ideal worker , that is , someone who was trustworthy , interested , intelligent , literate and numerate , full of [action] , and capable of mental and physical agility .

Secondly , it referred to mental qualities : dexterity , attitudes , intelligence , flexibility , initiative , and so on .
secondly , it referred to mental qualities : dexterity , attitudes , intelligence , flexibility , [action] , and so on .

The adaptable worker would partner machines without being alienated , while simultaneously displaying interest , application , and initiative , in addition to possessing an all-round competence .
the adaptable worker would partner machines without being alienated , while simultaneously displaying interest , application , and [action] , in addition to possessing an all-round competence .

Unfortunately , much of this vast publicly available information resource is bibliographically ill-organised , is of very variable quality , and is frequently difficult to access or acquire The problems of accessing and acquiring such information have been greatly aggravated by the need for enterprises more and more to compete on a global basis ( compare , for example , the ‘ 1992 ’ initiative ; suddenly , we have to know all about Greece ! ) .
unfortunately , much of this vast publicly available information resource is bibliographically ill-organised , is of very variable quality , and is frequently difficult to access or acquire the problems of accessing and acquiring such information have been greatly aggravated by the need for enterprises more and more to compete on a global basis ( compare , for example , the ‘ 1992 ’ [action] ; suddenly , we have to know all about greece ! ) .

But this latest initiative is to raise funds for specific projects , initiated from the state sector , and which before the crisis would automatically have been funded by the state .
but this latest [action] is to raise funds for specific projects , initiated from the state sector , and which before the crisis would automatically have been funded by the state .

Despite a land reform initiative in the early 1980s , rural society remains polarized .
despite a land reform [action] in the early 1980s , rural society remains polarized .

The government itself has encouraged individual rather than collective advancement by turning much of the initiative for vocational and technical training over to the private sector — with local and multinational companies selecting candidates for higher-level training and providing scholarships and bursaries to this end .
the government itself has encouraged individual rather than collective advancement by turning much of the [action] for vocational and technical training over to the private sector — with local and multinational companies selecting candidates for higher-level training and providing scholarships and bursaries to this end .

Although many teachers opposed the apartheid regime , their only training has been in the rigid and authoritarian methods of education used in black South African schools , with no freedom or initiative allowed to the teacher .
although many teachers opposed the apartheid regime , their only training has been in the rigid and authoritarian methods of education used in black south african schools , with no freedom or [action] allowed to the teacher .

undemocratic ) parental domination tends to produce conforming children while ( in the process ) undermining their initiative .
undemocratic ) parental domination tends to produce conforming children while ( in the process ) undermining their [action] .

Some indicators , such as unemployment , may have classified these developments as being at least as deprived as the inner-urban areas , but they did not gain from the inner-city initiative .
some indicators , such as unemployment , may have classified these developments as being at least as deprived as the inner-urban areas , but they did not gain from the inner-city [action] .

Partnerships represented the first major inner-city initiative in England .
partnerships represented the first major inner-city [action] in england .

The third major initiative introduced by the government in the late 1970s were the Industrial Improvement Areas ( IIAs ) .
the third major [action] introduced by the government in the late 1970s were the industrial improvement areas ( iias ) .

Partly in response to this criticism , the government introduced in 1985 the Urban Programme Management Initiative ( DoE , 1985c ) .
partly in response to this criticism , the government introduced in 1985 the urban programme management [action] ( doe , 1985c ) .

Even if the political status of the Task Force within Merseyside began to wane after Heseltine 's departure from the Department of the Environment , one central objective of that initiative was to be retained : the co-ordination of central-government activity within the major conurbations .
even if the political status of the task force within merseyside began to wane after heseltine 's departure from the department of the environment , one central objective of that [action] was to be retained : the co-ordination of central-government activity within the major conurbations .

In the early 1980s , there had been a noticeably leftwards swing in some urban authorities , and to some councils the idea of upholding an initiative apparently rooted in the laissez-faire capitalism of the nineteenth century was unthinkable .
in the early 1980s , there had been a noticeably leftwards swing in some urban authorities , and to some councils the idea of upholding an [action] apparently rooted in the laissez-faire capitalism of the nineteenth century was unthinkable .

One wonders how many firms believe this requirement has actually operated , for no urban initiative has ever been the subject of so much formal and informal evaluation .
one wonders how many firms believe this requirement has actually operated , for no urban [action] has ever been the subject of so much formal and informal evaluation .

Instead , the initiative became a mechanism through which the government hoped some form of economic activity would occur in what were , generally , depressed economies .
instead , the [action] became a mechanism through which the government hoped some form of economic activity would occur in what were , generally , depressed economies .

Whether these types of initiative ought to be included within the development theme is arguable , but labour-supply considerations may be seen as constraining urban output .
whether these types of [action] ought to be included within the development theme is arguable , but labour-supply considerations may be seen as constraining urban output .

1 he corporations have been the most intensive and the most controversial inner-urban English initiative ever devised .
1 he corporations have been the most intensive and the most controversial inner-urban english [action] ever devised .

In the light of later events , it is possible to doubt Scott 's altruism in taking the initiative in this case ; clearly after the change of government with Manners ' well-known enthusiasm for the Middle Ages , the chances were that a Gothic design would be acceptable , and Scott was the best placed of the Gothic competitors , although of course he was completely unaware of the ultimately crucial placings awarded to him by the assessors .
in the light of later events , it is possible to doubt scott 's altruism in taking the [action] in this case ; clearly after the change of government with manners ' well-known enthusiasm for the middle ages , the chances were that a gothic design would be acceptable , and scott was the best placed of the gothic competitors , although of course he was completely unaware of the ultimately crucial placings awarded to him by the assessors .

There does seem to have been a genuine feeling of outrage within the profession at the proposal to disregard the two competitions , and probably if Scott had not stirred , another architect would have taken the initiative .
there does seem to have been a genuine feeling of outrage within the profession at the proposal to disregard the two competitions , and probably if scott had not stirred , another architect would have taken the [action] .

This perhaps was more obvious lobbying for Scott than his initiative over the Memorials .
this perhaps was more obvious lobbying for scott than his [action] over the memorials .

As a result , she acquires reasoning skills and can take initiative when faced with future problems .
as a result , she acquires reasoning skills and can take [action] when faced with future problems .

They achieve their maximum display of willpower when at their own initiative they renounce a momentary attraction in favor of rule-governed behavior.14 The paradox of make-believe is that in everyday life , when children subordinate actions to rules , they usually give up something they want—instead of keeping a treasured toy all to themselves , they share it ; instead of continuing to play , they clean up ; instead of watching more TV , they go to bed .
they achieve their maximum display of willpower when at their own [action] they renounce a momentary attraction in favor of rule-governed behavior.14 the paradox of make-believe is that in everyday life , when children subordinate actions to rules , they usually give up something they want—instead of keeping a treasured toy all to themselves , they share it ; instead of continuing to play , they clean up ; instead of watching more tv , they go to bed .

About 5 percent , usually boys , develop into “ passionate , ” or excessive , players during the elementary school years and desperately need parental intervention.93 Compared to infrequent users , children highly involved in video games spend less time productively , more often watching cartoons and less often reading.94 One parent whose son , Joey , spent his early childhood focused on play with Transformers and his school years immersed in video games complained about the boy ’ s mediocre grades and lamented , “ Nothing seems to interest him. ” Joey spent so much time with highly stimulating video games that he came to regard slower-paced pursuits that require greater initiative to reach a goal as dull .
about 5 percent , usually boys , develop into “ passionate , ” or excessive , players during the elementary school years and desperately need parental intervention.93 compared to infrequent users , children highly involved in video games spend less time productively , more often watching cartoons and less often reading.94 one parent whose son , joey , spent his early childhood focused on play with transformers and his school years immersed in video games complained about the boy ’ s mediocre grades and lamented , “ nothing seems to interest him. ” joey spent so much time with highly stimulating video games that he came to regard slower-paced pursuits that require greater [action] to reach a goal as dull .

My own reading is that Lincoln ’ s suspending the writ on his own initiative and disregarding Taney ’ s supposed invalidation of the decision testifies to an altered state of constitutional thinking .
my own reading is that lincoln ’ s suspending the writ on his own [action] and disregarding taney ’ s supposed invalidation of the decision testifies to an altered state of constitutional thinking .

The policy of deferring to voluntary initiative has been more effective .
the policy of deferring to voluntary [action] has been more effective .

One wonders , however , whether it is an effective response for government to require , as suggested in one Republican initiative , schools to post the Ten Commandments on schoolhouse walls .
one wonders , however , whether it is an effective response for government to require , as suggested in one republican [action] , schools to post the ten commandments on schoolhouse walls .

The mill and the neighborhood around it were built in the mid-1800s through the initiative of Jerusalem ’ s great 19th-century patron , Sir Moses Montefiore .
the mill and the neighborhood around it were built in the mid-1800s through the [action] of jerusalem ’ s great 19th-century patron , sir moses montefiore .

Smaller towns will have a syndicat d ’ initiative , which provides the same services .
smaller towns will have a syndicat d ’ [action] , which provides the same services .

Ask at the local syndicat d ’ initiative or Colmar ’ s Maison du Vin d ’ Alsace for information about the vineyard tours organized from Obernai and Turckheim , among others .
ask at the local syndicat d ’ [action] or colmar ’ s maison du vin d ’ alsace for information about the vineyard tours organized from obernai and turckheim , among others .

The LeLoLai VIP initiative is a package of benefits that offers discounts at many attractions , and participating hotels , restaurants , and shops .
the lelolai vip [action] is a package of benefits that offers discounts at many attractions , and participating hotels , restaurants , and shops .

The state programs are economically modest , as is the only loan forgiveness initiative on the near horizon for New York , the `` Student Loan Assistance for the Public Interest , '' a program adopted last summer by New York State Bar Association when the House of Delegates met in Cooperstown .
the state programs are economically modest , as is the only loan forgiveness [action] on the near horizon for new york , the `` student loan assistance for the public interest , '' a program adopted last summer by new york state bar association when the house of delegates met in cooperstown .

This major initiative , conceived by Supreme Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy , is the American Bar Association 's principal Law Day outreach this year .
this major [action] , conceived by supreme court justice anthony m. kennedy , is the american bar association 's principal law day outreach this year .

The court 's initiative is far from a done deal .
the court 's [action] is far from a done deal .

Terrorist Attack Upstages Legal Services Initiative , Provides Greater Urgency For It By Thomas Adcock One morning last year , David Bookstaver arrived at work in lower Manhattan and literally pulled the plug on the first official news of what is surely the most substantial initiative for pro bono publico in the history of the New York State Unified Court System - establishment of the `` Access to Justice Center , '' the first court-sponsored entity in the nation to address the shortfall of civil legal services to the poor .
terrorist attack upstages legal services [action] , provides greater urgency for it by thomas adcock one morning last year , david bookstaver arrived at work in lower manhattan and literally pulled the plug on the first official news of what is surely the most substantial [action] for pro bono publico in the history of the new york state unified court system - establishment of the `` access to justice center , '' the first court-sponsored entity in the nation to address the shortfall of civil legal services to the poor .

The two-year program is fully funded under the Justice Department 's `` Grants to Encourage Arrest Policies and Enforcement of Protection Orders '' initiative .
the two-year program is fully funded under the justice department 's `` grants to encourage arrest policies and enforcement of protection orders '' [action] .

The Take 2 initiative will reach well beyond the legal profession and serve members of the broader community .
the take 2 [action] will reach well beyond the legal profession and serve members of the broader community .

The initiative is his response to a pattern he noticed during his 25 years as a family court judge .
the [action] is his response to a pattern he noticed during his 25 years as a family court judge .

Improving Substance Abuse Treatment : The National Treatment Plan Initiative .
improving substance abuse treatment : the national treatment plan [action] .

For example , the membership soundly rejected the Institute 's efforts to further stretch the CPA brand name and allow others to benefit from our profession 's hard-earned reputation through the so-called `` XYZ initiative . ''
for example , the membership soundly rejected the institute 's efforts to further stretch the cpa brand name and allow others to benefit from our profession 's hard-earned reputation through the so-called `` xyz [action] . ''

In addition , these organizations provide tools to facilitate and accelerate the pace of the change initiative .
in addition , these organizations provide tools to facilitate and accelerate the pace of the change [action] .

About 6 years ago , under the leadership of Pfizer 's CEO and CFO , Pfizer 's corporate finance organization embarked on a reengineering initiative to transform its charter , processes , products , and services .
about 6 years ago , under the leadership of pfizer 's ceo and cfo , pfizer 's corporate finance organization embarked on a reengineering [action] to transform its charter , processes , products , and services .

This sobering news served a vital purposeit created a sense of urgency surrounding the need to change and helped the CFO rally the organizational support needed to institute a comprehensive reengineering initiative To facilitate change within the finance organization , several crossfunctional process improvement teams were established .
this sobering news served a vital purposeit created a sense of urgency surrounding the need to change and helped the cfo rally the organizational support needed to institute a comprehensive reengineering [action] to facilitate change within the finance organization , several crossfunctional process improvement teams were established .

Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat- www.tbssct.gc.ca This site highlights the reports and assessment guides associated with Canada 's initiative to modernize its comptrollership function .
treasury board of canada secretariat- www.tbssct.gc.ca this site highlights the reports and assessment guides associated with canada 's [action] to modernize its comptrollership function .

The President 's Management Agenda , Fiscal Year 2002 , includes a governmentwide initiative for improved financial performance .
the president 's management agenda , fiscal year 2002 , includes a governmentwide [action] for improved financial performance .

Under this initiative , the administration will establish a baseline of the extent of erroneous payments and require agencies to include , in their fiscal year 2003 budget submissions , information on erroneous payment rates , including actual and target rates , where available , for benefit and assistance programs over $ 2 billion .
under this [action] , the administration will establish a baseline of the extent of erroneous payments and require agencies to include , in their fiscal year 2003 budget submissions , information on erroneous payment rates , including actual and target rates , where available , for benefit and assistance programs over $ 2 billion .

HCFA ( now the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ) began its National Medicaid Fraud and Abuse Initiative in June 1997 .
hcfa ( now the centers for medicare and medicaid services ) began its national medicaid fraud and abuse [action] in june 1997 .

This initiative works to facilitate communication , information sharing , and a national forum for Medicaid fraud and abuse issues for the states .
this [action] works to facilitate communication , information sharing , and a national forum for medicaid fraud and abuse issues for the states .

To address its strategic human capital management challenges , FEMA has started an initiative to reduce middle management layers and streamline its organization.12 9 Veterans Affairs : Status of Achieving Key Outcomes and Addressing Major Management Challenges ( GAO-01-752 , June 15 , 2001 ) .
to address its strategic human capital management challenges , fema has started an [action] to reduce middle management layers and streamline its organization.12 9 veterans affairs : status of achieving key outcomes and addressing major management challenges ( gao-01-752 , june 15 , 2001 ) .

They tended to view the changes being made as another `` flavor-of-the-month '' initiative .
they tended to view the changes being made as another `` flavor-of-the-month '' [action] .

OPM said that the team 's flexibility , attitude , and work ethic played a significant role in the success of this effort , which was OPM 's first cross-training initiative .
opm said that the team 's flexibility , attitude , and work ethic played a significant role in the success of this effort , which was opm 's first cross-training [action] .

Therefore , EPA decided in 1992 to launch the National Environmental Goals Project , a long-range planning initiative under which it would involve its stakeholders in developing measurable goals for EPA to pursue in improving the quality of the nation 's environment .
therefore , epa decided in 1992 to launch the national environmental goals project , a long-range planning [action] under which it would involve its stakeholders in developing measurable goals for epa to pursue in improving the quality of the nation 's environment .

Practice 10 : Create Incentives was to be accomplished and leaving the `` how '' to the initiative of project staff .
practice 10 : create incentives was to be accomplished and leaving the `` how '' to the [action] of project staff .

In addition , in response to an initiative of the American Society for Public Administration and with the encouragement of OMB , over 30 case studies are being developed on the agencies ' use of strategic planning or performance measurement .
in addition , in response to an [action] of the american society for public administration and with the encouragement of omb , over 30 case studies are being developed on the agencies ' use of strategic planning or performance measurement .

In addition , other management improvement efforts , such as implementation of the CFO Act , and FMFIA [ Federal Managers ' Financial Integrity Act ] , customer service initiatives , reengineering , and Total Quality Management , etc. , should be incorporated into the GPRA framework to capitalize on the synergy and availability of key information and to improve responsiveness to customers and other stakeholders.32 Another management reform initiative that provides a legislative basis for measuring performance is the Information Technology Management Reform Act of 1996 , which requires each federal agency to ensure that performance measures are prescribed for information technology that it will use or acquire and that the performance measures assess how well the information technology supports agency programs .
in addition , other management improvement efforts , such as implementation of the cfo act , and fmfia [ federal managers ' financial integrity act ] , customer service initiatives , reengineering , and total quality management , etc. , should be incorporated into the gpra framework to capitalize on the synergy and availability of key information and to improve responsiveness to customers and other stakeholders.32 another management reform [action] that provides a legislative basis for measuring performance is the information technology management reform act of 1996 , which requires each federal agency to ensure that performance measures are prescribed for information technology that it will use or acquire and that the performance measures assess how well the information technology supports agency programs .

During fiscal year 2000 , we began a major initiative to develop a competency-based performance appraisal system for analysts to reflect prevailing best practices .
during fiscal year 2000 , we began a major [action] to develop a competency-based performance appraisal system for analysts to reflect prevailing best practices .

Proactive Notification Systems All of the governmentwide and agencyspecific resources discussed thus far are passive information systems , requiring users to take the initiative and find out about upcoming and recently proposed rules .
proactive notification systems all of the governmentwide and agencyspecific resources discussed thus far are passive information systems , requiring users to take the [action] and find out about upcoming and recently proposed rules .

Comments filed electronically in relation to the HHS administrative simplification initiative were stored automatically in a database , and the comments were then publicly available via the initiative 's web site .
comments filed electronically in relation to the hhs administrative simplification [action] were stored automatically in a database , and the comments were then publicly available via the [action] 's web site .

Agencies can use IT to inform the public about participation opportunities either through passive systems that require users to take the initiative to discover rules available for comment or proactive systems that alert interested individuals or organizations about impending regulatory actions .
agencies can use it to inform the public about participation opportunities either through passive systems that require users to take the [action] to discover rules available for comment or proactive systems that alert interested individuals or organizations about impending regulatory actions .

Proactive systems permit the interested public to be notified by email when proposed rules are published ( e.g. , the HHS web site for its administrative simplification initiative ) , but were much less common than passive systems .
proactive systems permit the interested public to be notified by email when proposed rules are published ( e.g. , the hhs web site for its administrative simplification [action] ) , but were much less common than passive systems .

Leading public organizations here in the United States and abroad have found that strategic human capital management must be the centerpiece of any serious change management initiative and efforts to transform the cultures of government agencies .
leading public organizations here in the united states and abroad have found that strategic human capital management must be the centerpiece of any serious change management [action] and efforts to transform the cultures of government agencies .

The majority of the agencies that responded appreciated GAO 's initiative to develop the protocols and said that they were comprehensive and provided a framework for meaningful communication .
the majority of the agencies that responded appreciated gao 's [action] to develop the protocols and said that they were comprehensive and provided a framework for meaningful communication .

Work and ( 3 ) legal authority allowing GAO to undertake work on its own initiative that is intended to support the Congress ( research and development work ) .
work and ( 3 ) legal authority allowing gao to undertake work on its own [action] that is intended to support the congress ( research and development work ) .

In response to inquiries from agencies not involved in a particular ongoing review , GAO will provide information only about the objectives , scope , and methodology of the review ; the source of the work ( i.e. , mandate , name of the congressional requester ( s ) , or legal authority allowing GAO to undertake work on its own initiative that is intended to support the Congress ) ; and the expected completion date , when known .
in response to inquiries from agencies not involved in a particular ongoing review , gao will provide information only about the objectives , scope , and methodology of the review ; the source of the work ( i.e. , mandate , name of the congressional requester ( s ) , or legal authority allowing gao to undertake work on its own [action] that is intended to support the congress ) ; and the expected completion date , when known .

In response to inquiries from the media about ongoing work , GAO will provide information only about the objectives , scope , and methodology of a review ; the source of the work ( mandate , name of congressional requester ( s ) , or legal authority allowing GAO to undertake work on its own initiative that is intended to support the Congress ) ; and the expected completion date .
in response to inquiries from the media about ongoing work , gao will provide information only about the objectives , scope , and methodology of a review ; the source of the work ( mandate , name of congressional requester ( s ) , or legal authority allowing gao to undertake work on its own [action] that is intended to support the congress ) ; and the expected completion date .

Hawaii and Kansas are relatively small states and New York has implemented a special initiative .
hawaii and kansas are relatively small states and new york has implemented a special [action] .

Therefore , given the magnitude of the problems an agency may face , and the extensive effort and long period of time it can take before problems are fully resolved , progress must often be measured initially in terms of whether the agency has a well thought out management improvement initiative in place to guide its reform efforts .
therefore , given the magnitude of the problems an agency may face , and the extensive effort and long period of time it can take before problems are fully resolved , progress must often be measured initially in terms of whether the agency has a well thought out management improvement [action] in place to guide its reform efforts .

Although the efficacy of this initiative has not been fully assessed , SSA has been implementing a pilot program to establish a `` single decision maker '' position .
although the efficacy of this [action] has not been fully assessed , ssa has been implementing a pilot program to establish a `` single decision maker '' position .

They required that any IT initiative include collaboration between a sector CIO and a process-responsible CIO , as illustrated in figure 4 .
they required that any it [action] include collaboration between a sector cio and a process-responsible cio , as illustrated in figure 4 .

IT managers recognize that success with the current initiative goes a long way in increasing CIO credibility with the state agencies .
it managers recognize that success with the current [action] goes a long way in increasing cio credibility with the state agencies .

One initiative involved establishing strategic direction , guidelines , and standards for instituting electronic commerce in the state government .
one [action] involved establishing strategic direction , guidelines , and standards for instituting electronic commerce in the state government .

In response to the governor « s initiative to expand the state « s IT workforce , proposals were made for a program to recruit and fund college and university students willing to study technology management as a prelude to becoming part of the state government « s labor force .
in response to the governor « s [action] to expand the state « s it workforce , proposals were made for a program to recruit and fund college and university students willing to study technology management as a prelude to becoming part of the state government « s labor force .

After three years of development in the field , LSC 's State Planning Initiative was formally launched in 1998 .
after three years of development in the field , lsc 's state planning [action] was formally launched in 1998 .

The Committee intends that LSC consult with appropriate stakeholders in developing this proposal.11 Since implementation of the State Planning Initiative in 1998 , LSC has sought to apply a set of detailed criteria in making all decisions on whether a given service area arrangement is optimally configured to provide high-quality legal services to the greatest number of eligible low-income clients .
the committee intends that lsc consult with appropriate stakeholders in developing this proposal.11 since implementation of the state planning [action] in 1998 , lsc has sought to apply a set of detailed criteria in making all decisions on whether a given service area arrangement is optimally configured to provide high-quality legal services to the greatest number of eligible low-income clients .

LSC 's State Planning Initiative embraces a new vision15 for legal services in which eligible clients in every state would be afforded an equal opportunity to avail themselves of high-quality civil legal assistance .
lsc 's state planning [action] embraces a new vision15 for legal services in which eligible clients in every state would be afforded an equal opportunity to avail themselves of high-quality civil legal assistance .

Launching the State Planning Initiative , LSC staff developed and issued Program Letters 1998-117 and 199818 which directed programs to plan for the creation of comprehensive , integrated , client-centered legal services systems and defined the terms of such systems .
launching the state planning [action] , lsc staff developed and issued program letters 1998-117 and 199818 which directed programs to plan for the creation of comprehensive , integrated , client-centered legal services systems and defined the terms of such systems .

Until the implementation of the State Planning Initiative , determining service areas in a given state was more a product of geographic and historical happenstance than a reasoned judgment about the precise configuration that would yield the best legal services system for the greatest number of clients .
until the implementation of the state planning [action] , determining service areas in a given state was more a product of geographic and historical happenstance than a reasoned judgment about the precise configuration that would yield the best legal services system for the greatest number of clients .

In recognition of these tensions , LSC has worked diligently since 1995 to convey the expectations of the State Planning Initiative and to establish meaningful partnerships with stakeholders aimed at fostering a new symbiosis between the federal provider and recipients of legal services funding .
in recognition of these tensions , lsc has worked diligently since 1995 to convey the expectations of the state planning [action] and to establish meaningful partnerships with stakeholders aimed at fostering a new symbiosis between the federal provider and recipients of legal services funding .

Program Letter 1998-6 stated that the State Planning Initiative will provide information to aid LSC in exercising its statutory responsibility to `` insure that grants and contracts are made so as to provide the most economical and effective delivery of legal assistance to persons in both urban and rural areas . ''
program letter 1998-6 stated that the state planning [action] will provide information to aid lsc in exercising its statutory responsibility to `` insure that grants and contracts are made so as to provide the most economical and effective delivery of legal assistance to persons in both urban and rural areas . ''

The Team suggested a national initiative to bring together executive directors of statewide programs around the state planning agenda .
the team suggested a national [action] to bring together executive directors of statewide programs around the state planning agenda .

This initiative was specifically designed to bring together executive leadership from newly created statewide LSC-funded programs and the experienced leadership of the more historical statewide programs .
this [action] was specifically designed to bring together executive leadership from newly created statewide lsc-funded programs and the experienced leadership of the more historical statewide programs .

IX -Diversity Co-facilitated by Teresa Cosby ( South Carolina ) and Althea Hayward ( LSC ) , this discussion focused on the importance of embracing cultural diversity , leadership succession planning , and the general expansion of program leadership , especially as a part of a state planning initiative .
ix -diversity co-facilitated by teresa cosby ( south carolina ) and althea hayward ( lsc ) , this discussion focused on the importance of embracing cultural diversity , leadership succession planning , and the general expansion of program leadership , especially as a part of a state planning [action] .

When , in 1998 , LSC announced its intent to launch an initiative that would require massive restructuring of the national legal services delivery system , the announcement was also quite frightening and was not greeted , in many quarters , with open arms .
when , in 1998 , lsc announced its intent to launch an [action] that would require massive restructuring of the national legal services delivery system , the announcement was also quite frightening and was not greeted , in many quarters , with open arms .

As it was conceived and as it has played out , LSC 's State Planning Initiative is a new visioni for legal services in which eligible clients in every state are afforded an equal opportunity to avail themselves and ultimately to attain high-quality civil legal assistance .
as it was conceived and as it has played out , lsc 's state planning [action] is a new visioni for legal services in which eligible clients in every state are afforded an equal opportunity to avail themselves and ultimately to attain high-quality civil legal assistance .

In 1998 , the State Planning Initiative was re-initiated .
in 1998 , the state planning [action] was re-initiated .

It reinforced the State Planning Initiative already in place by calling state planning its `` most important strategy '' .
it reinforced the state planning [action] already in place by calling state planning its `` most important strategy '' .

However , the state planning initiative was also a big change ( as some would say , a huge paradigm shift ) for LSC as an organization .
however , the state planning [action] was also a big change ( as some would say , a huge paradigm shift ) for lsc as an organization .

The state planning initiative required LSC to become something different , transforming itself into an agent of change and an equity partner capable of effecting large-scale reformation in a moribund delivery system .
the state planning [action] required lsc to become something different , transforming itself into an agent of change and an equity partner capable of effecting large-scale reformation in a moribund delivery system .

LSC was no exception and , today , within the walls of LSC you will find employees who still do not understand or support the state planning initiative .
lsc was no exception and , today , within the walls of lsc you will find employees who still do not understand or support the state planning [action] .

Even today , some staff-including staff that work for me-at times mention that they do not support LSC 's state planning initiative and believe that our state planning work is beyond our central mission .
even today , some staff-including staff that work for me-at times mention that they do not support lsc 's state planning [action] and believe that our state planning work is beyond our central mission .

LSC also launched companion initiatives-the quality initiative , the diversity initiative , technology initiative grants , to name just a few -that worked hand-in-glove with state planning to promote the development of high-quality delivery systems .
lsc also launched companion initiatives-the quality [action] , the diversity [action] , technology [action] grants , to name just a few -that worked hand-in-glove with state planning to promote the development of high-quality delivery systems .

At the same time that LSC was launching its state planning initiative , Congress required LSC to cease funding its grantees `` presumptively '' and to begin to fund programs on a competitive basis .
at the same time that lsc was launching its state planning [action] , congress required lsc to cease funding its grantees `` presumptively '' and to begin to fund programs on a competitive basis .

As I noted earlier , the state planning initiative was a huge shift in thinking for the legal services community .
as i noted earlier , the state planning [action] was a huge shift in thinking for the legal services community .

How does this relate to Canada and , specifically , the initiative you propose to launch to address issues that trouble your legal services system ?
how does this relate to canada and , specifically , the [action] you propose to launch to address issues that trouble your legal services system ?

I am going to conclude my remarks today by offering you some guidance as you give thought to launching your own planning initiative .
i am going to conclude my remarks today by offering you some guidance as you give thought to launching your own planning [action] .

Consider them my personal lessons from six years in the planning trenches : Although our state planning initiative is highly replicable for any organization trying to effect rapid change across a large and entrenched culture of individual programs or offices , such change is only possible if you are willing to be inclusive and collaborative in setting goals and processes , yet firm and resolute in their ultimate enforcement .
consider them my personal lessons from six years in the planning trenches : although our state planning [action] is highly replicable for any organization trying to effect rapid change across a large and entrenched culture of individual programs or offices , such change is only possible if you are willing to be inclusive and collaborative in setting goals and processes , yet firm and resolute in their ultimate enforcement .

Because Mr. Alinksy lays out what you can personally expect to happen to you if you are in the forefront of this initiative .
because mr. alinksy lays out what you can personally expect to happen to you if you are in the forefront of this [action] .

Program Letter 1998-6 stated that the State Planning Initiative will provide information to aid LSC in exercising its statutory responsibility to `` insure that grants and contracts are made so as to provide the most economical and effective delivery of legal assistance to persons in both urban and rural areas . ''
program letter 1998-6 stated that the state planning [action] will provide information to aid lsc in exercising its statutory responsibility to `` insure that grants and contracts are made so as to provide the most economical and effective delivery of legal assistance to persons in both urban and rural areas . ''

MESSAGE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS During the reporting period , LSC made continued progress in its State Planning Initiative .
message of the board of directors during the reporting period , lsc made continued progress in its state planning [action] .

LSC 's State Planning Initiative is premised on the belief that LSC-funded programs must : ? ?
lsc 's state planning [action] is premised on the belief that lsc-funded programs must : ? ?

To further its goal of expanding recipients ' use of technology , LSC is proceeding with its second round of Technology Initiative Grants , it has consulted with grantees on the selection of case management software which will accommodate merger-related technology needs , and it has provided continued technology training to recipients .
to further its goal of expanding recipients ' use of technology , lsc is proceeding with its second round of technology [action] grants , it has consulted with grantees on the selection of case management software which will accommodate merger-related technology needs , and it has provided continued technology training to recipients .

MANAGEMENT INITIATIVES During this reporting period , LSC continued its efforts to improve the efficiency of its competitive grant award system and the effectiveness of the delivery of legal assistance by its initiative for statewide planning and coordination of legal services .
management initiatives during this reporting period , lsc continued its efforts to improve the efficiency of its competitive grant award system and the effectiveness of the delivery of legal assistance by its [action] for statewide planning and coordination of legal services .

The Plan emphasizes LSC 's State Planning Initiative , as well as the increased use of technology , as significant strategies for expanding access to , and availability of , civil legal services throughout the United States .
the plan emphasizes lsc 's state planning [action] , as well as the increased use of technology , as significant strategies for expanding access to , and availability of , civil legal services throughout the united states .

Technology Efforts LSC is in the process of reviewing and awarding its second round of Technology Initiative Grants ( `` TIGs '' ) .
technology efforts lsc is in the process of reviewing and awarding its second round of technology [action] grants ( `` tigs '' ) .

The primary goal of this gathering was to address issues generated by LSC 's State Planning Initiative and resulting mergers .
the primary goal of this gathering was to address issues generated by lsc 's state planning [action] and resulting mergers .

Because state planning was identified as the Board 's prime strategy for fulfilling the mandate of Strategic Directions 2000-2005 , a brief review of LSC 's state planning initiative is probably in order .
because state planning was identified as the board 's prime strategy for fulfilling the mandate of strategic directions 2000-2005 , a brief review of lsc 's state planning [action] is probably in order .

LSC 's State Planning Initiative began in 1995 primarily in response to the programmatic changes and budget cuts that were threatening the very survival of legal services delivery across the nation .
lsc 's state planning [action] began in 1995 primarily in response to the programmatic changes and budget cuts that were threatening the very survival of legal services delivery across the nation .

OPP staff work with grantees to enhance the quality of their work through ongoing contact , through LSC 's Library Resource Initiative ( see section IV ) , and through program visits .
opp staff work with grantees to enhance the quality of their work through ongoing contact , through lsc 's library resource [action] ( see section iv ) , and through program visits .

TIG visits are made to Technology Initiative Grant ( TIG ) recipients .
tig visits are made to technology [action] grant ( tig ) recipients .

In addition to the 14 on-site program quality reviews , OPP technology staff visited our 2000 and 2001 Technology Initiative Grant ( TIG ) recipients in Indiana , South Carolina , Pennsylvania , Mississippi , Illinois , and Tennessee .
in addition to the 14 on-site program quality reviews , opp technology staff visited our 2000 and 2001 technology [action] grant ( tig ) recipients in indiana , south carolina , pennsylvania , mississippi , illinois , and tennessee .

In October 2002 , we launched the LSC Resource Library Initiative ( LRI ) , a website committed to ensuring that LSC programs are aware of and have access to innovations in civil legal services work .
in october 2002 , we launched the lsc resource library [action] ( lri ) , a website committed to ensuring that lsc programs are aware of and have access to innovations in civil legal services work .

This initiative permits LSC to distribute grant award letters electronically from a secure website .
this [action] permits lsc to distribute grant award letters electronically from a secure website .

The Technology Initiative Grant Program ( TIG ) is LSC 's most powerful tool to help programs ramp up existing technology systems .
the technology [action] grant program ( tig ) is lsc 's most powerful tool to help programs ramp up existing technology systems .

State Justice Communities Planning Initiative Evaluation Instrument In order to insure the highest quality and maximum level of services to potentially eligible clients in each state , and so that the goal of meeting those needs will be realized , LSC has developed the State Justice Communities Planning Initiative Evaluation Instrument .
state justice communities planning [action] evaluation instrument in order to insure the highest quality and maximum level of services to potentially eligible clients in each state , and so that the goal of meeting those needs will be realized , lsc has developed the state justice communities planning [action] evaluation instrument .

The Evaluation of Technology Projects TIG funds support the Technology Evaluation Project , an initiative of the Legal Aid Society of Cincinnati .
the evaluation of technology projects tig funds support the technology evaluation project , an [action] of the legal aid society of cincinnati .

These exemplary practices also were posted on the LSC Resource Library Initiative website ( LRI ) , ensuring easy and public access to information about them .
these exemplary practices also were posted on the lsc resource library [action] website ( lri ) , ensuring easy and public access to information about them .

Collaborative efforts enriched LSC 's Resource Library Initiative website .
collaborative efforts enriched lsc 's resource library [action] website .

Further , under its state planning initiative that mandates all grantees within a particular state work together to create a comprehensive and integrated statewide delivery system , grantees are required to address how they will work together to expand the resources available within that state to support legal services .
further , under its state planning [action] that mandates all grantees within a particular state work together to create a comprehensive and integrated statewide delivery system , grantees are required to address how they will work together to expand the resources available within that state to support legal services .

In 1995 , LSC 's state planning initiative was primarily focused on how grantees would work together to address funding shortfalls and to respond to the 1995-96 restrictions .
in 1995 , lsc 's state planning [action] was primarily focused on how grantees would work together to address funding shortfalls and to respond to the 1995-96 restrictions .

In 1998 , LSC Program Letters 98-1 and 98-6 broadened the scope of the state planning initiative , asking grantees to determine how they could expand services and ensure that all clients received similar levels of assistance regardless of their location in the state or other factors such as language , disability or political popularity .
in 1998 , lsc program letters 98-1 and 98-6 broadened the scope of the state planning [action] , asking grantees to determine how they could expand services and ensure that all clients received similar levels of assistance regardless of their location in the state or other factors such as language , disability or political popularity .

The Plan highlights LSC 's State Planning Initiative as the primary strategy for achieving these goals .
the plan highlights lsc 's state planning [action] as the primary strategy for achieving these goals .

Program Letter 2000-7 makes clear that the state planning initiative will continue to be LSC 's highest priority .
program letter 2000-7 makes clear that the state planning [action] will continue to be lsc 's highest priority .

In FY 2000 , Bay Legal was the recipient of a $ 175,235 LSC Technology Initiative Grant .
in fy 2000 , bay legal was the recipient of a $ 175,235 lsc technology [action] grant .

The I-CAN project , funded initially by an LSC technology initiative grant , was developed by the Legal Aid Society of Orange County ( LASOC ) to help `` pro per '' clients fill out Judicial Council forms in family law matters .
the i-can project , funded initially by an lsc technology [action] grant , was developed by the legal aid society of orange county ( lasoc ) to help `` pro per '' clients fill out judicial council forms in family law matters .

With support from LSC 's Technology Initiative Grants , LSC-funded programs are leaders and active participants in California 's plan to utilize technology to expand access and improve legal services delivery .
with support from lsc 's technology [action] grants , lsc-funded programs are leaders and active participants in california 's plan to utilize technology to expand access and improve legal services delivery .

In one region , three LSC programs have established a regional intake system , funded by an LSC Technology Initiative Grant , with a second planned for another region , to be developed in 2001 .
in one region , three lsc programs have established a regional intake system , funded by an lsc technology [action] grant , with a second planned for another region , to be developed in 2001 .

A region-wide community economic development initiative housed at an LSC program provides expertise and other resources to all IOTA recipients a third region .
a region-wide community economic development [action] housed at an lsc program provides expertise and other resources to all iota recipients a third region .

The project will be complemented by the HelpMeLaw website , funded by an LSC Technology Initiative Grant .
the project will be complemented by the helpmelaw website , funded by an lsc technology [action] grant .

The Committee 's most significant recent accomplishment was the launching of the statewide probono.net/mn initiative , a powerful web-based resource to support all attorneys across the states that are representing low-income clients .
the committee 's most significant recent accomplishment was the launching of the statewide probono.net/mn [action] , a powerful web-based resource to support all attorneys across the states that are representing low-income clients .

In January 1998 , LSC independently launched its state planning initiative and selected Ohio -- a state wherein LSC funded 14 separate programs including two programs that served a single county -- as one of its priority states .
in january 1998 , lsc independently launched its state planning [action] and selected ohio -- a state wherein lsc funded 14 separate programs including two programs that served a single county -- as one of its priority states .

Indeed , in February 1998 , Pennsylvania sent a representative to the LSC Board meeting to object to LSC 's state planning initiative ; and , later that month , a Pennsylvania delegation traveled to Washington to reiterate those views .
indeed , in february 1998 , pennsylvania sent a representative to the lsc board meeting to object to lsc 's state planning [action] ; and , later that month , a pennsylvania delegation traveled to washington to reiterate those views .

In September 2000 , LSC awarded the state LSC 's largest Technology Initiative Grant -- $ 500,000 for a two-year project that will establish a virtual legal aid office in every county of the state , including 23 counties that do not have legal services offices .
in september 2000 , lsc awarded the state lsc 's largest technology [action] grant -- $ 500,000 for a two-year project that will establish a virtual legal aid office in every county of the state , including 23 counties that do not have legal services offices .

The Education Committee sparked the creation of the Public Legal Education Council , a 35-member body created by joint initiative of the Governor , the Attorney General , the Office of the Superintendent of Public Instruction , and the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court .
the education committee sparked the creation of the public legal education council , a 35-member body created by joint [action] of the governor , the attorney general , the office of the superintendent of public instruction , and the chief justice of the supreme court .

Particular models , strategies , and approaches that have proven successful in one state may be useful to others , while the progress of the national initiative to build state justice communities as it has played out across the country provides some valuable information for national leaders and institutions .
particular models , strategies , and approaches that have proven successful in one state may be useful to others , while the progress of the national [action] to build state justice communities as it has played out across the country provides some valuable information for national leaders and institutions .

USE OF STATE PLANNING Commitment : Broad agreement by the civil justice community , including the courts and IOLTA programs , on the values , purposes , and objectives of the State Planning Initiative .
use of state planning commitment : broad agreement by the civil justice community , including the courts and iolta programs , on the values , purposes , and objectives of the state planning [action] .

Commitment : Internal capacity and expertise to support meaningful planning and plan implementation consistent with the values , purposes , and objectives of the State Planning Initiative .
commitment : internal capacity and expertise to support meaningful planning and plan implementation consistent with the values , purposes , and objectives of the state planning [action] .

USE OF TECHNOLOGY Commitment : Statewide technology plans required as part of the State Planning Initiative .
use of technology commitment : statewide technology plans required as part of the state planning [action] .

Ninety-five Technology Initiative Grant ( TIG ) requests were received from 46 states and territories for a total of $ 19.2 million .
ninety-five technology [action] grant ( tig ) requests were received from 46 states and territories for a total of $ 19.2 million .

She will assist state justice communities with this critical initiative .
she will assist state justice communities with this critical [action] .

A benefit of Tennessee 's fair housing efforts ( noted earlier ) is that LSC-funded programs in Mississippi , in collaboration with West Tennessee Legal Services , will receive a three-year HUD grant of $ 350,000 to develop and administer a fair housing initiative in Mississippi .
a benefit of tennessee 's fair housing efforts ( noted earlier ) is that lsc-funded programs in mississippi , in collaboration with west tennessee legal services , will receive a three-year hud grant of $ 350,000 to develop and administer a fair housing [action] in mississippi .

Together , the three other Mississippi LSC programs will receive $ 99,000 to implement the initiative in their service areas under the guidance of the Project Coordinator .
together , the three other mississippi lsc programs will receive $ 99,000 to implement the [action] in their service areas under the guidance of the project coordinator .

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY - THE CLEAR SKIES INITIATIVE February 14 , 2002 Today , President Bush proposed the most significant step America has ever taken to cut power plant emissions , the Clear Skies Initiative .
executive summary - the clear skies [action] february 14 , 2002 today , president bush proposed the most significant step america has ever taken to cut power plant emissions , the clear skies [action] .

The Clear Skies Initiative will cut air pollution 70 percent , using a proven , market-based approach that will save American consumers millions of dollars .
the clear skies [action] will cut air pollution 70 percent , using a proven , market-based approach that will save american consumers millions of dollars .

The Clear Skies Initiative will :
the clear skies [action] will :

THE CLEAR SKIES INITIATIVE � BUILDING ON THE CLEAN AIR ACT The President 's Clear Skies Initiative is designed to help us meet our national air quality goals .
the clear skies [action] � building on the clean air act the president 's clear skies [action] is designed to help us meet our national air quality goals .

The Clear Skies Initiative will continue to bring Americans : � Improved Air Quality : Reducing air pollution will bring clean air to tens of millions of people , saving them from smog ( ground-level ozone ) and fine particulate matter ( dust ) that cause respiratory and cardiovascular distress .
the clear skies [action] will continue to bring americans : � improved air quality : reducing air pollution will bring clean air to tens of millions of people , saving them from smog ( ground-level ozone ) and fine particulate matter ( dust ) that cause respiratory and cardiovascular distress .

Under the Clear Skies Initiative , America will continue to have a diverse fuel mix that ensures a reliable , affordable energy supply .
under the clear skies [action] , america will continue to have a diverse fuel mix that ensures a reliable , affordable energy supply .

HOW THE CLEAR SKIES INITIATIVE WORKS To improve air quality for millions of Americans , the Clear Skies Initiative will adopt the lessons learned from 30 years of environmental regulation by : 1 .
how the clear skies [action] works to improve air quality for millions of americans , the clear skies [action] will adopt the lessons learned from 30 years of environmental regulation by : 1 .

Establishing Emission Reduction Targets , Based on Sound Science , That Will Significantly Improve Air Quality , Protecting Human and Environmental Health : By reducing air pollution , and conducting constant monitoring of emissions , the Clear Skies Initiative guarantees that America 's power plants will meet ambitious air quality goals , even as they bring new power plants on line to meet growing demand .
establishing emission reduction targets , based on sound science , that will significantly improve air quality , protecting human and environmental health : by reducing air pollution , and conducting constant monitoring of emissions , the clear skies [action] guarantees that america 's power plants will meet ambitious air quality goals , even as they bring new power plants on line to meet growing demand .

Adopting a Comprehensive , Integrated , Multi-Pollutant Approach : By reducing emissions of the three key sources of air pollution at the same time , the Clear Skies Initiative will produce environmental results more effectively and efficiently than the current labyrinth of overlapping and uncoordinated single-pollutant requirements .
adopting a comprehensive , integrated , multi-pollutant approach : by reducing emissions of the three key sources of air pollution at the same time , the clear skies [action] will produce environmental results more effectively and efficiently than the current labyrinth of overlapping and uncoordinated single-pollutant requirements .

Improving Environmental Performance at Lower Cost Using Market-Based Mechanisms That Create Incentives for Innovation : Using the market-based mechanism of a cap-and-trade program , the Clear Skies Initiative will establish national , federally enforceable emissions limits for each pollutant .
improving environmental performance at lower cost using market-based mechanisms that create incentives for innovation : using the market-based mechanism of a cap-and-trade program , the clear skies [action] will establish national , federally enforceable emissions limits for each pollutant .

Ensuring a secure , affordable energy supply : By setting firm caps while offering flexibility in how utilities can meet those caps , the Clear Skies Initiative preserves a diverse fuel mix that supports economic growth with reasonably priced energy .
ensuring a secure , affordable energy supply : by setting firm caps while offering flexibility in how utilities can meet those caps , the clear skies [action] preserves a diverse fuel mix that supports economic growth with reasonably priced energy .

The Clear Skies Initiative will deliver substantial health and environmental benefits through a market-based approach that rewards innovation , reduces costs , and ensures results .
the clear skies [action] will deliver substantial health and environmental benefits through a market-based approach that rewards innovation , reduces costs , and ensures results .

The cap ensures that the reductions in SO2 , NOx and mercury required by the Clear Skies Initiative are achieved and maintained over time even as new power plants are built .
the cap ensures that the reductions in so2 , nox and mercury required by the clear skies [action] are achieved and maintained over time even as new power plants are built .

The `` National Climate Change Technology Initiative '' will accelerate priority research and the application of advanced energy and sequestration technologies , recognizing that the real answer to addressing climate change in the long term lies in the development and global introduction of such technologies in this century .
the `` national climate change technology [action] '' will accelerate priority research and the application of advanced energy and sequestration technologies , recognizing that the real answer to addressing climate change in the long term lies in the development and global introduction of such technologies in this century .

Estimated Steel Required for Multipollutant Initiative ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .40 6-3 .
estimated steel required for multipollutant [action] ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .40 6-3 .

Projected AC Demand Due to Multipollutant Initiative ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .52 7-1 .
projected ac demand due to multipollutant [action] ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .52 7-1 .

The overall employment outlook for boilermakers should be quite good , considering the work created by a multipollutant initiative and the work on new power plants that is projected over the next 20 years .
the overall employment outlook for boilermakers should be quite good , considering the work created by a multipollutant [action] and the work on new power plants that is projected over the next 20 years .

Climate Research Initiative and the National Climate Change Technology Initiative .
climate research [action] and the national climate change technology [action] .

The Clear Skies Act On February 14 , 2002 , the President announced the Clear Skies Initiative , a proposal to reduce emissions from electric power generating sources .
the clear skies act on february 14 , 2002 , the president announced the clear skies [action] , a proposal to reduce emissions from electric power generating sources .

For the purpose of the analyses presented here , the central features examined in the Initiative are identical to those contained in the Act .
for the purpose of the analyses presented here , the central features examined in the [action] are identical to those contained in the act .

The Postal Service complied with this requirement early in 1973 , and a Domestic Mail Classification Schedule recommended by the Commission became effective on July 6 , 1976.5 Following establishment of this initial mail classification schedule , § 3623 ( b ) provides that the Postal Service `` may from time to time request that the Commission submit , or the Commission may submit to the Governors on its own initiative , a recommended decision on changes in the mail classification schedule . ''
the postal service complied with this requirement early in 1973 , and a domestic mail classification schedule recommended by the commission became effective on july 6 , 1976.5 following establishment of this initial mail classification schedule , § 3623 ( b ) provides that the postal service `` may from time to time request that the commission submit , or the commission may submit to the governors on its own [action] , a recommended decision on changes in the mail classification schedule . ''

Less frequently , the Commission has begun proceedings on its own initiative , most commonly in response to a mail user 's request to do so .
less frequently , the commission has begun proceedings on its own [action] , most commonly in response to a mail user 's request to do so .

We know of at least one civilian who seized the initiative and shouted that anyone who could walk should walk to the stairs , and anyone who could help should help others in need of assistance .
we know of at least one civilian who seized the [action] and shouted that anyone who could walk should walk to the stairs , and anyone who could help should help others in need of assistance .

Many PAPD officers from different commands responded on their own initiative .
many papd officers from different commands responded on their own [action] .

As the `` Arlington County : After-Action Report '' notes , there were significant problems with both self-dispatching and communications : `` Organizations , response units , and individuals proceeding on their own initiative directly to an incident site , without the knowledge and permission of the host jurisdiction and the Incident Commander , complicate the exercise of command , increase the risks faced by bonafide responders , and exacerbate the challenge of accountability . ''
as the `` arlington county : after-action report '' notes , there were significant problems with both self-dispatching and communications : `` organizations , response units , and individuals proceeding on their own [action] directly to an incident site , without the knowledge and permission of the host jurisdiction and the incident commander , complicate the exercise of command , increase the risks faced by bonafide responders , and exacerbate the challenge of accountability . ''

For officers responding on their own initiative , see PAPD interview 8 , JFK Command ( Mar .
for officers responding on their own [action] , see papd interview 8 , jfk command ( mar .

White House press release , `` G-8 Secure and Facilitated Travel Initiative ( SAFTI ) , '' June 9,2004 ( online at www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/2004/06/20040609-51.html ) .
white house press release , `` g-8 secure and facilitated travel [action] ( safti ) , '' june 9,2004 ( online at www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/2004/06/20040609-51.html ) .

The summary of the meeting notes that the initiative was not an assassination , despite the inaccurate comments of some in the NSC .
the summary of the meeting notes that the [action] was not an assassination , despite the inaccurate comments of some in the nsc .

Berger speculated that the new government might use Bin Ladin to buy concessions from Washington , but neither side ever developed such an initiative .
berger speculated that the new government might use bin ladin to buy concessions from washington , but neither side ever developed such an [action] .

No one ever put such an initiative on the table .
no one ever put such an [action] on the table .

The CIA also developed the short-lived effort to work with a Pakistani team that we discussed earlier , and an initiative to work with Uzbekistan .
the cia also developed the short-lived effort to work with a pakistani team that we discussed earlier , and an [action] to work with uzbekistan .

As mentioned earlier , such a protracted deployment of U.S. Special Operations Forces into Afghanistan , perhaps as part of a team joined to a deployment of the CIA 's own officers , would have required a major policy initiative ( probably combined with efforts to secure the support of at least one or two neighboring countries ) to make a long-term commitment , establish a durable presence on the ground , and be prepared to accept the associated risks and costs .
as mentioned earlier , such a protracted deployment of u.s. special operations forces into afghanistan , perhaps as part of a team joined to a deployment of the cia 's own officers , would have required a major policy [action] ( probably combined with efforts to secure the support of at least one or two neighboring countries ) to make a long-term commitment , establish a durable presence on the ground , and be prepared to accept the associated risks and costs .

Backed by the Office of Management and Budget , a new National Intelligence Director empowered to set common standards for information use throughout the community , and a secretary of homeland security who helps extend the system to public agencies and relevant private-sector databases , a government-wide initiative can succeed .
backed by the office of management and budget , a new national intelligence director empowered to set common standards for information use throughout the community , and a secretary of homeland security who helps extend the system to public agencies and relevant private-sector databases , a government-wide [action] can succeed .

In our report we have shown how agents in Phoenix , Minneapolis , and New York displayed initiative in pressing their investigations .
in our report we have shown how agents in phoenix , minneapolis , and new york displayed [action] in pressing their investigations .

In mid-1998 , the situation reversed ; it was Iraq that reportedly took the initiative .
in mid-1998 , the situation reversed ; it was iraq that reportedly took the [action] .

The attorney had taken an interest , apparently on his own initiative , in the legal issues that would be involved in shooting down a U.S. aircraft in such a situation .
the attorney had taken an interest , apparently on his own [action] , in the legal issues that would be involved in shooting down a u.s. aircraft in such a situation .

A recent G-8 summit initiative to begin a dialogue about reform may be a start toward finding a place where leading Muslim states can discuss-and be seen to discuss-critical policy issues with the leading Western powers committed to the future of the Arab and Muslim world .
a recent g-8 summit [action] to begin a dialogue about reform may be a start toward finding a place where leading muslim states can discuss-and be seen to discuss-critical policy issues with the leading western powers committed to the future of the arab and muslim world .

Expand the Proliferation Security Initiative .
expand the proliferation security [action] .

In May 2003 , the Bush administration announced the Proliferation Security Initiative ( PSI ) : nations in a willing partnership combining their national capabilities to use military , economic , and diplomatic tools to interdict threatening shipments of WMD and missile-related technology .
in may 2003 , the bush administration announced the proliferation security [action] ( psi ) : nations in a willing partnership combining their national capabilities to use military , economic , and diplomatic tools to interdict threatening shipments of wmd and missile-related technology .

Preventing the proliferation of these weapons warrants a maximum effort-by strengthening counterproliferation efforts , expanding the Proliferation Security Initiative , and supporting the Cooperative Threat Reduction program .
preventing the proliferation of these weapons warrants a maximum effort-by strengthening counterproliferation efforts , expanding the proliferation security [action] , and supporting the cooperative threat reduction program .

United 's first decisive action to notify its airborne aircraft to take defensive action did not come until 9:19 , when a United flight dispatcher , Ed Ballinger , took the initiative to begin transmitting warnings to his 16 transcontinental flights : `` Beware any cockpit intrusion- Two a/c [ aircraft ] hit World Trade Center . ''
united 's first decisive action to notify its airborne aircraft to take defensive action did not come until 9:19 , when a united flight dispatcher , ed ballinger , took the [action] to begin transmitting warnings to his 16 transcontinental flights : `` beware any cockpit intrusion- two a/c [ aircraft ] hit world trade center . ''

In addition to notifications within the FAA , Boston Center took the initiative , at 8:34 , to contact the military through the FAA 's Cape Cod facility .
in addition to notifications within the faa , boston center took the [action] , at 8:34 , to contact the military through the faa 's cape cod facility .

The need for grant funding to launch any such initiative has to be accompanied by a sound business plan to ensure long-term economic viability .
the need for grant funding to launch any such [action] has to be accompanied by a sound business plan to ensure long-term economic viability .

Leaving aside quibbles and caveats about the book and about JSTOR , this remains a fascinating and instructive history of an important and ground-breaking initiative .
leaving aside quibbles and caveats about the book and about jstor , this remains a fascinating and instructive history of an important and ground-breaking [action] .

In an effort to provide equal access to communities with relatively little access to ARV therapy , the concept of a mobile clinic that would travel between communities to take health-care workers and resources to the location of the demand is a new initiative in Nigeria ( S. Agwale , personal communication ) that could also be considered in other regions .
in an effort to provide equal access to communities with relatively little access to arv therapy , the concept of a mobile clinic that would travel between communities to take health-care workers and resources to the location of the demand is a new [action] in nigeria ( s. agwale , personal communication ) that could also be considered in other regions .

Examples of such projects are the Medicines for Malaria Venture ( www.mmv.org ) , the Global Alliance for TB Drug Development ( www.tballiance.org ) , the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative ( www.iavi.org ) , the Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative ( Butler 2003b ) ( www.dndi.org ) , and the Institute for One World Health ( www.oneworldhealth.org ) .
examples of such projects are the medicines for malaria venture ( www.mmv.org ) , the global alliance for tb drug development ( www.tballiance.org ) , the international aids vaccine [action] ( www.iavi.org ) , the drugs for neglected diseases [action] ( butler 2003b ) ( www.dndi.org ) , and the institute for one world health ( www.oneworldhealth.org ) .

This is where the diatom sequencing project at the United States Department of the Environment 's Joint Genome Initiative ( JGI ) at Walnut Creek , California , comes in .
this is where the diatom sequencing project at the united states department of the environment 's joint genome [action] ( jgi ) at walnut creek , california , comes in .

Finally , if this initiative succeeds , it would serve as a suitable model from which to begin the more daunting task of trying to annotate the functions of the complex eukaryotic genomes , such as the human genome .
finally , if this [action] succeeds , it would serve as a suitable model from which to begin the more daunting task of trying to annotate the functions of the complex eukaryotic genomes , such as the human genome .

In the short-term , the Institute of Medicine called for expanded efforts “ to bring qualified volunteer initiative medical professionals into both urban and rural areas to support prevention , care , and training programs ” [ 2 ] .
in the short-term , the institute of medicine called for expanded efforts “ to bring qualified volunteer [action] medical professionals into both urban and rural areas to support prevention , care , and training programs ” [ 2 ] .

Global treatment efforts , including the World Health Organization 's â€œ3 by 5â€ Initiative , aim to extend therapy to several million people over the next few years [ 2 ] .
global treatment efforts , including the world health organization 's â€œ3 by 5â€ [action] , aim to extend therapy to several million people over the next few years [ 2 ] .

Two treatment-centered scenarios were tested in which the World Health Organization 's “ 3 by 5 ” initiative ( see Box 1 ) was achieved .
two treatment-centered scenarios were tested in which the world health organization 's “ 3 by 5 ” [action] ( see box 1 ) was achieved .

Excellence is key. ’ Taylor 's cautions reflect his experience of the EU 's Framework Programme and his reservations that any initiative from Brussels can be free of red tape .
excellence is key. ’ taylor 's cautions reflect his experience of the eu 's framework programme and his reservations that any [action] from brussels can be free of red tape .

As a complementary strategy , the Human Hookworm Vaccine Initiative ( HHVI ) is developing a safe , efficacious , and cost-effective vaccine , the Na -ASP-2 Hookworm Vaccine , that would provide an additional tool for the control of hookworm [ 29,30 ] .
as a complementary strategy , the human hookworm vaccine [action] ( hhvi ) is developing a safe , efficacious , and cost-effective vaccine , the na -asp-2 hookworm vaccine , that would provide an additional tool for the control of hookworm [ 29,30 ] .

Each of the points of the Framework could form a major research initiative .
each of the points of the framework could form a major research [action] .

The Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative ( www.dndi.org ) has now become the main partner for further development [ 4 ] .
the drugs for neglected diseases [action] ( www.dndi.org ) has now become the main partner for further development [ 4 ] .

The “ hit list ” from this screen is being made available on a Web site ( http : //itsa.ucsf.edu/~schisto/fruit.html ) for those organizations ( such as the Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative [ 4 ] , iOWH , and the World Health Organization ) whose missions include licensing , manufacture , and distribution .
the “ hit list ” from this screen is being made available on a web site ( http : //itsa.ucsf.edu/~schisto/fruit.html ) for those organizations ( such as the drugs for neglected diseases [action] [ 4 ] , iowh , and the world health organization ) whose missions include licensing , manufacture , and distribution .

Three nonprofit organizations ( the Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative , iOWH , and the Medicines for Malaria Venture ) are actively working to support various stages of the drug-development pipeline .
three nonprofit organizations ( the drugs for neglected diseases [action] , iowh , and the medicines for malaria venture ) are actively working to support various stages of the drug-development pipeline .

The American Medical Student Association ( AMSA ) , which has entered into a formal partnership with PLoS Medicine , accepts no pharmaceutical industry funding and encourages its members to eschew the industry largess through its “ PharmFree ” initiative ( www.amsa.org/prof/pharmfree.cfm ) .
the american medical student association ( amsa ) , which has entered into a formal partnership with plos medicine , accepts no pharmaceutical industry funding and encourages its members to eschew the industry largess through its “ pharmfree ” [action] ( www.amsa.org/prof/pharmfree.cfm ) .

A Global Issue The increased diversity of European populations , with the expected stress on entrenched health care systems and on the migrants themselves , has led to Migrant-Friendly Hospitals ( http : //www.mfh-eu.net ) , a “ European initiative to promote health and health literacy of migrants and ethnic minorities ” begun in October 2002 .
a global issue the increased diversity of european populations , with the expected stress on entrenched health care systems and on the migrants themselves , has led to migrant-friendly hospitals ( http : //www.mfh-eu.net ) , a “ european [action] to promote health and health literacy of migrants and ethnic minorities ” begun in october 2002 .

In this article , we discuss the limitations of these two approaches and suggest a third , “ open source , ” approach to drug development , called the Tropical Diseases Initiative ( TDI ) .
in this article , we discuss the limitations of these two approaches and suggest a third , “ open source , ” approach to drug development , called the tropical diseases [action] ( tdi ) .

Examples include the Institute for One World Health ( www.iowh.org ) , a not-for-profit pharmaceutical company funded mainly through private sources and the Gates Foundation , and the Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative ( www.dndi.org ) , a public sector not-for-profit organization designed to mobilize resources for R & D on new drugs for neglected diseases .
examples include the institute for one world health ( www.iowh.org ) , a not-for-profit pharmaceutical company funded mainly through private sources and the gates foundation , and the drugs for neglected diseases [action] ( www.dndi.org ) , a public sector not-for-profit organization designed to mobilize resources for r & d on new drugs for neglected diseases .

For example , the Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative has a portfolio of nine projects spread out across the drug development pipeline for the treatment of leishmaniasis , sleeping sickness , Chagas disease , and malaria [ 6 ] .
for example , the drugs for neglected diseases [action] has a portfolio of nine projects spread out across the drug development pipeline for the treatment of leishmaniasis , sleeping sickness , chagas disease , and malaria [ 6 ] .

We believe that a new , community-wide consortium , the Tropical Disease Initiative , can help solve these problems .
we believe that a new , community-wide consortium , the tropical disease [action] , can help solve these problems .

Consequently , any initiative that provides open access to scientific literature and databases is extremely useful .
consequently , any [action] that provides open access to scientific literature and databases is extremely useful .

This achievement was a United States initiative , facilitated by the injection of federal and state funding into Phytophthora research .
this achievement was a united states [action] , facilitated by the injection of federal and state funding into phytophthora research .

The P. infestans sequencing initiative , coordinated by Kamoun , has recently completed a survey sequence of the genome that gives an initial understanding of how this organism is structured .
the p. infestans sequencing [action] , coordinated by kamoun , has recently completed a survey sequence of the genome that gives an initial understanding of how this organism is structured .

Another factor is undeniably the fear of the unknown P. ramorum , which in 2002 netted the Virginia–California initiative US $ 3,800,000 in federal funding to describe its genome .
another factor is undeniably the fear of the unknown p. ramorum , which in 2002 netted the virginia–california [action] us $ 3,800,000 in federal funding to describe its genome .

The impact of these projects will be accelerated by an economic development initiative launched this year which will enable new and existing businesses to flourish in this neighborhood .
the impact of these projects will be accelerated by an economic development [action] launched this year which will enable new and existing businesses to flourish in this neighborhood .

That is why this national initiative is now being launched in six Midwestern cities .
that is why this national [action] is now being launched in six midwestern cities .

Participants in the Youth Outcomes Educational Initiative identified three goals for all our youth to obtain : economic self-sufficiency , healthy family , social relationships , and involvement in the community .
participants in the youth outcomes educational [action] identified three goals for all our youth to obtain : economic self-sufficiency , healthy family , social relationships , and involvement in the community .

Mzee Kenyatta is acclaimed from all quarters of the world as a true son of Africa , a renowned leader of vision , initiative , guidance and an international public figure of the highest caliber .
mzee kenyatta is acclaimed from all quarters of the world as a true son of africa , a renowned leader of vision , [action] , guidance and an international public figure of the highest caliber .

English Maybe : Remember Proposition 227 , the initiative by which ( in theory ) California voters threw out that state 's disastrous bilingual education program and replaced it with `` English immersion '' ?
english maybe : remember proposition 227 , the [action] by which ( in theory ) california voters threw out that state 's disastrous bilingual education program and replaced it with `` english immersion '' ?

The WP lead explains that the Army 's new educational initiative is particularly well suited to Hispanics , who make up 40 percent of those potential recruits who show high military aptitude despite lacking a high-school diploma , and to deployed soldiers , who , it is thought , should be able to keep up with course work via Internet-aided `` distance learning '' far better than they could via traditional classroom-based coursework .
the wp lead explains that the army 's new educational [action] is particularly well suited to hispanics , who make up 40 percent of those potential recruits who show high military aptitude despite lacking a high-school diploma , and to deployed soldiers , who , it is thought , should be able to keep up with course work via internet-aided `` distance learning '' far better than they could via traditional classroom-based coursework .

Taken together the two Times summarize the to-the-moment budget state of play : IN : the $ 1.1 billion education initiative , originally proposed by President Clinton as exclusively for hiring new teachers , but as per GOP desires , local school districts will now retain the flexibility to use the new money not just for hiring , but also for recruitment , testing , and training of teachers ; a $ 6 billion disaster assistance measure for farmers ; grants to help the needy pay heating bills ; $ 950 million towards a national anti-missile defense system ; and $ 18 billion for the IMF .
taken together the two times summarize the to-the-moment budget state of play : in : the $ 1.1 billion education [action] , originally proposed by president clinton as exclusively for hiring new teachers , but as per gop desires , local school districts will now retain the flexibility to use the new money not just for hiring , but also for recruitment , testing , and training of teachers ; a $ 6 billion disaster assistance measure for farmers ; grants to help the needy pay heating bills ; $ 950 million towards a national anti-missile defense system ; and $ 18 billion for the imf .

This is also the top international news story at the Los Angeles Times , which leads instead with word that bilingual education continues to thrive in California 's public schools despite passage this year of a statewide initiative substantially restricting it .
this is also the top international news story at the los angeles times , which leads instead with word that bilingual education continues to thrive in california 's public schools despite passage this year of a statewide [action] substantially restricting it .

Advance , Weakening Impeachment Prospects ... . '' The Los Angeles Times headline lavishes its big type on the victory of Democrat Gray Davis in the California governor 's race , the re-election to the Senate of Barbara Boxer and the victory of the initiative permitting Indian-run casinos .
advance , weakening impeachment prospects ... . '' the los angeles times headline lavishes its big type on the victory of democrat gray davis in the california governor 's race , the re-election to the senate of barbara boxer and the victory of the [action] permitting indian-run casinos .

A California ballot initiative on paycheck protection in 1998 failed , slowing the movement 's momentum ; no states adopted paycheck protection in 1999 .
a california ballot [action] on paycheck protection in 1998 failed , slowing the movement 's momentum ; no states adopted paycheck protection in 1999 .

Jose Moreno , a spokesman for the opponents to the ballot initiative , explained to David Corn of The Nation that `` a gentleman 's agreement was worked out '' with the corporate community to lie low .
jose moreno , a spokesman for the opponents to the ballot [action] , explained to david corn of the nation that `` a gentleman 's agreement was worked out '' with the corporate community to lie low .

Clinton 's State of the Union proposal to semi-privatize Social Security may be getting most of the press , but his plan to penalize states with the loss of federal education dollars if they fail to enforce strict academic standards was by far the most interesting policy initiative unveiled in his Tuesday speech .
clinton 's state of the union proposal to semi-privatize social security may be getting most of the press , but his plan to penalize states with the loss of federal education dollars if they fail to enforce strict academic standards was by far the most interesting policy [action] unveiled in his tuesday speech .

Similarly , everyone who thinks about it agrees that modern Japan has deep structural problems : a failure to move out of traditional heavy industry , an educational system that stresses obedience rather than initiative , a business system that insulates big company managers from market reality .
similarly , everyone who thinks about it agrees that modern japan has deep structural problems : a failure to move out of traditional heavy industry , an educational system that stresses obedience rather than [action] , a business system that insulates big company managers from market reality .

On the eve of his acquittal in the Senate , he allegedly let slip that his next major policy initiative is retaliating against impeachment foes .
on the eve of his acquittal in the senate , he allegedly let slip that his next major policy [action] is retaliating against impeachment foes .

Speech : President Clinton unveils major new fiscal policy initiative .
speech : president clinton unveils major new fiscal policy [action] .

To the growing legion of Clinton cynics , the president 's race-relations initiative , unveiled last weekend , is an exercise in cheap talk .
to the growing legion of clinton cynics , the president 's race-relations [action] , unveiled last weekend , is an exercise in cheap talk .

On crime , Clinton has had basically the right idea with his community-policing initiative .
on crime , clinton has had basically the right idea with his community-policing [action] .

California 's new governor , Democrat Gray Davis , has endorsed a diversity plan for the University of California system that would replace the programs swept away by a 1996 ballot initiative .
california 's new governor , democrat gray davis , has endorsed a diversity plan for the university of california system that would replace the programs swept away by a 1996 ballot [action] .

The Chronicle of Higher Education reports that Ward Connerly , the architect of the 1996 initiative , has extended cautious support to the plan .
the chronicle of higher education reports that ward connerly , the architect of the 1996 [action] , has extended cautious support to the plan .

Connerly and his allies scored a recent victory in Washington state , which has begun to dismantle its affirmative action programs after voters passed a clone of the California initiative in November .
connerly and his allies scored a recent victory in washington state , which has begun to dismantle its affirmative action programs after voters passed a clone of the california [action] in november .

It quoted Ivanov as saying , in reference to the American ABM initiative , that it is vital that the two countries `` spring no more surprises on each other . ''
it quoted ivanov as saying , in reference to the american abm [action] , that it is vital that the two countries `` spring no more surprises on each other . ''

All this for an initiative that , notes the paper , won the approval of nearly 60 percent of California voters .
all this for an [action] that , notes the paper , won the approval of nearly 60 percent of california voters .

He rode to office by allying himself with a state term limit initiative that Foley filed suit to overturn .
he rode to office by allying himself with a state term limit [action] that foley filed suit to overturn .

Women who take the initiative -- a broad category of behavior that includes most signs of life , not to mention common politeness -- '' destroy male ambition and animal drive .
women who take the [action] -- a broad category of behavior that includes most signs of life , not to mention common politeness -- '' destroy male ambition and animal drive .

The notion that female initiative is useless because men know what they want is particularly odd -- most people do n't even know what they want for dinner .
the notion that female [action] is useless because men know what they want is particularly odd -- most people do n't even know what they want for dinner .

His end-the-tax-code initiative had merely given fodder to the Clinton administration in its efforts to paint Republicans as irresponsible .
his end-the-tax-code [action] had merely given fodder to the clinton administration in its efforts to paint republicans as irresponsible .

I 'm not sure why Canadian policy issues are universally regarded as being dull -- why the winning entry in the old competition for most boring headline , `` Worthwhile Canadian Initiative , '' still seems so funny ( yes , I think it 's funny , too ) .
i 'm not sure why canadian policy issues are universally regarded as being dull -- why the winning entry in the old competition for most boring headline , `` worthwhile canadian [action] , '' still seems so funny ( yes , i think it 's funny , too ) .

While Washington eventually agreed to offer `` token '' logistical support to the peacekeeping effort , it `` proceeded reluctantly , refusing to take the initiative from Canberra or even lend it the kind of significant military support it was requesting . ''
while washington eventually agreed to offer `` token '' logistical support to the peacekeeping effort , it `` proceeded reluctantly , refusing to take the [action] from canberra or even lend it the kind of significant military support it was requesting . ''

Songs that I hoped never to hear again -- '' Hold Your Head Up , '' `` Take It Easy , '' `` Band on the Run , '' `` Free Bird '' -- sound , in context , startlingly fresh , and Dunph 's brown corduroy jacket looks like the one I persisted in wearing into the late '80s when a girlfriend finally took the initiative to drop it down a garbage chute .
songs that i hoped never to hear again -- '' hold your head up , '' `` take it easy , '' `` band on the run , '' `` free bird '' -- sound , in context , startlingly fresh , and dunph 's brown corduroy jacket looks like the one i persisted in wearing into the late '80s when a girlfriend finally took the [action] to drop it down a garbage chute .

If the respondents are to be believed , there is no such thing as a presidential candidate who does n't use e-mail ( though we did n't bother asking Warren Beatty , Donald Trump , or Cybill Shepherd , all of whose candidacies remain extremely hypothetical ; and while we sent an e-mail to Bob Smith , we lacked the initiative to try to reach him by phone ) .
if the respondents are to be believed , there is no such thing as a presidential candidate who does n't use e-mail ( though we did n't bother asking warren beatty , donald trump , or cybill shepherd , all of whose candidacies remain extremely hypothetical ; and while we sent an e-mail to bob smith , we lacked the [action] to try to reach him by phone ) .

In an editorial titled `` Who Dares Wins '' ( the motto of the British SAS commandos ) , the paper said that the Russians have won `` not only Pristina and the initiative , but the secret admiration of scores of NATO officers frustrated by an enforced wait on the Kosovo borders . ''
in an editorial titled `` who dares wins '' ( the motto of the british sas commandos ) , the paper said that the russians have won `` not only pristina and the [action] , but the secret admiration of scores of nato officers frustrated by an enforced wait on the kosovo borders . ''

Dawn , Pakistan 's main English-language daily , ran three editorials Wednesday -- about literacy , rural health care , and an initiative by 14 women foreign ministers , including Madeleine Albright , to halt international trafficking in women and children -- but none about the country 's military coup .
dawn , pakistan 's main english-language daily , ran three editorials wednesday -- about literacy , rural health care , and an [action] by 14 women foreign ministers , including madeleine albright , to halt international trafficking in women and children -- but none about the country 's military coup .

An initiative to introduce it is on the ballot in Colorado .
an [action] to introduce it is on the ballot in colorado .

Why do we have a Seat Belt Initiative and not a Smoke Detector Initiative ?
why do we have a seat belt [action] and not a smoke detector [action] ?

Oddly , two of the most satisfying experiences of my life as a Jew came about on the initiative of gentiles .
oddly , two of the most satisfying experiences of my life as a jew came about on the [action] of gentiles .

Another bandwidth initiative , Broadcast PC , will exploit the unused bandwidth in broadcast television signals to beam content .
another bandwidth [action] , broadcast pc , will exploit the unused bandwidth in broadcast television signals to beam content .

Bradley has made the costlier pledges so far : his ambitious universal health-care initiative would by itself use the entire surplus , according to some estimates .
bradley has made the costlier pledges so far : his ambitious universal health-care [action] would by itself use the entire surplus , according to some estimates .

Amazon.com 's introduction this week of its zShops initiative -- which effectively makes Amazon a landlord for thousands of other Internet businesses who will pay Amazon to be listed on its site and give the company a commission on all sales -- was a perhaps predictable evolution of the Amazon business model .
amazon.com 's introduction this week of its zshops [action] -- which effectively makes amazon a landlord for thousands of other internet businesses who will pay amazon to be listed on its site and give the company a commission on all sales -- was a perhaps predictable evolution of the amazon business model .

Afterward , he gave an eloquent speech in which he unveiled a second major education policy initiative dealing with charter schools , reorganizing federal education programs , and a proposal that vaguely resembles national testing for third- through eighth-graders .
afterward , he gave an eloquent speech in which he unveiled a second major education policy [action] dealing with charter schools , reorganizing federal education programs , and a proposal that vaguely resembles national testing for third- through eighth-graders .

There 's a bigger point than just manufacturing mishaps at stake in the Intel sell-off , though , and that 's what you might call the `` fetishization of margins '' problem , which I touched on in last week 's discussion of Amazon.com 's zShops initiative .
there 's a bigger point than just manufacturing mishaps at stake in the intel sell-off , though , and that 's what you might call the `` fetishization of margins '' problem , which i touched on in last week 's discussion of amazon.com 's zshops [action] .

I believe we would probably be justified in experimenting with the initiative outlined in `` The Norplant Option , '' by Stuart Taylor Jr. , in a limited and controlled way .
i believe we would probably be justified in experimenting with the [action] outlined in `` the norplant option , '' by stuart taylor jr. , in a limited and controlled way .

The initiative is , in fact , an intrusion by the government upon the individual .
the [action] is , in fact , an intrusion by the government upon the individual .

The proposed initiative equals an attempt to `` buy people out '' of their biological destiny .
the proposed [action] equals an attempt to `` buy people out '' of their biological destiny .

Last week , voters in Seattle passed an initiative that will expand the city 's monorail , a quaint remnant of the 1962 World 's Fair , elevating it from its current 90-second-tourist-ride status into a 40-mile citywide transit system -- at the estimated cost of $ 1 billion .
last week , voters in seattle passed an [action] that will expand the city 's monorail , a quaint remnant of the 1962 world 's fair , elevating it from its current 90-second-tourist-ride status into a 40-mile citywide transit system -- at the estimated cost of $ 1 billion .

In this election , gambling interests dropped $ 100 million on a single California ballot initiative , toppled governors in two states , and bought senators and representatives by the crate .
in this election , gambling interests dropped $ 100 million on a single california ballot [action] , toppled governors in two states , and bought senators and representatives by the crate .

Missouri voters passed a ballot initiative to allow boat casinos .
missouri voters passed a ballot [action] to allow boat casinos .

The expansion of Indian casinos resulting from last week 's California voter initiative will slam Las Vegas , cutting its gambling revenues by $ 400 million a year .
the expansion of indian casinos resulting from last week 's california voter [action] will slam las vegas , cutting its gambling revenues by $ 400 million a year .

In an editorial Thursday , the Jerusalem Post called for the adoption of the `` Birthright '' initiative , proposed by Knesset member Yossi Beilin , under which every American Jewish boy or girl would , on turning 17 , be given an all-expenses-paid , three-week trip to Israel .
in an editorial thursday , the jerusalem post called for the adoption of the `` birthright '' [action] , proposed by knesset member yossi beilin , under which every american jewish boy or girl would , on turning 17 , be given an all-expenses-paid , three-week trip to israel .

An initiative in Michigan upheld a ban on assisted suicide .
an [action] in michigan upheld a ban on assisted suicide .

A Washington initiative modeled on California 's Proposition 209 abolished state affirmative action programs .
a washington [action] modeled on california 's proposition 209 abolished state affirmative action programs .

Oregon voters also killed an initiative to re-criminalize marijuana possession .
oregon voters also killed an [action] to re-criminalize marijuana possession .

Only in Oregon , where a massively broad ban on logging was proposed , did an environmental initiative fail .
only in oregon , where a massively broad ban on logging was proposed , did an environmental [action] fail .

Iowa gender neutralized its constitution ( New Hampshire did not ) , and Florida passed an equal rights initiative .
iowa gender neutralized its constitution ( new hampshire did not ) , and florida passed an equal rights [action] .

Democrats afflicted with a foolish optimism may view these initiative victories as a sign of an impending liberal majority .
democrats afflicted with a foolish optimism may view these [action] victories as a sign of an impending liberal majority .

A U.N. secretary-general is a CEO , someone who needs to be independent enough to take the initiative but tractable enough to heed his board members ( that is , the member states ) .
a u.n. secretary-general is a ceo , someone who needs to be independent enough to take the [action] but tractable enough to heed his board members ( that is , the member states ) .

He recently said that a Washington state initiative to require trigger locks was `` written by Satan . '' )
he recently said that a washington state [action] to require trigger locks was `` written by satan . '' )

The Washington Post and USA Today lead with a joint anti-urban-poverty initiative between President Clinton and House Speaker Dennis Hastert , R-Ill. , to be announced today .
the washington post and usa today lead with a joint anti-urban-poverty [action] between president clinton and house speaker dennis hastert , r-ill. , to be announced today .

To show Bradley 's extreme controversiality on poverty , Klein notes that Bradley `` has remained opposed to Clinton 's 1996 welfare initiative . ''
to show bradley 's extreme controversiality on poverty , klein notes that bradley `` has remained opposed to clinton 's 1996 welfare [action] . ''

The Los Angeles Times leads with the emergence of California 's growing privacy-rights movement and says that next week advocates will file for a proposed ballot initiative giving protections to victims of identity fraud .
the los angeles times leads with the emergence of california 's growing privacy-rights movement and says that next week advocates will file for a proposed ballot [action] giving protections to victims of identity fraud .

The employment arrangements that have been traditional in this country since 1863 are obviously not adequate to the task , because there is nothing to stop a healthy , well-fed , well-trained person -- once raised up to this desirable state through private-sector initiative -- from taking her services elsewhere .
the employment arrangements that have been traditional in this country since 1863 are obviously not adequate to the task , because there is nothing to stop a healthy , well-fed , well-trained person -- once raised up to this desirable state through private-sector [action] -- from taking her services elsewhere .

An initiative on the November ballot asks voters to approve slot machines and video poker , proceeds of which will be used `` to build esteem '' among the native peoples .
an [action] on the november ballot asks voters to approve slot machines and video poker , proceeds of which will be used `` to build esteem '' among the native peoples .

This may seem counterintuitive , given that all you hear about lately is how important it is that IBM is moving into services -- i.e. , its e-business initiative -- or that Hewlett-Packard is revitalizing itself as a services company .
this may seem counterintuitive , given that all you hear about lately is how important it is that ibm is moving into services -- i.e. , its e-business [action] -- or that hewlett-packard is revitalizing itself as a services company .

La Repubblica of Rome described Germany 's call on Sunday for an immediate pan-European initiative against the Algerian terrorists as a conscious decision to override the feelings of its great ally , France , out of `` fear of seeing the triumph only a few hours ' flight from Frankfurt , Paris and Milan of intransigent and violent Islamic fundamentalists on a par with those of Afghanistan or of Iran before [ President Mohammed ] Khatami . ''
la repubblica of rome described germany 's call on sunday for an immediate pan-european [action] against the algerian terrorists as a conscious decision to override the feelings of its great ally , france , out of `` fear of seeing the triumph only a few hours ' flight from frankfurt , paris and milan of intransigent and violent islamic fundamentalists on a par with those of afghanistan or of iran before [ president mohammed ] khatami . ''

In London , the Financial Times ran an editorial urging Clinton to offer `` greater US support for the World Bank-led initiative to reduce the debt of the poorest countries , and backing for African governments ' plans to put the money into health and education . ''
in london , the financial times ran an editorial urging clinton to offer `` greater us support for the world bank-led [action] to reduce the debt of the poorest countries , and backing for african governments ' plans to put the money into health and education . ''

The `` initiative '' of Israel 's `` most important ally '' could be `` superseded by inter-Arab or Arab-European initiatives that will be far tougher , '' it said , adding that it will now be almost impossible to `` rehabilitate the ruins of the trust '' the Palestinian and Israeli public once had in the peace process . ''
the `` [action] '' of israel 's `` most important ally '' could be `` superseded by inter-arab or arab-european initiatives that will be far tougher , '' it said , adding that it will now be almost impossible to `` rehabilitate the ruins of the trust '' the palestinian and israeli public once had in the peace process . ''

The Israeli newspaper Ha'aretz led Thursday with an exclusive report saying that the latest draft of the U.S. peace initiative required that Israel stop expanding its West Bank settlements and `` refrain from demolishing 1800 [ Palestinian ] homes currently slated for demolition . ''
the israeli newspaper ha'aretz led thursday with an exclusive report saying that the latest draft of the u.s. peace [action] required that israel stop expanding its west bank settlements and `` refrain from demolishing 1800 [ palestinian ] homes currently slated for demolition . ''

In Israel , under the headline `` Another UN obscenity , '' an editorial in the conservative Jerusalem Post stridently condemned the Rome agreement 's inclusion , on Arab initiative , of a paragraph that defined as a war crime an occupying power 's transfer of a civilians to territory it has occupied .
in israel , under the headline `` another un obscenity , '' an editorial in the conservative jerusalem post stridently condemned the rome agreement 's inclusion , on arab [action] , of a paragraph that defined as a war crime an occupying power 's transfer of a civilians to territory it has occupied .

The warrant was issued on the initiative of an obscure , self-appointed guardian of family values , a lawyer named Anil Goel , who had objected to four films -- The Jigsaw Murders , Dance of the Damned , Stripped to Kill , and Big , Bad Mama -- that were broadcast in November 1996 , the newspaper said .
the warrant was issued on the [action] of an obscure , self-appointed guardian of family values , a lawyer named anil goel , who had objected to four films -- the jigsaw murders , dance of the damned , stripped to kill , and big , bad mama -- that were broadcast in november 1996 , the newspaper said .

In another report , Ha'aretz said the United States will decide whether to table its latest Middle East peace initiative only after U.S. envoy Dennis Ross talks with Netanyahu in London next Monday .
in another report , ha'aretz said the united states will decide whether to table its latest middle east peace [action] only after u.s. envoy dennis ross talks with netanyahu in london next monday .

By contrast , the liberal daily Ha'aretz said Clinton 's military initiative is `` doomed to failure '' unless it is accompanied by diplomatic efforts to promote reconciliation between Israelis and Arabs .
by contrast , the liberal daily ha'aretz said clinton 's military [action] is `` doomed to failure '' unless it is accompanied by diplomatic efforts to promote reconciliation between israelis and arabs .

Here 's the big news : Latino voters polled favored the initiative by an even greater margin than whites .
here 's the big news : latino voters polled favored the [action] by an even greater margin than whites .

A WP piece on the president 's newly created office managing his initiative on race and reconciliation offhandedly mentions that it has a staff of 21 and a budget of nearly five million dollars .
a wp piece on the president 's newly created office managing his [action] on race and reconciliation offhandedly mentions that it has a staff of 21 and a budget of nearly five million dollars .

I also thought better of the second part , which starts with Clark Kerr 's role in the creation of the three-level California higher-education system , and ends with Lemann 's detailed account of the political battle over the California Civil Rights Initiative , than you did , but I 'll get to that later .
i also thought better of the second part , which starts with clark kerr 's role in the creation of the three-level california higher-education system , and ends with lemann 's detailed account of the political battle over the california civil rights [action] , than you did , but i 'll get to that later .

Maybe I was too prickly about Lemann 's treatment of the California Civil Rights Initiative , but let me explain why .
maybe i was too prickly about lemann 's treatment of the california civil rights [action] , but let me explain why .

The next big chunk of the book is about Clark Kerr and the California university system and the fight over the California Civil Rights Initiative .
the next big chunk of the book is about clark kerr and the california university system and the fight over the california civil rights [action] .

Likewise , he 's entitled to appear shy or unfriendly around her , and perhaps unintentionally hamper her ability to network inside the company , and even then assume she lacks initiative and give her a mediocre job evaluation .
likewise , he 's entitled to appear shy or unfriendly around her , and perhaps unintentionally hamper her ability to network inside the company , and even then assume she lacks [action] and give her a mediocre job evaluation .

The United States , after all , has been blessed ( we are constantly told ) with a dynamic , egalitarian sort of capitalism , one that has always rewarded individual initiative and confounded class distinctions .
the united states , after all , has been blessed ( we are constantly told ) with a dynamic , egalitarian sort of capitalism , one that has always rewarded individual [action] and confounded class distinctions .

Throughout America in Black and White , the Thernstroms attack almost any initiative that steps beyond simple anti-discrimination : affirmative action , race norming in testing ( under which black examinees and white examinees are ranked and judged separately ) , majority-minority electoral districts , busing , subsidies for purposes of residential racial integration , and so on .
throughout america in black and white , the thernstroms attack almost any [action] that steps beyond simple anti-discrimination : affirmative action , race norming in testing ( under which black examinees and white examinees are ranked and judged separately ) , majority-minority electoral districts , busing , subsidies for purposes of residential racial integration , and so on .

His initiative notwithstanding , he has come under fire for letting the Whitman administration undermine what the Pollution Prevention Act sought to achieve .
his [action] notwithstanding , he has come under fire for letting the whitman administration undermine what the pollution prevention act sought to achieve .

Nearly every show replayed the president 's decorum-breaking response to the ABC reporter who tried to snare him with a sticky-tape question about his race initiative .
nearly every show replayed the president 's decorum-breaking response to the abc reporter who tried to snare him with a sticky-tape question about his race [action] .

Several pundits ( Liasson ; Mark Shields , NewsHour ; Tony Blankley , CNN 's Late Edition ) compared the treaty 's political impact to that of the Clinton administration 's first-term health-care initiative : Voters endorse big-think issues like these in principle , but rebel after they get wind of the specifics .
several pundits ( liasson ; mark shields , newshour ; tony blankley , cnn 's late edition ) compared the treaty 's political impact to that of the clinton administration 's first-term health-care [action] : voters endorse big-think issues like these in principle , but rebel after they get wind of the specifics .

We need to think out our `` endgame '' before we begin any military initiative , argue David Gergen and Pat Buchanan ( both on McLaughlin Group ) .
we need to think out our `` endgame '' before we begin any military [action] , argue david gergen and pat buchanan ( both on mclaughlin group ) .

While there was plenty of time on the weekend shows to palaver about Hillary Clinton 's emerging child-care initiative ( and her 50 th birthday ) , the Asian stock-market crash , and the reform of the IRS , the shows were silent about the Million Woman March .
while there was plenty of time on the weekend shows to palaver about hillary clinton 's emerging child-care [action] ( and her 50 th birthday ) , the asian stock-market crash , and the reform of the irs , the shows were silent about the million woman march .

His most Ozymandian efforts in this direction were gargantuan , Woodstock-style concerts on behalf of the state-sponsored initiative `` SOS Racism . ''
his most ozymandian efforts in this direction were gargantuan , woodstock-style concerts on behalf of the state-sponsored [action] `` sos racism . ''

In California , the Campaign for Digital Democracy is collecting digital petitions for a ballot initiative that would legalize Internet voting -- though virtual signatures are n't legally valid , at least not yet .
in california , the campaign for digital democracy is collecting digital petitions for a ballot [action] that would legalize internet voting -- though virtual signatures are n't legally valid , at least not yet .

An article explains why Clinton 's much-ballyhooed race initiative is so insubstantial : The poll-driven president was too scared of voter backlash to risk endorsing affirmative action or criticizing police racism .
an article explains why clinton 's much-ballyhooed race [action] is so insubstantial : the poll-driven president was too scared of voter backlash to risk endorsing affirmative action or criticizing police racism .

The New Republic 's cover story takes a skeptical look at California 's medical-marijuana initiative .
the new republic 's cover story takes a skeptical look at california 's medical-marijuana [action] .

Yet another editorial praises the California Civil Rights Initiative .
yet another editorial praises the california civil rights [action] .

Today , says the paper , with government legal aid programs on the wane , Soros will launch a multimillion-dollar initiative to fund 70 two-year public interest fellowships for young law school grads , supporting their legal efforts on behalf of such clients as battered women , the homeless , Native Americans and migrant farm workers .
today , says the paper , with government legal aid programs on the wane , soros will launch a multimillion-dollar [action] to fund 70 two-year public interest fellowships for young law school grads , supporting their legal efforts on behalf of such clients as battered women , the homeless , native americans and migrant farm workers .

A bottom front WP story reports that yesterday Al Gore announced an initiative to have the federal government write its millions of forms , directive and letters in `` plain language . ''
a bottom front wp story reports that yesterday al gore announced an [action] to have the federal government write its millions of forms , directive and letters in `` plain language . ''

The New York Times leads with Washington state 's anti-affirmative action ballot initiative .
the new york times leads with washington state 's anti-affirmative action ballot [action] .

The story also scores how Washington state business heavyweights line up on the ballot initiative : Boeing and Nordstrom are against , and Microsoft is expected to stay neutral .
the story also scores how washington state business heavyweights line up on the ballot [action] : boeing and nordstrom are against , and microsoft is expected to stay neutral .

By the way , the NYT states the Republicans plan to pay for their health insurance initiative with revenue raised from higher cigarette taxes , with or without the passage of a comprehensive tobacco settlement .
by the way , the nyt states the republicans plan to pay for their health insurance [action] with revenue raised from higher cigarette taxes , with or without the passage of a comprehensive tobacco settlement .

There are those who believe that if only the media would treat the public with proper respect , people would respond by acting responsibly -- that they would turn away from salacious stories about celebrities and read earnest articles about the flat-panel-display initiative instead .
there are those who believe that if only the media would treat the public with proper respect , people would respond by acting responsibly -- that they would turn away from salacious stories about celebrities and read earnest articles about the flat-panel-display [action] instead .

California adopted a 4 percent rule after a voter initiative , Prop .
california adopted a 4 percent rule after a voter [action] , prop .

Citing almost no cases , Tribe told the Supreme Court that the Colorado initiative violated the letter of the Equal Protection Clause because it denied gays alone the protection of the anti-discrimination laws .
citing almost no cases , tribe told the supreme court that the colorado [action] violated the letter of the equal protection clause because it denied gays alone the protection of the anti-discrimination laws .

The LAT is alone in quoting a Moscow military analyst who thinks `` the initiative is slipping from the hands of the worn-out military and into the hands of the Chechen rebels '' ; and in citing another analyst who thought it suspicious that Putin removed two of his most ardent supporters , also two of Russia 's most popular generals .
the lat is alone in quoting a moscow military analyst who thinks `` the [action] is slipping from the hands of the worn-out military and into the hands of the chechen rebels '' ; and in citing another analyst who thought it suspicious that putin removed two of his most ardent supporters , also two of russia 's most popular generals .

Weld could reply that he had opposed California 's medical-marijuana initiative because it was too lax , or that Helms is a pusher for tobacco , or that it might be a good idea to stop treating Mexico 's drug problem as a `` war . ''
weld could reply that he had opposed california 's medical-marijuana [action] because it was too lax , or that helms is a pusher for tobacco , or that it might be a good idea to stop treating mexico 's drug problem as a `` war . ''

PK wins not by refuting Ireland 's exegesis but by displaying subtlety in its own -- by arguing , for example , that a true leader recognizes his wife 's talents and takes the initiative to help them flourish .
pk wins not by refuting ireland 's exegesis but by displaying subtlety in its own -- by arguing , for example , that a true leader recognizes his wife 's talents and takes the [action] to help them flourish .

In a CNN interview eight months ago , Gore asserted , `` During my service in the United States Congress , I took the initiative in creating the Internet . ''
in a cnn interview eight months ago , gore asserted , `` during my service in the united states congress , i took the [action] in creating the internet . ''

The New York Times thinks Bradley crossed a moral line this week when he began to criticize Gore on his own initiative rather than `` in response to attacks by Gore . ''
the new york times thinks bradley crossed a moral line this week when he began to criticize gore on his own [action] rather than `` in response to attacks by gore . ''

Proponents of the ingeniously named California Civil Rights Initiative , which would forbid all state government affirmative-action policies , routinely invoke the sentence from King 's `` I Have a Dream '' speech looking forward to the day his children would be judged not by the `` color of their skin '' but by `` the content of their character . ''
proponents of the ingeniously named california civil rights [action] , which would forbid all state government affirmative-action policies , routinely invoke the sentence from king 's `` i have a dream '' speech looking forward to the day his children would be judged not by the `` color of their skin '' but by `` the content of their character . ''

When the Oregon ballot initiative was floated earlier this year , Kitzhaber endorsed the idea of abolishing the video lottery but said the state needed a phaseout period to find replacement revenue .
when the oregon ballot [action] was floated earlier this year , kitzhaber endorsed the idea of abolishing the video lottery but said the state needed a phaseout period to find replacement revenue .

The activists added a three-year phaseout to their ballot initiative .
the activists added a three-year phaseout to their ballot [action] .

Mr. Bush 's initiative falls short in several areas . ''
mr. bush 's [action] falls short in several areas . ''

Out here in Washington state , where we already run on Internet time , the voters decided that political disintermediation via the Web was taking too long , so they passed Initiative 695 by a 58 percent to 42 percent landslide in the Nov. 2 general election .
out here in washington state , where we already run on internet time , the voters decided that political disintermediation via the web was taking too long , so they passed [action] 695 by a 58 percent to 42 percent landslide in the nov. 2 general election .

The roots of the current tax revolt go back to 1993 , a recession year in which voters narrowly approved the Republican Party sanctioned Initiative 601 .
the roots of the current tax revolt go back to 1993 , a recession year in which voters narrowly approved the republican party sanctioned [action] 601 .

This tax-cutting initiative , which he is readying for the November 2000 election , will cap annual property-tax appraisals at 2 percent and exempt vehicles from the property tax ( on the long shot that the government might start taxing cars as property ) .
this tax-cutting [action] , which he is readying for the november 2000 election , will cap annual property-tax appraisals at 2 percent and exempt vehicles from the property tax ( on the long shot that the government might start taxing cars as property ) .

George W. Bush , R-Texas , in polls ; that President Clinton 's sleaze is rubbing off on Gore ; that Gore 's attempt to make suburban traffic jams a presidential campaign issue is frivolous ; and that Gore shot himself in the foot last week by claiming to have taken `` the initiative in creating the Internet . ''
george w. bush , r-texas , in polls ; that president clinton 's sleaze is rubbing off on gore ; that gore 's attempt to make suburban traffic jams a presidential campaign issue is frivolous ; and that gore shot himself in the foot last week by claiming to have taken `` the [action] in creating the internet . ''

He single-handedly closed the discussion on class-based affirmative action and excluded conservatives from the president 's race initiative .
he single-handedly closed the discussion on class-based affirmative action and excluded conservatives from the president 's race [action] .

The original Strategic Defense Initiative was supposed to defend the United States against a massive nuclear strike by the Soviet Union .
the original strategic defense [action] was supposed to defend the united states against a massive nuclear strike by the soviet union .

In al-Ra ' i of Jordan Thursday , political analyst Fahd al-Fanek said Islamic countries should put together a peacekeeping force that would be acceptable to both the Serbs and the Kosovar Albanians , while Clovis Maksoud , writing in both al-Khaleej of the United Arab Emirates and the Pan-Arab al-Hayat , said Arabs should work to take the initiative out of NATO 's hands and restore it to the United Nations , where it belongs .
in al-ra ' i of jordan thursday , political analyst fahd al-fanek said islamic countries should put together a peacekeeping force that would be acceptable to both the serbs and the kosovar albanians , while clovis maksoud , writing in both al-khaleej of the united arab emirates and the pan-arab al-hayat , said arabs should work to take the [action] out of nato 's hands and restore it to the united nations , where it belongs .

Heeding the outcry , Congress introduced five measures by late March to kill the initiative .
heeding the outcry , congress introduced five measures by late march to kill the [action] .

Taking the hint , the Fed composed the model KYC regulations on its own initiative last fall after two years of research .
taking the hint , the fed composed the model kyc regulations on its own [action] last fall after two years of research .

Later , when asked about his initiative to require homeless people to get jobs or leave their homeless shelters , Giuliani said the initiative `` emerges from the mandates of the welfare reform bill that was signed by President Clinton .
later , when asked about his [action] to require homeless people to get jobs or leave their homeless shelters , giuliani said the [action] `` emerges from the mandates of the welfare reform bill that was signed by president clinton .

The liberal Guardian had an emotive front page story on the initiative under a seven-column headline `` Is the time for courage , '' and an editorial expressing relief that the Spice Girls had crept into the No .
the liberal guardian had an emotive front page story on the [action] under a seven-column headline `` is the time for courage , '' and an editorial expressing relief that the spice girls had crept into the no .

In 1984 Charles Murray wrote , in Losing Ground , that government programs sap the initiative of the black population , creating feelings of dependency and entitlement .
in 1984 charles murray wrote , in losing ground , that government programs sap the [action] of the black population , creating feelings of dependency and entitlement .

In 1994 , the Clinton administration abandoned the health-care initiative and released all documents from the working group .
in 1994 , the clinton administration abandoned the health-care [action] and released all documents from the working group .

The biggest beefs are that the Nielsen numbers : 1 ) depend on people 's honesty and initiative -- filling out diaries , punching buttons , etc .
the biggest beefs are that the nielsen numbers : 1 ) depend on people 's honesty and [action] -- filling out diaries , punching buttons , etc .

However , many liberals who opposed the Bush testing plan have thrown their support behind Clinton 's initiative .
however , many liberals who opposed the bush testing plan have thrown their support behind clinton 's [action] .

Did the president know about such an initiative and was he or his staff influenced by it ?
did the president know about such an [action] and was he or his staff influenced by it ?

A theater in Berkeley gets 75 grand for an `` Asian Pacific American Audience Initiative . ''
a theater in berkeley gets 75 grand for an `` asian pacific american audience [action] . ''

It all made sense -- unless you happened to have read an article in the previous issue of the Standard about Proposition 215 , the other big California ballot initiative this year , which legalized the use of marijuana for medical purposes .
it all made sense -- unless you happened to have read an article in the previous issue of the standard about proposition 215 , the other big california ballot [action] this year , which legalized the use of marijuana for medical purposes .

In defending this scenario , Bennett , Hatch , and others have already used the same argument conservatives denounce as elitist and patronizing in the case of the affirmative-action initiative : that disingenuous wording misled voters about the measure 's real effect .
in defending this scenario , bennett , hatch , and others have already used the same argument conservatives denounce as elitist and patronizing in the case of the affirmative-action [action] : that disingenuous wording misled voters about the measure 's real effect .

Decrying a judge 's interference with the affirmative-action initiative is more in keeping with general conservative complaints about `` judicial activism '' -- but not in keeping with much previous conservative huffery on affirmative action itself .
decrying a judge 's interference with the affirmative-action [action] is more in keeping with general conservative complaints about `` judicial activism '' -- but not in keeping with much previous conservative huffery on affirmative action itself .

In 1995 , the newly elected Republican Congress passed a budget bill that included a `` compliance initiative '' authorizing the hiring of 1,200 new IRS agents .
in 1995 , the newly elected republican congress passed a budget bill that included a `` compliance [action] '' authorizing the hiring of 1,200 new irs agents .

By the beginning of October , if not before , federal bureaucrats are supposed to have put into place the first elements of the government 's Plain Language Initiative , which aims to make the government `` more responsive , accessible , and understandable in its communications with the public . ''
by the beginning of october , if not before , federal bureaucrats are supposed to have put into place the first elements of the government 's plain language [action] , which aims to make the government `` more responsive , accessible , and understandable in its communications with the public . ''

Plain Language also uses the active voice -- although a White House press release accompanying the president 's memorandum notes that the Plain Language Initiative , which now forms a part of Al Gore 's `` Reinventing Government '' program , `` was developed [ oops ! ]
plain language also uses the active voice -- although a white house press release accompanying the president 's memorandum notes that the plain language [action] , which now forms a part of al gore 's `` reinventing government '' program , `` was developed [ oops ! ]

This German version of the Plain Language Initiative -- Kampf auf gut Deutsch , as it might be called -- went into effect Aug. 1 but has been challenged in court and will be challenged again in a referendum this fall .
this german version of the plain language [action] -- kampf auf gut deutsch , as it might be called -- went into effect aug. 1 but has been challenged in court and will be challenged again in a referendum this fall .

As for the U.S. government 's Plain Language Initiative , its stated ambitions are in truth astonishing .
as for the u.s. government 's plain language [action] , its stated ambitions are in truth astonishing .

Needless to say , the Federalist essays do not meet the simple strictures of the Plain Language Initiative .
needless to say , the federalist essays do not meet the simple strictures of the plain language [action] .

If enforced , the Plain Language Initiative would create a Year 2002 Problem of surpassing magnitude -- a revisionist enterprise unprecedented in our history .
if enforced , the plain language [action] would create a year 2002 problem of surpassing magnitude -- a revisionist enterprise unprecedented in our history .

As it happens , though , the initiative comes with no enforcement provisions beyond interagency suasion and popular indignation .
as it happens , though , the [action] comes with no enforcement provisions beyond interagency suasion and popular indignation .

The WP lead draws attention to an initiative buried in the new federal budget agreement that will pay teaching hospitals across the country to reduce the number of residents they train in various specialties .
the wp lead draws attention to an [action] buried in the new federal budget agreement that will pay teaching hospitals across the country to reduce the number of residents they train in various specialties .

Apparently the main purpose of convening the committee 's monthly meetings is to provide an occasion for the administration to unveil installments of the President 's Race Initiative -- a yearlong parade of minipolicies .
apparently the main purpose of convening the committee 's monthly meetings is to provide an occasion for the administration to unveil installments of the president 's race [action] -- a yearlong parade of minipolicies .

Yesterday , reports the Times , the Supremes struck down Colorado 's laws requiring that circulators of initiative petitions be registered to vote in the state and wear identifying badges , and have their name , address and pay on file .
yesterday , reports the times , the supremes struck down colorado 's laws requiring that circulators of [action] petitions be registered to vote in the state and wear identifying badges , and have their name , address and pay on file .

Then there is the marvelously uninformative Strategic Defence Initiative .
then there is the marvelously uninformative strategic defence [action] .

Weapons engineers have tried to euphemize and deromanticize the terminology : death rays are called “ beam weaponry , ” and the U.S. antimissile defense system is SDI ( Strategic Defense Initiative ) , despite the public acceptance of the catchier Star Wars ( from the 1977 SF film ) .
weapons engineers have tried to euphemize and deromanticize the terminology : death rays are called “ beam weaponry , ” and the u.s. antimissile defense system is sdi ( strategic defense [action] ) , despite the public acceptance of the catchier star wars ( from the 1977 sf film ) .

Perhaps the two Bush administration officials , or their writers , were aware of objections to the positions attributed to them and decided to take the initiative , Thornburgh by distancing himself from those favoring a ` willy-nilly ' commitment of troops in Latin America and Cheney by blaming members of Congress for urging ` willy-nilly ' proposals to cut the defense budget .
perhaps the two bush administration officials , or their writers , were aware of objections to the positions attributed to them and decided to take the [action] , thornburgh by distancing himself from those favoring a ` willy-nilly ' commitment of troops in latin america and cheney by blaming members of congress for urging ` willy-nilly ' proposals to cut the defense budget .

