He asked for another 10 million dollar `` initial '' appropriation for `` stimulatory grants '' to states to improve nursing homes .
he asked for another 10 million dollar `` [first] '' appropriation for `` stimulatory grants '' to states to improve nursing homes .

One of the initial questions put to President Kennedy at his first news conference last January was about his attitude toward a meeting with Premier Khrushchev .
one of the [first] questions put to president kennedy at his first news conference last january was about his attitude toward a meeting with premier khrushchev .

Premier Khrushchev wrecked the conference at its initial session with a bitter denunciation of the U. S. for the U-2 incident .
premier khrushchev wrecked the conference at its [first] session with a bitter denunciation of the u. s. for the u-2 incident .

In the 12 months ended in February , 1960 , the highway earned enough to cover 64 per cent of its interest load -- with the remainder paid out of initial reserves .
in the 12 months ended in february , 1960 , the highway earned enough to cover 64 per cent of its interest load -- with the remainder paid out of [first] reserves .

Other communities -- the ones to be aided most by the Senate bill -- have had difficulty starting such stations because of the high initial cost of equipment .
other communities -- the ones to be aided most by the senate bill -- have had difficulty starting such stations because of the high [first] cost of equipment .

Initial claims for jobless benefits were said to have dropped by 8,100 in the week ending March 4 .
[first] claims for jobless benefits were said to have dropped by 8,100 in the week ending march 4 .

In each case there was an initial act of violence .
in each case there was an [first] act of violence .

However , an initial perusal and comparison of some of the famous passages with the same parts of other versions seems to speak well of the efforts of the British Biblical scholars .
however , an [first] perusal and comparison of some of the famous passages with the same parts of other versions seems to speak well of the efforts of the british biblical scholars .

As I see it , if war starts and we survive the initial attack enough to be able to fight back , the nuclear weapons we now have -- at least the bombs -- can inflict all the demage that is necessary .
as i see it , if war starts and we survive the [first] attack enough to be able to fight back , the nuclear weapons we now have -- at least the bombs -- can inflict all the demage that is necessary .

Sometimes they get their initial experience in church haflis , conducted by Lebanese and Syrians in the U.S. , where they dance with just as few veils across their bodies as in nightclubs .
sometimes they get their [first] experience in church haflis , conducted by lebanese and syrians in the u.s. , where they dance with just as few veils across their bodies as in nightclubs .

Today , seven years after the date of my initial induction as a draftee , I am Assistant Professor of Philosophy and Science at St. Michael's College .
today , seven years after the date of my [first] induction as a draftee , i am assistant professor of philosophy and science at st. michael's college .

The one unifying note , if any , is sounded in the initial article entitled : `` How To Get Through The Day '' .
the one unifying note , if any , is sounded in the [first] article entitled : `` how to get through the day '' .

In describing the initial Allied occupation of a middle-sized German city , the picture has color , pictorial pull and genuinely moving moments .
in describing the [first] allied occupation of a middle-sized german city , the picture has color , pictorial pull and genuinely moving moments .

The forces which survive the initial attack must be found and destroyed .
the forces which survive the [first] attack must be found and destroyed .

If a human figure or wild life are to be part of the projected final picture , I try to place them in the initial sketch .
if a human figure or wild life are to be part of the projected final picture , i try to place them in the [first] sketch .

Initial considerations
[first] considerations

Yet , in spite of this , intensive study of the taped interviews by teams of psychotherapists and linguists laid bare the surprising fact that , in the first five minutes of an initial interview , the patient often reveals as many as a dozen times just what's wrong with him ; ;
yet , in spite of this , intensive study of the taped interviews by teams of psychotherapists and linguists laid bare the surprising fact that , in the first five minutes of an [first] interview , the patient often reveals as many as a dozen times just what's wrong with him ; ;

Most orthodontists require an initial payment to cover the cost of diagnostic materials and construction of the appliances , but usually the remainder of the cost may be spread over a period of months or years .
most orthodontists require an [first] payment to cover the cost of diagnostic materials and construction of the appliances , but usually the remainder of the cost may be spread over a period of months or years .

After an initial rejection , which he attributed to a `` general Excitement against Abolition and Emancipation '' , Giffen bribed the right individuals on the jury , and got the permission without further delay .
after an [first] rejection , which he attributed to a `` general excitement against abolition and emancipation '' , giffen bribed the right individuals on the jury , and got the permission without further delay .

One of his initial acts in office was to appoint Philip Coombs of the Ford Foundation as the first Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs .
one of his [first] acts in office was to appoint philip coombs of the ford foundation as the first assistant secretary of state for educational and cultural affairs .

One of Mrs. Kennedy's initial concerns as First Lady was the sad state of the furnishings in a building which is supposed to be a national shrine .
one of mrs. kennedy's [first] concerns as first lady was the sad state of the furnishings in a building which is supposed to be a national shrine .

In a sample of new members of Pittsburgh churches , almost 60 per cent were recruited by initial `` contacts with friendly members '' .
in a sample of new members of pittsburgh churches , almost 60 per cent were recruited by [first] `` contacts with friendly members '' .

Publicity accounted for 1.1 per cent of the initial contacts with new members .
publicity accounted for 1.1 per cent of the [first] contacts with new members .

As he talked about himself , time and again stuffing and dragging on his pipe , Steinberg began to relax and the initial hurried feeling grew faint and was dispelled .
as he talked about himself , time and again stuffing and dragging on his pipe , steinberg began to relax and the [first] hurried feeling grew faint and was dispelled .

The process stipulates that the choreographer sense the quality of the initial movement he has discovered and that he feel the rightness of the quality that is to follow it .
the process stipulates that the choreographer sense the quality of the [first] movement he has discovered and that he feel the rightness of the quality that is to follow it .

Midi Garth also believes in subjective continuity that begins with the feeling engendered by an initial movement .
midi garth also believes in subjective continuity that begins with the feeling engendered by an [first] movement .

These are like the initial ways in which the world forces itself upon the self and thrusts the self into decision and choice .
these are like the [first] ways in which the world forces itself upon the self and thrusts the self into decision and choice .

From an initial investment of $1,200 in 1943 , it has grown , with no additional capital investment , to a present value estimated by some as exceeding $10,000,000 ( we don't disclose financial figures to the public ) .
from an [first] investment of $1,200 in 1943 , it has grown , with no additional capital investment , to a present value estimated by some as exceeding $10,000,000 ( we don't disclose financial figures to the public ) .

Because of its wealth of experience , the Organization for European Economic Cooperation could help with the initial studies needed .
because of its wealth of experience , the organization for european economic cooperation could help with the [first] studies needed .

Secretary of War Baker , blindfolded , put his hand into a large glass bowl and drew the initial number of those to be called .
secretary of war baker , blindfolded , put his hand into a large glass bowl and drew the [first] number of those to be called .

With facts mainly in his mind , he was often acute in the matter of style , and he said , `` The young who have as yet nothing to say will try larks with initial letters and broken lines .
with facts mainly in his mind , he was often acute in the matter of style , and he said , `` the young who have as yet nothing to say will try larks with [first] letters and broken lines .

Its initial expenses will be paid from appropriations currently available for our foreign aid program .
its [first] expenses will be paid from appropriations currently available for our foreign aid program .

In the 10-year period , it is proposed that insect and disease control on the National Forest System be stepped up to a level of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations that will substantially reduce the occurrence of large infestations toward the end of the initial period .
in the 10-year period , it is proposed that insect and disease control on the national forest system be stepped up to a level of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations that will substantially reduce the occurrence of large infestations toward the end of the [first] period .

( B ) more reliable evaluation of the potential of initial outbreaks to cause widespread damage ; ;
( b ) more reliable evaluation of the potential of [first] outbreaks to cause widespread damage ; ;

( C ) quicker and more effective control action in the initial stages to prevent a large-scale epidemic .
( c ) quicker and more effective control action in the [first] stages to prevent a large-scale epidemic .

The initial suppression activities would cover about twice the acreage currently being treated .
the [first] suppression activities would cover about twice the acreage currently being treated .

The objective is to achieve sufficient effectiveness of control on all of the area now under treatment plus the additional acres so that after the initial period only maintenance control will be needed .
the objective is to achieve sufficient effectiveness of control on all of the area now under treatment plus the additional acres so that after the [first] period only maintenance control will be needed .

This aircraft , which was planned for initial operational use about 1965 , would be complementary to but likewise competitive with the four strategic ballistic missile systems , all of which are scheduled to become available earlier .
this aircraft , which was planned for [first] operational use about 1965 , would be complementary to but likewise competitive with the four strategic ballistic missile systems , all of which are scheduled to become available earlier .

This work is progressing on schedule and we expect to make initial shipments in the fourth quarter of this year .
this work is progressing on schedule and we expect to make [first] shipments in the fourth quarter of this year .

It is interesting to note that the present level of military electronics procurement is greater than the industry's total sales to all markets in 1950-1953 , which were good years for our industry with television enjoying its initial period of rapid consumer acceptance .
it is interesting to note that the present level of military electronics procurement is greater than the industry's total sales to all markets in 1950-1953 , which were good years for our industry with television enjoying its [first] period of rapid consumer acceptance .

A satisfactory cloud was produced even though these nozzles were only about 5 per cent efficient in producing an initial cloud in the size range of 1 to 5 microns .
a satisfactory cloud was produced even though these nozzles were only about 5 per cent efficient in producing an [first] cloud in the size range of 1 to 5 microns .

Our major problem is what an enemy might accomplish in an initial attack on a target .
our major problem is what an enemy might accomplish in an [first] attack on a target .

In this case , then , the military objective was accomplished with an epidemic agent solely through the results secured in the initial attack .
in this case , then , the military objective was accomplished with an epidemic agent solely through the results secured in the [first] attack .

There seems to be a rough correlation between the initial and ultimate lengths , starting with the smallest ( boa constrictor ) and ending with the largest ( anaconda ) .
there seems to be a rough correlation between the [first] and ultimate lengths , starting with the smallest ( boa constrictor ) and ending with the largest ( anaconda ) .

Such a dual derivation was strikingly demonstrated during the injection process where initial filling would be noted to occur in several isolated pleural vessels at once .
such a dual derivation was strikingly demonstrated during the injection process where [first] filling would be noted to occur in several isolated pleural vessels at once .

No additional transfusions were necessary after the institution of prednisone in July , 1957 , in an initial dose of 40 mg. daily with gradual tapering to 10 mg. daily .
no additional transfusions were necessary after the institution of prednisone in july , 1957 , in an [first] dose of 40 mg. daily with gradual tapering to 10 mg. daily .

It has further been shown that : ( 1 ) an experimental neurosis in its initial stages is associated with a reversible shift in the central autonomic balance ; ;
it has further been shown that : ( 1 ) an experimental neurosis in its [first] stages is associated with a reversible shift in the central autonomic balance ; ;

The unhealthy use of denial in the initial reaction to a stress must be handled through the medium of a positive controlled transference .
the unhealthy use of denial in the [first] reaction to a stress must be handled through the medium of a positive controlled transference .

The initial interview must be therapeutic rather than purely exploratory in an information-seeking sense .
the [first] interview must be therapeutic rather than purely exploratory in an information-seeking sense .

While there are many different possibilities for the timing of casework intervention , the experiments recently reported from a variety of traditional settings all point up the importance of an immediate response to the client's initial need for help .
while there are many different possibilities for the timing of casework intervention , the experiments recently reported from a variety of traditional settings all point up the importance of an immediate response to the client's [first] need for help .

In some programs , treatment is concentrated over a short period of time , while in others , after the initial contact is established , flexible spacing of interviews has been experimentally used with apparent success .
in some programs , treatment is concentrated over a short period of time , while in others , after the [first] contact is established , flexible spacing of interviews has been experimentally used with apparent success .

At no time was it implied by the experimenter that the subject's initial reaction was deviant .
at no time was it implied by the experimenter that the subject's [first] reaction was deviant .

There was no implication made that their initial reaction ( absence of an arm-elevation ) was less preferred than the presence of levitation .
there was no implication made that their [first] reaction ( absence of an arm-elevation ) was less preferred than the presence of levitation .

The child with high anxiety may first direct his anxiety-released energy toward achievement , but because his distress severely reduces the abilities of discrimination and memorization of complex symbols , the child may fail in his initial attempts to master the problem .
the child with high anxiety may first direct his anxiety-released energy toward achievement , but because his distress severely reduces the abilities of discrimination and memorization of complex symbols , the child may fail in his [first] attempts to master the problem .

In their vases were embodied the basic aesthetic and logical characteristics of Greek civilization , at first hesitantly in Protogeometric work , and then more confidently in the initial stages of the Geometric style .
in their vases were embodied the basic aesthetic and logical characteristics of greek civilization , at first hesitantly in protogeometric work , and then more confidently in the [first] stages of the geometric style .

Moreover , it is too readily forgotten that in the Republic what gave the initial impetus to Plato's excursus into the construction of an imaginary commonwealth with its ruling-class communism of goods , wives , and children , was his quest for a canon for the proper ordering of the individual human psyche ; ;
moreover , it is too readily forgotten that in the republic what gave the [first] impetus to plato's excursus into the construction of an imaginary commonwealth with its ruling-class communism of goods , wives , and children , was his quest for a canon for the proper ordering of the individual human psyche ; ;

A week later the Daily Journal had discovered the initial plans of some Providence citizens to hold a meeting honoring John Brown on the day of his execution .
a week later the daily journal had discovered the [first] plans of some providence citizens to hold a meeting honoring john brown on the day of his execution .

The initial availability of index words and electronic switches is determined by a table which is included in the Compiler Systems Tape .
the [first] availability of index words and electronic switches is determined by a table which is included in the compiler systems tape .

The initial setting of this table may be altered , however , as described in the 7070/7074 Data Processing System Bulletin `` IBM 7070/7074 Compiler System : Operating Procedure '' , form Aj .
the [first] setting of this table may be altered , however , as described in the 7070/7074 data processing system bulletin `` ibm 7070/7074 compiler system : operating procedure '' , form aj .

The initial setting of the availability table indicated that the index word or electronic switch was not available for assignment .
the [first] setting of the availability table indicated that the index word or electronic switch was not available for assignment .

For the initial development an oxidation pond was constructed as shown in Figure 1 .
for the [first] development an oxidation pond was constructed as shown in figure 1 .

Radiation , therefore , is at an initial cost disadvantage even though only 1 to 10 per cent as much radiation energy as heat energy is required for radiopasteurization or radiosterilization .
radiation , therefore , is at an [first] cost disadvantage even though only 1 to 10 per cent as much radiation energy as heat energy is required for radiopasteurization or radiosterilization .

`` An optimal policy has the property that whatever the initial state and initial decision are , the remaining decisions must constitute an optimal policy with respect to the state resulting from the first decision '' .
`` an optimal policy has the property that whatever the [first] state and [first] decision are , the remaining decisions must constitute an optimal policy with respect to the state resulting from the first decision '' .

A good initial impression would be important now .
a good [first] impression would be important now .

One of the babies died in the initial transferral but of Helva's `` class '' , seventeen thrived in the metal shells .
one of the babies died in the [first] transferral but of helva's `` class '' , seventeen thrived in the metal shells .

Her initial intelligence tests registered above normal and her adaptation index was unusually high .
her [first] intelligence tests registered above normal and her adaptation index was unusually high .

`` Damn you , Adams '' -- Jess was beginning to recover from his initial shock .
`` damn you , adams '' -- jess was beginning to recover from his [first] shock .

Assessors are still trying to work out the full cost of the fire at the Spring Bank shopping centre , but initial estimates have been put at a quarter of a million pounds .
assessors are still trying to work out the full cost of the fire at the spring bank shopping centre , but [first] estimates have been put at a quarter of a million pounds .

They argue the initial expense of ploughing in will be repaid by greater yields in the future .
they argue the [first] expense of ploughing in will be repaid by greater yields in the future .

’ If Greene King does fail , they will be severely embarrassed , having started with an initial 43 % shareholding .
’ if greene king does fail , they will be severely embarrassed , having started with an [first] 43 % shareholding .

Trust members hope the initial Getty grant could open the way for more donations later .
trust members hope the [first] getty grant could open the way for more donations later .

What began as a hobby took over his life and though Joan did n't have the same initial enthusiasm , she helped him set up Woodstock Exotics in 1983 and now she becomes so fond of some of the plants she wo n't be parted from them !
what began as a hobby took over his life and though joan did n't have the same [first] enthusiasm , she helped him set up woodstock exotics in 1983 and now she becomes so fond of some of the plants she wo n't be parted from them !

Chris himself overcame his own initial difficulties remarkably rapidly .
chris himself overcame his own [first] difficulties remarkably rapidly .

Initial scans show the phenomenon is not restricted by age .
[first] scans show the phenomenon is not restricted by age .

However , to have any effect , it must be used very soon after the initial damage .
however , to have any effect , it must be used very soon after the [first] damage .

Course the initial thing is we get some reaction back from this , this
course the [first] thing is we get some reaction back from this , this

now has got a cost more in the initial
now has got a cost more in the [first]

Once the erm initial ecstasy of being home has is over . Er
once the erm [first] ecstasy of being home has is over . er

Mm , Cathy knew what they called her in the initial stage
mm , cathy knew what they called her in the [first] stage

You could just put your initial in the corner .
you could just put your [first] in the corner .

After a slow initial response in the Paisley area , yesterday 's total stood at 146 knives .
after a slow [first] response in the paisley area , yesterday 's total stood at 146 knives .

The review is not expected to be completed for three or four years but initial findings could be implemented by this autumn 's statement on spending .
the review is not expected to be completed for three or four years but [first] findings could be implemented by this autumn 's statement on spending .

She reported initial agreement on medical evacuations from the city , where some badly wounded people have lain for months without being able to get proper treatment or artificial limbs .
she reported [first] agreement on medical evacuations from the city , where some badly wounded people have lain for months without being able to get proper treatment or artificial limbs .

So that was the initial phrase if you like .
so that was the [first] phrase if you like .

The initial spreading was in the intestines and was about 3cm wide which apparently is the smallest tumour you can have .
the [first] spreading was in the intestines and was about 3cm wide which apparently is the smallest tumour you can have .

During initial exchanges , delegates agreed that at least 1 million barrels per day ( bpd ) needed to be lopped from the cartel 's total production of more than 25 million bpd to avoid an oil glut during the second quarter of the year , when demand generally slumps with the onset of warmer weather in the northern hemisphere .
during [first] exchanges , delegates agreed that at least 1 million barrels per day ( bpd ) needed to be lopped from the cartel 's total production of more than 25 million bpd to avoid an oil glut during the second quarter of the year , when demand generally slumps with the onset of warmer weather in the northern hemisphere .

The initial legal advice had come from Foreign Office lawyers .
the [first] legal advice had come from foreign office lawyers .

The initial plan was for one 24-hour stoppage , but if management did not respond this could turn into a rolling programme of one-day strikes .
the [first] plan was for one 24-hour stoppage , but if management did not respond this could turn into a rolling programme of one-day strikes .

When we respond to initial requests , we are not making promises and we are not in a position to give hints .
when we respond to [first] requests , we are not making promises and we are not in a position to give hints .

Dr Cox said that conclusions could not be drawn until repeat tests had been carried out , but he was encouraged by the initial results .
dr cox said that conclusions could not be drawn until repeat tests had been carried out , but he was encouraged by the [first] results .

The initial legal advice had come from Foreign Office lawyers but the contrary advice came from Sir Nicholas .
the [first] legal advice had come from foreign office lawyers but the contrary advice came from sir nicholas .

Mr MacDougall said the administration had shaved £4.87 million off its initial calculations in order to stay within Government capping limits .
mr macdougall said the administration had shaved £4.87 million off its [first] calculations in order to stay within government capping limits .

He was making an initial fact-finding tour .
he was making an [first] fact-finding tour .

David Deas , a spokesman for the Department of Transport , revealed that the DoT 's marine accident investigation branch had submitted an initial report to John MacGregor , the Transport Secretary .
david deas , a spokesman for the department of transport , revealed that the dot 's marine accident investigation branch had submitted an [first] report to john macgregor , the transport secretary .

This requires would-be clients to make an initial minimum deposit of $10,000 — £7,150 — pay an annual account maintenance charge of $100 , plus an additional $5 a month if the account falls below $5,000 ( which can be avoided by placing two commissionable trades a year ) .
this requires would-be clients to make an [first] minimum deposit of $10,000 — £7,150 — pay an annual account maintenance charge of $100 , plus an additional $5 a month if the account falls below $5,000 ( which can be avoided by placing two commissionable trades a year ) .

The first is the established Schwab One account , which can be opened with an initial minimum deposit of $ 5,000 and has no annual fee .
the first is the established schwab one account , which can be opened with an [first] minimum deposit of $ 5,000 and has no annual fee .

The aim of the new trust — which will have an initial ten-year life — will be long-term capital growth .
the aim of the new trust — which will have an [first] ten-year life — will be long-term capital growth .

Traders said there had been an initial bout of panic at the prospect of the meeting of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries finishing without a deal on output levels .
traders said there had been an [first] bout of panic at the prospect of the meeting of the organisation of petroleum exporting countries finishing without a deal on output levels .

There is no initial charge but there is a 0.6 per cent annual management fee .
there is no [first] charge but there is a 0.6 per cent annual management fee .

While there was scepticism about property funds , there was general initial hostility to the other new categories .
while there was scepticism about property funds , there was general [first] hostility to the other new categories .

The maximum possible offer price for the trust is equal to the creation price plus the manager 's initial charge , typically between 5 and 6 per cent .
the maximum possible offer price for the trust is equal to the creation price plus the manager 's [first] charge , typically between 5 and 6 per cent .

The current plan is for single pricing , in place of offer and bid prices , with the initial charge added on for buyers .
the current plan is for single pricing , in place of offer and bid prices , with the [first] charge added on for buyers .

Meanwhile , Murray Johnstone has taken the approach of cutting its initial charge to 1 per cent and always dealing on the full spread .
meanwhile , murray johnstone has taken the approach of cutting its [first] charge to 1 per cent and always dealing on the full spread .

Aside from fairness , a major factor in the design of charges is the commission paid to independent advisers , usually 3 per cent which is paid from the manager 's initial charge .
aside from fairness , a major factor in the design of charges is the commission paid to independent advisers , usually 3 per cent which is paid from the manager 's [first] charge .

Investors were unsure how to take Professor Littlechild 's promise to monitor electricity generators ' profits and National Power reversed initial gains to close 2p lower .
investors were unsure how to take professor littlechild 's promise to monitor electricity generators ' profits and national power reversed [first] gains to close 2p lower .

Initial reaction from William Scott , chief executive at the neighbouring Ferguson Shipbuilders in Greenock , was that the Scott Lithgow yard was on a larger scale than Ferguson would envisage using .
[first] reaction from william scott , chief executive at the neighbouring ferguson shipbuilders in greenock , was that the scott lithgow yard was on a larger scale than ferguson would envisage using .

That it is proceeding at all , despite the intense financial and media scepticism that followed last summer 's initial announcement , is a tribute to Sir Denys Henderson and his team .
that it is proceeding at all , despite the intense financial and media scepticism that followed last summer 's [first] announcement , is a tribute to sir denys henderson and his team .

Around 100 trainees come to the Rathbone Society in Darlington every year and are given initial training at its base on the Lingfield industrial estate .
around 100 trainees come to the rathbone society in darlington every year and are given [first] training at its base on the lingfield industrial estate .

The job is to be completed in two parts with the initial scaffolding already in place .
the job is to be completed in two parts with the [first] scaffolding already in place .

Council records show in the last 18 months a total of 44 businesses have stopped trading in Darlington including Miniprint , Initial Garments and Stenga Engineering .
council records show in the last 18 months a total of 44 businesses have stopped trading in darlington including miniprint , [first] garments and stenga engineering .

Atomic power stations to be built in areas of outstanding natural beauty in Britain will have an initial life of only 20 years and will then be left derelict , the president of the Ramblers Association tells members in South Durham and North Yorkshire at their annual meeting in Darlington .
atomic power stations to be built in areas of outstanding natural beauty in britain will have an [first] life of only 20 years and will then be left derelict , the president of the ramblers association tells members in south durham and north yorkshire at their annual meeting in darlington .

The new theatre is currently £700,000 over its initial £12.4 million budget and the general manager , Paul Iles , estimates the project will need a further £1 million to complete .
the new theatre is currently £700,000 over its [first] £12.4 million budget and the general manager , paul iles , estimates the project will need a further £1 million to complete .

He was flown by helicopter to the Royal London Hospital , Whitechapel , east London , where surgeons ruled out emergency surgery after initial investigations .
he was flown by helicopter to the royal london hospital , whitechapel , east london , where surgeons ruled out emergency surgery after [first] investigations .

Tests on an initial delivery of 12,000 tonnes earlier this year had proved satisfactory .
tests on an [first] delivery of 12,000 tonnes earlier this year had proved satisfactory .

The allocations issued give councils initial borrowing consent for expenditure of up to £553 million on services like roads , education , police and water and sewerage .
the allocations issued give councils [first] borrowing consent for expenditure of up to £553 million on services like roads , education , police and water and sewerage .

She said : ‘ Things have progressed so quickly since the initial idea last year that we are now seeking bookings a good bit earlier than expected . ’
she said : ‘ things have progressed so quickly since the [first] idea last year that we are now seeking bookings a good bit earlier than expected . ’

Publicist Marie Clements said : ‘ He was instrumental in the initial success of the original productions of Lloyd Webber and Rice musicals .
publicist marie clements said : ‘ he was instrumental in the [first] success of the original productions of lloyd webber and rice musicals .

‘ That gives us the initial impression that the explosion was of an accidental nature rather than a purposeful one , although there can be no doubt that the explosives were stockpiled there for killing people , ’ the officer said .
‘ that gives us the [first] impression that the explosion was of an accidental nature rather than a purposeful one , although there can be no doubt that the explosives were stockpiled there for killing people , ’ the officer said .

Nothing was found at the Alten and Bridge of Don buildings after an initial , detailed search , but the other objects were uncovered much later .
nothing was found at the alten and bridge of don buildings after an [first] , detailed search , but the other objects were uncovered much later .

Around 250 responses were received last year commenting on the group 's initial consultation paper , and 140 of them found fault .
around 250 responses were received last year commenting on the group 's [first] consultation paper , and 140 of them found fault .

This was close to Mr Yeltsin 's initial appeal that he was forced to act to protect basic principles of the constitution such as democracy and human liberties .
this was close to mr yeltsin 's [first] appeal that he was forced to act to protect basic principles of the constitution such as democracy and human liberties .

It is understood that Mr Dunn 's position became untenable when GEC-Ferranti 's initial budget for the coming year — which revealed the extent of the cost overrun — was rejected a few weeks ago by Derek Dickinson , chief executive of GEC-Marconi Avionics , the division to which GEC-Ferranti belongs .
it is understood that mr dunn 's position became untenable when gec-ferranti 's [first] budget for the coming year — which revealed the extent of the cost overrun — was rejected a few weeks ago by derek dickinson , chief executive of gec-marconi avionics , the division to which gec-ferranti belongs .

He believed that the Scottish Secretary 's estimates were probably based on the operation of the system once it had bedded down rather than looking at initial assumptions .
he believed that the scottish secretary 's estimates were probably based on the operation of the system once it had bedded down rather than looking at [first] assumptions .

The main one is that investors who wish to make regular subscriptions for a period of years will need only to complete one initial application form .
the main one is that investors who wish to make regular subscriptions for a period of years will need only to complete one [first] application form .

No-one should buy a property solely on the strength of the initial particulars .
no-one should buy a property solely on the strength of the [first] particulars .

But for the institutions , he said , the initial aim would be to introduce a ten-day , rolling settlement system which could be reduced in stages as it became practical , first to five days and then to three days .
but for the institutions , he said , the [first] aim would be to introduce a ten-day , rolling settlement system which could be reduced in stages as it became practical , first to five days and then to three days .

Mr Klein said he agreed with initial City reaction yesterday that the onus was on Owners Abroad to perform .
mr klein said he agreed with [first] city reaction yesterday that the onus was on owners abroad to perform .

The initial reaction has been that if the Chancellor is only taking out a token sum in higher tax , then the scope for further cuts in interest rates has been severely diminished , and fixed-rate gilt-edged stocks were marked sharply lower .
the [first] reaction has been that if the chancellor is only taking out a token sum in higher tax , then the scope for further cuts in interest rates has been severely diminished , and fixed-rate gilt-edged stocks were marked sharply lower .

The initial reaction had been an assumption that shares would fall on the back of the changes in Advanced Corporation Tax and tax credits on dividends which , to put it simplistically , will suck £1 billion out of Britain 's pension funds , the largest providers of equity for industry .
the [first] reaction had been an assumption that shares would fall on the back of the changes in advanced corporation tax and tax credits on dividends which , to put it simplistically , will suck £1 billion out of britain 's pension funds , the largest providers of equity for industry .

That turned out to be true , but once the initial markdown had occurred the Footsie index traded in a fairly narrow band all day , although the number of transactions and the volume of shares traded held up strongly .
that turned out to be true , but once the [first] markdown had occurred the footsie index traded in a fairly narrow band all day , although the number of transactions and the volume of shares traded held up strongly .

The advantage of such a charging structure is that the investor is rewarded with a lower initial charge .
the advantage of such a charging structure is that the investor is rewarded with a lower [first] charge .

‘ We are advising that leasing will be the best option in the first year and our initial impression is that there will be more quota available than sheep that need it , ’ said Sandy Wright of Aberdeen & Northern Marts .
‘ we are advising that leasing will be the best option in the first year and our [first] impression is that there will be more quota available than sheep that need it , ’ said sandy wright of aberdeen & northern marts .

He also justified the £90,000 initial payment made to Mr Michels : ‘ When a plc — and one widely understood to have at least some problems — needs to attract a high-flier from a perfectly secure position with another plc , a joining fee of this sort is not in the least unusual .
he also justified the £90,000 [first] payment made to mr michels : ‘ when a plc — and one widely understood to have at least some problems — needs to attract a high-flier from a perfectly secure position with another plc , a joining fee of this sort is not in the least unusual .

Catriona Rowan has carried out initial research , trials and consumer testing and is satisfied the project would be viable running a herd of ten Highland pony mares and followers .
catriona rowan has carried out [first] research , trials and consumer testing and is satisfied the project would be viable running a herd of ten highland pony mares and followers .

Preliminary experiments with control ( AnTat1.3A ) bloodstream forms , revealed that phleomycin would suppress parasitaemia , provided the initial inoculum was low ( 2.10 6 trypanosomes ) , and mice were treated daily with antibiotic .
preliminary experiments with control ( antat1.3a ) bloodstream forms , revealed that phleomycin would suppress parasitaemia , provided the [first] inoculum was low ( 2.10 6 trypanosomes ) , and mice were treated daily with antibiotic .

Ian Birtwell , coach of the Canadian team defeated by the awesome Western Samoans in the final , noted : ‘ In the initial rounds , this tournament was of a higher standard than Hong Kong .
ian birtwell , coach of the canadian team defeated by the awesome western samoans in the final , noted : ‘ in the [first] rounds , this tournament was of a higher standard than hong kong .

The emergence of three youngsters from Ibrox , Murray , Hagen and Pressley , could be looked at as an unusual bonus but that initial impression may not necessarily be the correct one .
the emergence of three youngsters from ibrox , murray , hagen and pressley , could be looked at as an unusual bonus but that [first] impression may not necessarily be the correct one .

Robertson was speaking about professional pride as opposed to wallowing in excessive sentimentality when he catalogued the reasons why there was only eager anticipation of the friendly fixture that has taken on a hostile look since injury decimated Roxburgh 's initial choice of players .
robertson was speaking about professional pride as opposed to wallowing in excessive sentimentality when he catalogued the reasons why there was only eager anticipation of the friendly fixture that has taken on a hostile look since injury decimated roxburgh 's [first] choice of players .

The initial phase of the campaign , a series of humorous magazine advertisements and short television slots , playfully overlays a football theme on to traditionally American images .
the [first] phase of the campaign , a series of humorous magazine advertisements and short television slots , playfully overlays a football theme on to traditionally american images .

One of initial 10-second ‘ teaser ’ television spots , to be shown on regional sports networks , notes that the summer of 1994 will see football played ‘ without shoulder pads , helmets or cheerleaders . ’
one of [first] 10-second ‘ teaser ’ television spots , to be shown on regional sports networks , notes that the summer of 1994 will see football played ‘ without shoulder pads , helmets or cheerleaders . ’

It takes an initial order of objects and applies random changes to the order , viz sub-order reversals and sub-order translations ( 13 ) .
it takes an [first] order of objects and applies random changes to the order , viz sub-order reversals and sub-order translations ( 13 ) .

So a stage of initial filtering of the data becomes a prerequisite .
so a stage of [first] filtering of the data becomes a prerequisite .

In so far as the goal is to extract a ‘ clean ’ data set of ordered clones and probes , but which is still large enough to minimize the number of contigs , a high initial redundancy implies that less additional effort is needed to close any remaining gaps when all available probes are used and all contiguous clones are ordered .
in so far as the goal is to extract a ‘ clean ’ data set of ordered clones and probes , but which is still large enough to minimize the number of contigs , a high [first] redundancy implies that less additional effort is needed to close any remaining gaps when all available probes are used and all contiguous clones are ordered .

‘ We were told that we could not add anything to the pedestrian provision after the initial period .
‘ we were told that we could not add anything to the pedestrian provision after the [first] period .

The job is being completed in two parts with the initial scaffolding already in place .
the job is being completed in two parts with the [first] scaffolding already in place .

Although an initial brain scan showed nothing to suggest she might have epilepsy , she demanded further tests and was finally diagnosed as having temporary lobe epilepsy a condition which plagues many schoolchildren .
although an [first] brain scan showed nothing to suggest she might have epilepsy , she demanded further tests and was finally diagnosed as having temporary lobe epilepsy a condition which plagues many schoolchildren .

‘ Others have not been getting initial appointments and have not been put on waiting lists because they are so long .
‘ others have not been getting [first] appointments and have not been put on waiting lists because they are so long .

On the strength of those assurances , the commission says it is now prepared to pay for initial design work at both schools , starting next month .
on the strength of those assurances , the commission says it is now prepared to pay for [first] design work at both schools , starting next month .

The unused viaducts — all listed buildings — are among 50 redundant structures being advertised by the British Rail Property Board , hoping to attract interest from wealthy enthusiasts or environmental groups and is offering £70,000 contribution towards initial maintenance costs .
the unused viaducts — all listed buildings — are among 50 redundant structures being advertised by the british rail property board , hoping to attract interest from wealthy enthusiasts or environmental groups and is offering £70,000 contribution towards [first] maintenance costs .

Gavin Hastings ' conversion , allied to his four earlier penalties , pitched Watsonians into a 6-19 advantage into which Selkirk could make no dents by the interval , Jeremy Brett mis-timing two penalties as he sought to build on his initial brace .
gavin hastings ' conversion , allied to his four earlier penalties , pitched watsonians into a 6-19 advantage into which selkirk could make no dents by the interval , jeremy brett mis-timing two penalties as he sought to build on his [first] brace .

Confining himself to Scotland 's priorities , the national coach expressed relief at having gained an initial win at Malta 's expense and admiration for the manner of that achievement .
confining himself to scotland 's priorities , the national coach expressed relief at having gained an [first] win at malta 's expense and admiration for the manner of that achievement .

Outpatient departments prioritise acute injuries so that waiting times for initial treatment are short .
outpatient departments prioritise acute injuries so that waiting times for [first] treatment are short .

Tom McClenaghan , the council 's director of administration , reveals in a report that owners will be charged an initial £12 for the security of knowing that their furry friends can no longer go as they please .
tom mcclenaghan , the council 's director of administration , reveals in a report that owners will be charged an [first] £12 for the security of knowing that their furry friends can no longer go as they please .

He confesses his initial involvement to Sutherland , but will not say what happened after the petrol station unless Keifer agrees to go through the same process , starting with the taking of a sleeping draught .
he confesses his [first] involvement to sutherland , but will not say what happened after the petrol station unless keifer agrees to go through the same process , starting with the taking of a sleeping draught .

He confesses his initial involvement to Sutherland , but will not say what happened after the petrol station unless Keifer agrees to go through the same process , starting with the taking of a sleeping draught .
he confesses his [first] involvement to sutherland , but will not say what happened after the petrol station unless keifer agrees to go through the same process , starting with the taking of a sleeping draught .

The national organisation , which represents the whole of the building industry , started in 1866 when it held its initial meeting in the Durham Ox public house in Brownlow Hill .
the national organisation , which represents the whole of the building industry , started in 1866 when it held its [first] meeting in the durham ox public house in brownlow hill .

Radical reform of initial teacher training will also mean all primary school student teachers must spend far more time in the classroom and less in college .
radical reform of [first] teacher training will also mean all primary school student teachers must spend far more time in the classroom and less in college .

Coun Peter Sheppard , who is representing the families , said : ‘ They are very angry that after the initial assurance of consultation they have still not heard anything .
coun peter sheppard , who is representing the families , said : ‘ they are very angry that after the [first] assurance of consultation they have still not heard anything .

He rejected an initial request for a meeting , indicating that a consultation paper would soon be released .
he rejected an [first] request for a meeting , indicating that a consultation paper would soon be released .

An initial £5,000 grant has already been paid , as well as some of the larger amount , but this has not been specified .
an [first] £5,000 grant has already been paid , as well as some of the larger amount , but this has not been specified .

Paula has never had any hesitation in making the initial approach to men .
paula has never had any hesitation in making the [first] approach to men .

Radical reform of initial teacher training will also mean all primary school student teachers must spend far more time in the classroom and less in colleges and universities .
radical reform of [first] teacher training will also mean all primary school student teachers must spend far more time in the classroom and less in colleges and universities .

However only about one in ten offered is selected for the rigorous 12 week-long initial training course .
however only about one in ten offered is selected for the rigorous 12 week-long [first] training course .

After initial support from the Department of Employment , Compact has raised funds for four years ' work from Merseyside Training and Enterprise Council , Liverpool City Council and the private sector .
after [first] support from the department of employment , compact has raised funds for four years ' work from merseyside training and enterprise council , liverpool city council and the private sector .

Some of you have asked about the changes in the current training course We have been forced to cut initial training to four terms .
some of you have asked about the changes in the current training course we have been forced to cut [first] training to four terms .

has arranged with Reigate & Banstead Council to plant a commemorative flower bed featuring our logo , in honour of our 40th Anniversary in 1992. will be happy to let you have a copy of her initial letter if you would like to suggest the idea to your local council .
has arranged with reigate & banstead council to plant a commemorative flower bed featuring our logo , in honour of our 40th anniversary in 1992. will be happy to let you have a copy of her [first] letter if you would like to suggest the idea to your local council .

This is a very valuable method of following up the initial contact and we hope you will agree that this may continue .
this is a very valuable method of following up the [first] contact and we hope you will agree that this may continue .

Limitations to the initial work of the National Council for Vocational Qualifications were due to an insufficient timescale and finance — the principles were right , and they are now scheduled to take effect in 1993 .
limitations to the [first] work of the national council for vocational qualifications were due to an insufficient timescale and finance — the principles were right , and they are now scheduled to take effect in 1993 .

The new course at Horley has an intake of 14 and the initial sessions have been very encouraging to the trainers .
the new course at horley has an intake of 14 and the [first] sessions have been very encouraging to the trainers .

The initial application for the work permit had been refused by the Home Office and an appeal was now being submitted with more detail .
the [first] application for the work permit had been refused by the home office and an appeal was now being submitted with more detail .

As a starting point , the methods of tabular reformulation discussed in the last section may form part of an initial familiarization phase .
as a starting point , the methods of tabular reformulation discussed in the last section may form part of an [first] familiarization phase .

After background reading and talks with experts ( possibly the sponsors of the study ) the initial pilot could be simply a number of lengthy unstructured interviews . If a formal questionnaire is to be involved one can test among other things :
after background reading and talks with experts ( possibly the sponsors of the study ) the [first] pilot could be simply a number of lengthy unstructured interviews . if a formal questionnaire is to be involved one can test among other things :

Introduction : outline of previous knowledge plus research team 's initial perception of problem .
introduction : outline of previous knowledge plus research team 's [first] perception of problem .

In medical studies , this is sometimes the only ethical way to proceed ; furthermore , the rarity of most abnormalities would demand a very large initial sample if the study were done by initial matching or by a cause-to-effect argument .
in medical studies , this is sometimes the only ethical way to proceed ; furthermore , the rarity of most abnormalities would demand a very large [first] sample if the study were done by [first] matching or by a cause-to-effect argument .

The effect of the initial observation is
the effect of the [first] observation is

The National Child Development Study involving all 17 000 children born in Great Britain during the first week of March , 1958 is an example ; although the initial interest centred on the effects of gestational experience on childhood development the cohort is still intermittently used in a variety of studies .
the national child development study involving all 17 000 children born in great britain during the first week of march , 1958 is an example ; although the [first] interest centred on the effects of gestational experience on childhood development the cohort is still intermittently used in a variety of studies .

Such are the weaknesses of human nature that initial enthusiasm sometimes overcomes care and prudence in a desire to get the show on the road .
such are the weaknesses of human nature that [first] enthusiasm sometimes overcomes care and prudence in a desire to get the show on the road .

There appears to have been a certain degree of retrenchment after the initial enthusiasm , with overseas securities standing at around 45 per cent of the total at the end of 1988 .
there appears to have been a certain degree of retrenchment after the [first] enthusiasm , with overseas securities standing at around 45 per cent of the total at the end of 1988 .

Table 11.1 Total Sums raised via Initial Public Offers ( £m )
table 11.1 total sums raised via [first] public offers ( £m )

Table 11.2 Initial Public Offers 1985–9
table 11.2 [first] public offers 1985–9

Table 11.3 Direct Costs of Initial Public Offers ( £m )
table 11.3 direct costs of [first] public offers ( £m )

In the late sixties the initial effect of overaccumulation was a period of feverish growth , with rapidly rising wages and prices and an enthusiasm for get-rich-quick schemes .
in the late sixties the [first] effect of overaccumulation was a period of feverish growth , with rapidly rising wages and prices and an enthusiasm for get-rich-quick schemes .

Charlie decided that , following this initial success , he should extend his delivery service to other customers in the East End .
charlie decided that , following this [first] success , he should extend his delivery service to other customers in the east end .

alright , and the difference between that is er and then the degree of service that they get , erm you can say you 'll get it in the post two days in , in two days , or you can say erm , we 'll get a giro cheque written out for you , initial it to you at the counter
alright , and the difference between that is er and then the degree of service that they get , erm you can say you 'll get it in the post two days in , in two days , or you can say erm , we 'll get a giro cheque written out for you , [first] it to you at the counter

Initial estimates suggest that effective security systems would cost £67,000 to install at Forefield and £110,000 at Manor High .
[first] estimates suggest that effective security systems would cost £67,000 to install at forefield and £110,000 at manor high .

During every song fans jumped up and dived back into the crowd much to her initial annoyance and then amusement .
during every song fans jumped up and dived back into the crowd much to her [first] annoyance and then amusement .

After signing copies at the official launch on Saturday , Bob , who lives on the edge of Hartburn , said : ‘ The initial print-run was 1,000 and more than 500 have been sold already . ’
after signing copies at the official launch on saturday , bob , who lives on the edge of hartburn , said : ‘ the [first] print-run was 1,000 and more than 500 have been sold already . ’

Initial sound pressure monitoring would first have to be carried out to assess the ‘ noise climate ’ along the route , said Michael Kennedy , principal environmental health officer .
[first] sound pressure monitoring would first have to be carried out to assess the ‘ noise climate ’ along the route , said michael kennedy , principal environmental health officer .

There is no account of the knock on effect initial changes will have , ’ she said .
there is no account of the knock on effect [first] changes will have , ’ she said .

‘ The initial screening is nearly completed and we now only have a small number of children left to trace .
‘ the [first] screening is nearly completed and we now only have a small number of children left to trace .

After initial doubts about whether he would accept selection to run for Britain in the European Cup in Rome in two weeks ' time , Robb said he would now ‘ probably go if they asked me . ’
after [first] doubts about whether he would accept selection to run for britain in the european cup in rome in two weeks ' time , robb said he would now ‘ probably go if they asked me . ’

Sterling improved strongly and the market sensed an imminent cut in interest rates which added support to the initial market euphoria .
sterling improved strongly and the market sensed an imminent cut in interest rates which added support to the [first] market euphoria .

But after the initial training is complete , there is a question mark over whether they could still receive benefits while building the homes .
but after the [first] training is complete , there is a question mark over whether they could still receive benefits while building the homes .

But on Wednesday and Thursday it caused queues of its own when 100 people attended the JobCentre to be interviewed for the initial eight jobs .
but on wednesday and thursday it caused queues of its own when 100 people attended the jobcentre to be interviewed for the [first] eight jobs .

He has been promised an initial six-match run .
he has been promised an [first] six-match run .

Bomb squad detectives were called when initial reports suggested animal rights campaigners were responsible .
bomb squad detectives were called when [first] reports suggested animal rights campaigners were responsible .

At the next attempt , Odom excluded and when Cheshire had to take on the two Newcastle riders on his own , the result was just the same as in the initial race .
at the next attempt , odom excluded and when cheshire had to take on the two newcastle riders on his own , the result was just the same as in the [first] race .

And if , as seems extremely likely , Middlesbrough make it into next season 's premier league , an initial payment of at least £2m from television rights could be expected .
and if , as seems extremely likely , middlesbrough make it into next season 's premier league , an [first] payment of at least £2m from television rights could be expected .

Clubs will receive an initial payment of £850,000 , plus £450,000 in sponsorship .
clubs will receive an [first] payment of £850,000 , plus £450,000 in sponsorship .

The pair have already had initial talks over a new contract .
the pair have already had [first] talks over a new contract .

It seems clear , however that the initial cancellation only added a short time to the eventual arrival of the ambulance .
it seems clear , however that the [first] cancellation only added a short time to the eventual arrival of the ambulance .

The initial row started when managers wanted to change the technicians ' working conditions .
the [first] row started when managers wanted to change the technicians ' working conditions .

The current production is a triumph on every level , and after witnessing both the dress rehearsal and the initial performance , niggling criticisms are far overshadowed by the immensity of the achievement .
the current production is a triumph on every level , and after witnessing both the dress rehearsal and the [first] performance , niggling criticisms are far overshadowed by the immensity of the achievement .

The robber at Bath Road had grabbed £45,000 after shooting the two guards and made his initial getaway on a moped , found , say the prosecution , at the point at which he 'd switched to a getaway car driven by the second man .
the robber at bath road had grabbed £45,000 after shooting the two guards and made his [first] getaway on a moped , found , say the prosecution , at the point at which he 'd switched to a getaway car driven by the second man .

In a year when there has been considerable fund-raising to meet the Irish Ladies Hockey Union 's initial £m target , to help stage the World Cup finals in Dublin in July , Ulster officials are delighted to have successfully negotiated a year 's extension on Renault 's sponsorship of their senior leagues .
in a year when there has been considerable fund-raising to meet the irish ladies hockey union 's [first] £m target , to help stage the world cup finals in dublin in july , ulster officials are delighted to have successfully negotiated a year 's extension on renault 's sponsorship of their senior leagues .

An initial hearing could take place next week .
an [first] hearing could take place next week .

Initial suspicion and mistrust turn to friendship as events draw the group together .
[first] suspicion and mistrust turn to friendship as events draw the group together .

John Hampden 's Regiment of Foot guarded the inaugural meeting of the Hampden Society and made sure everyone paid their initial £5 subscription .
john hampden 's regiment of foot guarded the inaugural meeting of the hampden society and made sure everyone paid their [first] £5 subscription .

There was a small hole about one-and-a-half millimetres wide in the packet , through which the initial infestation could have arisen .
there was a small hole about one-and-a-half millimetres wide in the packet , through which the [first] infestation could have arisen .

‘ Initial work has focused on infrastructure improvements to track and bridges , but we are already drawing up detailed specifications for the locomotives and coaching stock , which will be introduced on this flagship service in the next few years , ’ he said .
‘ [first] work has focused on infrastructure improvements to track and bridges , but we are already drawing up detailed specifications for the locomotives and coaching stock , which will be introduced on this flagship service in the next few years , ’ he said .

Roy Coyle , who watched two of his first team squad sustain fractured legs over a five-day period last week , made a bold move into the transfer market on Thursday and signed former Sunderland midfielder , Paul Lemon for an initial period of a month .
roy coyle , who watched two of his first team squad sustain fractured legs over a five-day period last week , made a bold move into the transfer market on thursday and signed former sunderland midfielder , paul lemon for an [first] period of a month .

But , within 60 seconds , the visitors opened the scoring when former International , Niall Sturrock , beat Larmour at the second attempt with a well placed lob after a poor clearance by Nicky Blease had produced the initial chance .
but , within 60 seconds , the visitors opened the scoring when former international , niall sturrock , beat larmour at the second attempt with a well placed lob after a poor clearance by nicky blease had produced the [first] chance .

Initial indications show that already over 1 , people are planning to take advantage of the week , which more than firms and businesses are supporting .
[first] indications show that already over 1 , people are planning to take advantage of the week , which more than firms and businesses are supporting .

Of course the initial treatment was five years ago , and they 've grown up since then .
of course the [first] treatment was five years ago , and they 've grown up since then .

That number regrettably is shrinking because the cutback in teacher training , but up to now there is a very considerable interchange between the University and the Polytechnic and the colleges , at the level of initial teacher training , as well as cooperation in in-service work .
that number regrettably is shrinking because the cutback in teacher training , but up to now there is a very considerable interchange between the university and the polytechnic and the colleges , at the level of [first] teacher training , as well as cooperation in in-service work .

If we sort of reverse things in our minds eye , and look backwards into the past history of the universe , we can come to a time where apparently all the material in the universe would have been on top of itself , that it would all have been squeezed into a point , and this moment sometimes people call the big bang , or the initial singularity .
if we sort of reverse things in our minds eye , and look backwards into the past history of the universe , we can come to a time where apparently all the material in the universe would have been on top of itself , that it would all have been squeezed into a point , and this moment sometimes people call the big bang , or the [first] singularity .

Morrells Brewery says it 's planning to offer managers at its pubs extra cash to cover the tax which is due to be introduced in just over a fortnight 's time , but the Oxford-based firm says it 'll only pay the equivalent of the initial government estimates for the charge , which in most cases falls well below the actual figure .
morrells brewery says it 's planning to offer managers at its pubs extra cash to cover the tax which is due to be introduced in just over a fortnight 's time , but the oxford-based firm says it 'll only pay the equivalent of the [first] government estimates for the charge , which in most cases falls well below the actual figure .

The initial results of an independent study on Oxford and it 's traffic problems have been put on show in the City today .
the [first] results of an independent study on oxford and it 's traffic problems have been put on show in the city today .

And they 're the sort of people who are anyway having great difficulty finding er the extra to support their er own workers with their initial Poll Tax payments anyway .
and they 're the sort of people who are anyway having great difficulty finding er the extra to support their er own workers with their [first] poll tax payments anyway .

Certainly it 's , it 's , it 's tricky for them , obviously we do n't know how long this strikes going to continue , and people in the area are facing er some initial food shortages , and basic commodities which would normally be moved by road , and indeed even as far as Bilbao this morning , there are a shortage of reported , of a , of basic necessities like milk and bread .
certainly it 's , it 's , it 's tricky for them , obviously we do n't know how long this strikes going to continue , and people in the area are facing er some [first] food shortages , and basic commodities which would normally be moved by road , and indeed even as far as bilbao this morning , there are a shortage of reported , of a , of basic necessities like milk and bread .

They do n't have to make those initial decisions of how to plan their time and their work .
they do n't have to make those [first] decisions of how to plan their time and their work .

The most common reasons were : the return of the call-slip for verification ; the initial provision of the wrong book ; and the need to transfer the requested item from the reserve shelf of a previous ( undergraduate ) reader .
the most common reasons were : the return of the call-slip for verification ; the [first] provision of the wrong book ; and the need to transfer the requested item from the reserve shelf of a previous ( undergraduate ) reader .

( c ) a delivery after initial failure , in which case either the wrong book is first sent , or delivery is made only after the call-slip has been returned for checking to the Issue Hall and has then been re-submitted , and
( c ) a delivery after [first] failure , in which case either the wrong book is first sent , or delivery is made only after the call-slip has been returned for checking to the issue hall and has then been re-submitted , and

Further investigations were carried out to determine whether or not the proportion of straightforward deliveries varied with the location of the items requested , to examine the proportion of deliveries from each location which were placed on reserve for readers , and to record the relative numbers of non-straightforward deliveries from each location which were attributable either to ‘ initial failure ’ or to the need to transfer items from another reader .
further investigations were carried out to determine whether or not the proportion of straightforward deliveries varied with the location of the items requested , to examine the proportion of deliveries from each location which were placed on reserve for readers , and to record the relative numbers of non-straightforward deliveries from each location which were attributable either to ‘ [first] failure ’ or to the need to transfer items from another reader .

The reasons for initial failure were also examined .
the reasons for [first] failure were also examined .

1.3.4 Non-straightforward deliveries : initial failures
1.3.4 non-straightforward deliveries : [first] failures

Although , as shown in Figures 4–6 , above , the proportion of ‘ initial failures ’ was relatively small , with none recorded in the case of material issued from the Advocates ' Library , and with only 4 % and 3 % of all deliveries from the Main Building and the Annexe falling into this category , they nevertheless merit close attention , since delays in the provision of items which are in fact available on the shelves can be a considerable source of irritation for both readers and members of staff .
although , as shown in figures 4–6 , above , the proportion of ‘ [first] failures ’ was relatively small , with none recorded in the case of material issued from the advocates ' library , and with only 4 % and 3 % of all deliveries from the main building and the annexe falling into this category , they nevertheless merit close attention , since delays in the provision of items which are in fact available on the shelves can be a considerable source of irritation for both readers and members of staff .

As Table 2 , above , shows , the failure of readers to provide adequate pressmark information ( 72 cases ) and adequate title information ( 12 cases ) together accounted for over half ( 54 % ) of all initial failures .
as table 2 , above , shows , the failure of readers to provide adequate pressmark information ( 72 cases ) and adequate title information ( 12 cases ) together accounted for over half ( 54 % ) of all [first] failures .

It should be noted , however , that because of the extended turn-around period for outhoused items , ‘ initial failure ’ involving such material — that is , cases where the wrong book is initially sent , or where the call-slip is returned to the Main Building for checking — are particularly serious , causing a minimum delay ( over the normal delivery time ) of two hours .
it should be noted , however , that because of the extended turn-around period for outhoused items , ‘ [first] failure ’ involving such material — that is , cases where the wrong book is initially sent , or where the call-slip is returned to the main building for checking — are particularly serious , causing a minimum delay ( over the normal delivery time ) of two hours .

Another point to remember is that when weak-form words whose spelling begins with ‘ h ’ ( e.g. ‘ her ’ , ‘ have ’ ) occur at the beginning of a sentence , the pronunciation is with initial h , even though this is usually omitted in other contexts .
another point to remember is that when weak-form words whose spelling begins with ‘ h ’ ( e.g. ‘ her ’ , ‘ have ’ ) occur at the beginning of a sentence , the pronunciation is with [first] h , even though this is usually omitted in other contexts .

Initial , would have to be interpreted as initial , plus post-initial , , with the result that the post-initial set of consonants would have to contain , , , and also , — consonants which are rather different from the other four and which could only combine with , .
[first] , would have to be interpreted as [first] , plus post-initial , , with the result that the post-initial set of consonants would have to contain , , , and also , — consonants which are rather different from the other four and which could only combine with , .

In words like ‘ potato ’ , ‘ tomato ’ , ‘ canary ’ , ‘ perhaps ’ , ‘ today ’ , the vowel in the first syllable may disappear ; the aspiration of the initial plosive takes up the whole of the middle portion of the syllable , resulting in these pronunciations ( where indicates aspiration ) : ; ; ; ;
in words like ‘ potato ’ , ‘ tomato ’ , ‘ canary ’ , ‘ perhaps ’ , ‘ today ’ , the vowel in the first syllable may disappear ; the aspiration of the [first] plosive takes up the whole of the middle portion of the syllable , resulting in these pronunciations ( where indicates aspiration ) : ; ; ; ;

The answer is that in the one case the is aspirated ( initial in ‘ turn ’ ) , and in the other case it is not ( being final in ‘ might ’ ) .
the answer is that in the one case the is aspirated ( [first] in ‘ turn ’ ) , and in the other case it is not ( being final in ‘ might ’ ) .

‘ might rain' ( voiced when initial in ‘ rain ’ , short )
‘ might rain' ( voiced when [first] in ‘ rain ’ , short )

‘ all the time after today ’ ( aspirated when initial in ‘ time ’ )
‘ all the time after today ’ ( aspirated when [first] in ‘ time ’ )

‘ he lies ’ ( ‘ clear ’ initial in ‘ lies ’ )
‘ he lies ’ ( ‘ clear ’ [first] in ‘ lies ’ )

In the following examples , each tone-unit consists of an initial tonic syllable and a tail : look at it what did you say both of them were here
in the following examples , each tone-unit consists of an [first] tonic syllable and a tail : look at it what did you say both of them were here

Readers unfamiliar with the study of discourse may find some initial difficulty in understanding some of the principles involved ; the best way to begin is to read Coulthard ( 1977 ) , paying particular attention to the chapter on intonation , then go on to study Brazil et al .
readers unfamiliar with the study of discourse may find some [first] difficulty in understanding some of the principles involved ; the best way to begin is to read coulthard ( 1977 ) , paying particular attention to the chapter on intonation , then go on to study brazil et al .

They fought tooth and nail through an initial series of leagues and finished in seven knockout matches .
they fought tooth and nail through an [first] series of leagues and finished in seven knockout matches .

Although initial studies focused on three area , all of them parallel to the existing runway , consideration is now being given to a non-parallel alignment .
although [first] studies focused on three area , all of them parallel to the existing runway , consideration is now being given to a non-parallel alignment .

The initial poll , which resulted in a 713-711 vote in favour of a split from local authority control , was ruled ‘ unsafe ’ by Mr Patten .
the [first] poll , which resulted in a 713-711 vote in favour of a split from local authority control , was ruled ‘ unsafe ’ by mr patten .

The firm will take on about 1,000 current cases from the council 's in-house legal department , and expects to increase its workload by an additional 1,000 new cases annually during the initial 3-year contract .
the firm will take on about 1,000 current cases from the council 's in-house legal department , and expects to increase its workload by an additional 1,000 new cases annually during the [first] 3-year contract .

‘ After her initial difficulties she has made a very satisfactory recovery .
‘ after her [first] difficulties she has made a very satisfactory recovery .

Initial prices range from around £121,750 to £162,500 .
[first] prices range from around £121,750 to £162,500 .

Grants can also be available to help with the cost of driving lessons and initial deposits .
grants can also be available to help with the cost of driving lessons and [first] deposits .

Once an ambulance crew has given initial aid to a seriously injured patient , a paramedic will consult a specialist at Stoke to see if the person should be taken there .
once an ambulance crew has given [first] aid to a seriously injured patient , a paramedic will consult a specialist at stoke to see if the person should be taken there .

Initial action , which will begin in 30 days unless the dispute is resolved , will be taken on rape oil , wheat gluten and white wine .
[first] action , which will begin in 30 days unless the dispute is resolved , will be taken on rape oil , wheat gluten and white wine .

For all its terrifying initial impetus , by the end of February the attack had bogged down , and to a large extent of its own accord .
for all its terrifying [first] impetus , by the end of february the attack had bogged down , and to a large extent of its own accord .

In their initial — and nearly successful — attempt on the Mort Homme the Germans had sought to outflank it from the northeast , and now they tried a similar movement on Côte 304 from the west .
in their [first] — and nearly successful — attempt on the mort homme the germans had sought to outflank it from the northeast , and now they tried a similar movement on côte 304 from the west .

In the initial fervour of war , the Opera and the theatres had closed their doors , but both had opened again shortly before the Germans attacked at Verdun .
in the [first] fervour of war , the opera and the theatres had closed their doors , but both had opened again shortly before the germans attacked at verdun .

The second German mistake in the air over Verdun , and by far the most disastrous of the two , was their failure to utilise initial superiority to cut the French supply routes to Verdun .
the second german mistake in the air over verdun , and by far the most disastrous of the two , was their failure to utilise [first] superiority to cut the french supply routes to verdun .

This rise in consumption will create a further increase in income in the next period of £1.2 million over and above the initial increase and this in turn will bring forth more consumption spending .
this rise in consumption will create a further increase in income in the next period of £1.2 million over and above the [first] increase and this in turn will bring forth more consumption spending .

The total increase in national income ( ) will clearly be much bigger than the initial increase in investment spending .
the total increase in national income ( ) will clearly be much bigger than the [first] increase in investment spending .

To take an extreme example , if all the additional income received were withdrawn from the circular flow of income , the multiplier would be equal to l and the final rise in income would be just equal to the initial rise in spending and no more .
to take an extreme example , if all the additional income received were withdrawn from the circular flow of income , the multiplier would be equal to l and the final rise in income would be just equal to the [first] rise in spending and no more .

Table 4 shows the bank 's initial position ; it has total deposits amounting to £10,000 and is just maintaining its 10 per cent cash ratio by holding in its tills £1,000 in cash .
table 4 shows the bank 's [first] position ; it has total deposits amounting to £10,000 and is just maintaining its 10 per cent cash ratio by holding in its tills £1,000 in cash .

The bank 's initial balance sheet .
the bank 's [first] balance sheet .

Assuming an initial equilibrium in the money market , describe the effects of an increase in the money supply : ( a ) in the context of a Keynesian model ; ( b ) in the context of the ‘ modern quantity theory ’ .
assuming an [first] equilibrium in the money market , describe the effects of an increase in the money supply : ( a ) in the context of a keynesian model ; ( b ) in the context of the ‘ modern quantity theory ’ .

The upper graph shows the economy 's initial general equilibrium position in the real and monetary sectors .
the upper graph shows the economy 's [first] general equilibrium position in the real and monetary sectors .

Once income has begun to fall and businessmen 's expectations become pessimistic , persistent unemployment may be created , far worse than the initial disturbance might have suggested .
once income has begun to fall and businessmen 's expectations become pessimistic , persistent unemployment may be created , far worse than the [first] disturbance might have suggested .

Opportunities to achieve better or more cost-effective removal of contaminants from the aqueous waste due to the higher initial concentrations .
opportunities to achieve better or more cost-effective removal of contaminants from the aqueous waste due to the higher [first] concentrations .

‘ So this will the major emphasis of the initial changes .
‘ so this will the major emphasis of the [first] changes .

In the former case and assuming that is zero when With regard to the Laplace transform of an integral function and assuming that when the required transform is Note that is to be interpreted as the initial value of the integral quantity .
in the former case and assuming that is zero when with regard to the laplace transform of an integral function and assuming that when the required transform is note that is to be interpreted as the [first] value of the integral quantity .

Based on initial assessment of application , finalists will be chosen and specially trained teams of assessors will pay on-site visits to them during the summer .
based on [first] assessment of application , finalists will be chosen and specially trained teams of assessors will pay on-site visits to them during the summer .

The DoH has taken six months to revise the guidelines because of the initial controversy over the draft , followed by the publicity surrounding juvenile crime and new plans from the Home Office to set up ‘ secure training units ’ for 12- to 15-year old offenders .
the doh has taken six months to revise the guidelines because of the [first] controversy over the draft , followed by the publicity surrounding juvenile crime and new plans from the home office to set up ‘ secure training units ’ for 12- to 15-year old offenders .

In a few months Michael Portillo is likely to announce initial plans to distinguish ‘ essential costs ’ and ‘ avoidable spending ’ in four departments — Health , Education , the Home Office , and Social Security — which account for £110 billion of public spending .
in a few months michael portillo is likely to announce [first] plans to distinguish ‘ essential costs ’ and ‘ avoidable spending ’ in four departments — health , education , the home office , and social security — which account for £110 billion of public spending .

It is therefore part of the mix of benefits a company offers its customers , although it differs in essence since the initial objective is to minimise its necessity .
it is therefore part of the mix of benefits a company offers its customers , although it differs in essence since the [first] objective is to minimise its necessity .

Initial impressions can cloud later perceptions , and so it is important to consider the ways in which a favourable initial response can be achieved .
[first] impressions can cloud later perceptions , and so it is important to consider the ways in which a favourable [first] response can be achieved .

The initial cost is a little higher .
the [first] cost is a little higher .

Initial contacts with potential customers with a view to a follow-up sales call . Such contacts can be obtained from trade directories , visitors to an exhibition stand , members of a particular group ( e.g. professional body or attendees at a conference ) ;
[first] contacts with potential customers with a view to a follow-up sales call . such contacts can be obtained from trade directories , visitors to an exhibition stand , members of a particular group ( e.g. professional body or attendees at a conference ) ;

The initial objective of the treaty was to remove within 12 years ( i.e .
the [first] objective of the treaty was to remove within 12 years ( i.e .

It is used to establish and signal that one has identified initial relationships .
it is used to establish and signal that one has identified [first] relationships .

While the details of negotiations may be left to a representative in Japan , the managing director of the foreign firm ( or some other high official in the company ) should establish an initial contact with his equal in the Japanese firm .
while the details of negotiations may be left to a representative in japan , the managing director of the foreign firm ( or some other high official in the company ) should establish an [first] contact with his equal in the japanese firm .

How might your various strategies change and what further considerations would need to be made if , after initial success in the United States market , the Middle East and Japan offered good export opportunities ?
how might your various strategies change and what further considerations would need to be made if , after [first] success in the united states market , the middle east and japan offered good export opportunities ?

This initial mobilisation was carried out at the beginning of March with all staff receiving company induction , full food hygiene training and safety induction and familiarisation on board the two installations .
this [first] mobilisation was carried out at the beginning of march with all staff receiving company induction , full food hygiene training and safety induction and familiarisation on board the two installations .

At a recent meeting Jim Naden of Scottish Enterprise , who had assisted with the initial Quality Survey , said he was delighted with the progress that had been made and the enthusiasm that was clearly evident .
at a recent meeting jim naden of scottish enterprise , who had assisted with the [first] quality survey , said he was delighted with the progress that had been made and the enthusiasm that was clearly evident .

Oh initial training will be on the twelfth of December .
oh [first] training will be on the twelfth of december .

These are powerful controls , and Hartke recommend using them first in order to set up the initial sound .
these are powerful controls , and hartke recommend using them first in order to set up the [first] sound .

‘ The initial one is to the left , avoiding the whims and cluster of seven bunkers on the right , ’ advised the player 's guide he had bought for 25p , ‘ after which shots should be aimed directly at the flagstick .
‘ the [first] one is to the left , avoiding the whims and cluster of seven bunkers on the right , ’ advised the player 's guide he had bought for 25p , ‘ after which shots should be aimed directly at the flagstick .

The initial transition from amateur to professional golf so shocked second-year professional Darren Clarke , who won the 1990 Irish Amateur before turning pro , that he completely revamped his swing as well as changing his attitude to the game .
the [first] transition from amateur to professional golf so shocked second-year professional darren clarke , who won the 1990 irish amateur before turning pro , that he completely revamped his swing as well as changing his attitude to the game .

It 's stating the obvious to say that Brian May could probably open doors to any country he wanted to play in . So why was South America the choice for his initial gigs ?
it 's stating the obvious to say that brian may could probably open doors to any country he wanted to play in . so why was south america the choice for his [first] gigs ?

The frets here seem as soft as those on the Villain , and this would appear to be an area which the company will have to address , as it does them a disservice ; do they know how long poor quality bass frets last ? The oblong block markers are n't centrally positioned either ; perhaps they 're meant to be offset as well … The neck is bowed out of shape already , which , in truth , could happen to any bass , but it 's not to be expected from an instrument with virtually zero miles on the clock , and these initial impressions are important to anyone considering an investment .
the frets here seem as soft as those on the villain , and this would appear to be an area which the company will have to address , as it does them a disservice ; do they know how long poor quality bass frets last ? the oblong block markers are n't centrally positioned either ; perhaps they 're meant to be offset as well … the neck is bowed out of shape already , which , in truth , could happen to any bass , but it 's not to be expected from an instrument with virtually zero miles on the clock , and these [first] impressions are important to anyone considering an investment .

If the tank is well-established , however , they will normally find enough microorganisms to keep them going during this initial period .
if the tank is well-established , however , they will normally find enough microorganisms to keep them going during this [first] period .

For example , a 60 gallon tank ( 270 litres ) will hold an initial stock of 10 inches ( 25cm ) of fish .
for example , a 60 gallon tank ( 270 litres ) will hold an [first] stock of 10 inches ( 25cm ) of fish .

My initial impression , on seeing this guitar for the first time , was that Rockwood have tried very hard to steer away from total Strat clone , whilst keeping all the essential ingredients pretty much to the fore .
my [first] impression , on seeing this guitar for the first time , was that rockwood have tried very hard to steer away from total strat clone , whilst keeping all the essential ingredients pretty much to the fore .

Your initial design brief might also allow for the fact that many plastic boxes ( for example ) incorporate mounting bushes in their bases so that the p.c.b .
your [first] design brief might also allow for the fact that many plastic boxes ( for example ) incorporate mounting bushes in their bases so that the p.c.b .

In the succeeding Mesozoic era there was an initial radiation of the reptile class at the start of the first period , the Triassic , with a few more radiations in the following Jurassic .
in the succeeding mesozoic era there was an [first] radiation of the reptile class at the start of the first period , the triassic , with a few more radiations in the following jurassic .

Two misunderstandings at least were caused by the initial use of ‘ passive resistance ’ to describe the principle f non-violent action , and both arose from the way in which the phrase was associated with the actions of the suffragettes .
two misunderstandings at least were caused by the [first] use of ‘ passive resistance ’ to describe the principle f non-violent action , and both arose from the way in which the phrase was associated with the actions of the suffragettes .

Ben and Mrs Robinson arrange an assignation a few days later at the swanky Taft Hotel , where , after initial naivety and clumsiness almost make the occasion a farcical disaster , they end up satisfactorily in bed with one another .
ben and mrs robinson arrange an assignation a few days later at the swanky taft hotel , where , after [first] naivety and clumsiness almost make the occasion a farcical disaster , they end up satisfactorily in bed with one another .

Another initial area of disagreement was over the casting of Susan George as his wife Amy .
another [first] area of disagreement was over the casting of susan george as his wife amy .

But the gregarious and curious Dustin , after an initial awkwardness , forced himself to fit into the ambience .
but the gregarious and curious dustin , after an [first] awkwardness , forced himself to fit into the ambience .

After the initial shock , Tamar 's reaction was one of elation .
after the [first] shock , tamar 's reaction was one of elation .

Whatever might have been the prosaic reason for his initial posting to Masai District , an officer who stayed long enough and had a sufficiently striking personality could expect to become locally famous not only for his love of the Masai but also for the love they bore for him .
whatever might have been the prosaic reason for his [first] posting to masai district , an officer who stayed long enough and had a sufficiently striking personality could expect to become locally famous not only for his love of the masai but also for the love they bore for him .

In expanding their empire , the British had habitually sought out local agents through whom to impose their authority , and though these arrangements often broke down after the initial period of contact , sometimes they did not .
in expanding their empire , the british had habitually sought out local agents through whom to impose their authority , and though these arrangements often broke down after the [first] period of contact , sometimes they did not .

Council leaflets explaining their lesbian and gay education policies appeared months after the initial uproar , by which time opinions were more firmly set .
council leaflets explaining their lesbian and gay education policies appeared months after the [first] uproar , by which time opinions were more firmly set .

The Labour Party 's initial official support for what became Section 28 of the 1988 Local Government Act , provoked fury and left a permanent residue of bitterness amongst lesbians and gay men .
the labour party 's [first] official support for what became section 28 of the 1988 local government act , provoked fury and left a permanent residue of bitterness amongst lesbians and gay men .

The seeds of Dr Cunningham 's initial , somewhat grovelling support for Section 28 , can be found in the early trade unions ' , and then the Labour Party leadership 's , approach to family policy and women 's rights .
the seeds of dr cunningham 's [first] , somewhat grovelling support for section 28 , can be found in the early trade unions ' , and then the labour party leadership 's , approach to family policy and women 's rights .

Although his initial interest had been aroused because of the connection between current problems and events which may have taken place in a former life , he became so enthralled by the topic that he took it up for its own sake .
although his [first] interest had been aroused because of the connection between current problems and events which may have taken place in a former life , he became so enthralled by the topic that he took it up for its own sake .

If regression can find the reason for the initial onset of the phobia — that first , frightening occasion — it may not be sufficient to put an end to it but it certainly stops the sufferer feeling that he is simply being ‘ weak ’ and ‘ foolish ’ or ( as one of my patients put it ) that he is ‘ going out of his mind ’ .
if regression can find the reason for the [first] onset of the phobia — that first , frightening occasion — it may not be sufficient to put an end to it but it certainly stops the sufferer feeling that he is simply being ‘ weak ’ and ‘ foolish ’ or ( as one of my patients put it ) that he is ‘ going out of his mind ’ .

But , as a general guideline , the initial consultation ( the one which includes the regression itself ) will probably take about one hour .
but , as a general guideline , the [first] consultation ( the one which includes the regression itself ) will probably take about one hour .

Initial fears and doubts
[first] fears and doubts

Although this regression had given Sylvia insight into the initial cause of her claustrophobia , it was not sufficient in itself to put an end to the problem .
although this regression had given sylvia insight into the [first] cause of her claustrophobia , it was not sufficient in itself to put an end to the problem .

And the initial events do not have to have occurred way back in our childhood — last year will do .
and the [first] events do not have to have occurred way back in our childhood — last year will do .

They are similar , but the initial mouth opening is larger in the first group than in the second .
they are similar , but the [first] mouth opening is larger in the first group than in the second .

It bears repeating that the most common causes of these fluctuations are overfeeding , over-stocking , too heavy initial stocking or rapid increases in stocking levels .
it bears repeating that the most common causes of these fluctuations are overfeeding , over-stocking , too heavy [first] stocking or rapid increases in stocking levels .

But , although initial costs seem higher , in the long run dishwashing is the cheaper option .
but , although [first] costs seem higher , in the long run dishwashing is the cheaper option .

Once this level is set , any change in the output voltage , rise or fall , due to a variation in the load current , for instance , is sensed by the error detector which then causes the error amplifier input to deviate from the reference level , and the resulting output adjusts the series control element resistance in such a direction as to compensate for the initial change .
once this level is set , any change in the output voltage , rise or fall , due to a variation in the load current , for instance , is sensed by the error detector which then causes the error amplifier input to deviate from the reference level , and the resulting output adjusts the series control element resistance in such a direction as to compensate for the [first] change .

This system may require some initial experimentation to familiarise oneself with exposure times , chemical strengths etc .
this system may require some [first] experimentation to familiarise oneself with exposure times , chemical strengths etc .

The initial step involves the preparation of the master artwork .
the [first] step involves the preparation of the master artwork .

The use of aerosol etch-resist undoubtedly requires some initial trial and error .
the use of aerosol etch-resist undoubtedly requires some [first] trial and error .

After these initial experiments have been explored , performance may be improved and the range greatly extended by channelling the light from the l.e.d through the optical fibre .
after these [first] experiments have been explored , performance may be improved and the range greatly extended by channelling the light from the l.e.d through the optical fibre .

But with Bob 's vinyl guitar work concealing so many intricacies beneath its initial , power-chordal attack , must n't it be difficult for one man to recreate on stage ?
but with bob 's vinyl guitar work concealing so many intricacies beneath its [first] , power-chordal attack , must n't it be difficult for one man to recreate on stage ?

Bob 's respect for Richard Thompson might come as an initial surprise but , given some thought , it begins to make sense .
bob 's respect for richard thompson might come as an [first] surprise but , given some thought , it begins to make sense .

Being in the habit of eating a generous quantity of food — the more you have been eating the greater the initial weight loss impact when you switch to a slimming diet .
being in the habit of eating a generous quantity of food — the more you have been eating the greater the [first] weight loss impact when you switch to a slimming diet .

Oddly enough , the initial cause of varicose veins is not fully understood , but there are some eminent medical researchers , like Dr Denis Burkitt , who believe that the major cause of varicose veins is increased abdominal pressure caused by straining to pass small , firm , Western-style stools .
oddly enough , the [first] cause of varicose veins is not fully understood , but there are some eminent medical researchers , like dr denis burkitt , who believe that the major cause of varicose veins is increased abdominal pressure caused by straining to pass small , firm , western-style stools .

Although the initial mapping was in the Grampians , it was not long before part of the team was diverted to the North-West Highlands .
although the [first] mapping was in the grampians , it was not long before part of the team was diverted to the north-west highlands .

My continuing experience with homoeopathy serves to confirm the initial impressions that this approach to treatment is a valuable addition to the range of possible treatments available to the doctor ( the armamentarium ) .
my continuing experience with homoeopathy serves to confirm the [first] impressions that this approach to treatment is a valuable addition to the range of possible treatments available to the doctor ( the armamentarium ) .

It is only when improvement ceases but further improvement is possible , or the patient begins to deteriorate again , that the dose is repeated , as it appears that the initial dose has been exhausted and more is required .
it is only when improvement ceases but further improvement is possible , or the patient begins to deteriorate again , that the dose is repeated , as it appears that the [first] dose has been exhausted and more is required .

The imbalance thus spreads out from the initial focus or storm centre .
the imbalance thus spreads out from the [first] focus or storm centre .

One reason for this may well be the inability of other laboratories to reproduce exactly the conditions under which the initial observations were made .
one reason for this may well be the inability of other laboratories to reproduce exactly the conditions under which the [first] observations were made .

It says much for the sense of humour of the untidy , bespectacled architect that after the initial shock of the Princess 's request , he accepted the relatively minor commission of building a dolls ' house for the Queen with enthusiasm , and immediately visited the Princess to discuss the project , bringing with him a mutual friend , Sir Herbert Morgan , President of the Society of Industrial Artists .
it says much for the sense of humour of the untidy , bespectacled architect that after the [first] shock of the princess 's request , he accepted the relatively minor commission of building a dolls ' house for the queen with enthusiasm , and immediately visited the princess to discuss the project , bringing with him a mutual friend , sir herbert morgan , president of the society of industrial artists .

After Her Majesty 's initial acceptance of the enterprise , Sir Herbert Morgan hosted a large private dinner party at the Savoy to which he , the Princess and Lutyens invited various mutual friends , authors and artists whom they wished to involve .
after her majesty 's [first] acceptance of the enterprise , sir herbert morgan hosted a large private dinner party at the savoy to which he , the princess and lutyens invited various mutual friends , authors and artists whom they wished to involve .

The initial shell of the model was erected in his Delhi office at Apple Tree Yard in London , and Royal Academicians involved in the painting of the various walls and ceilings crossed Piccadilly many times to be presented to Queen Mary or to exchange views and opinions with each other .
the [first] shell of the model was erected in his delhi office at apple tree yard in london , and royal academicians involved in the painting of the various walls and ceilings crossed piccadilly many times to be presented to queen mary or to exchange views and opinions with each other .

It led to her initial guest appearances in Coronation Street and to the offer of a major role in the film Yanks which Street commitments forced her to turn down .
it led to her [first] guest appearances in coronation street and to the offer of a major role in the film yanks which street commitments forced her to turn down .

Most of her initial wealth comes from her husband Sir Denis .
most of her [first] wealth comes from her husband sir denis .

You may find that after an initial burst of enthusiasm , your employers run out of steam and seem reluctant to fund you on courses or give you conference or study leave .
you may find that after an [first] burst of enthusiasm , your employers run out of steam and seem reluctant to fund you on courses or give you conference or study leave .

It is difficult for them to know just how great are the gaps in your knowledge and the limitations on your competence , and so they will depend on you to make your own initial assessment .
it is difficult for them to know just how great are the gaps in your knowledge and the limitations on your competence , and so they will depend on you to make your own [first] assessment .

Although this sounds obvious , it is quite remarkable how many returning nurses remark on the problems of adjustment they encounter once the initial ‘ honeymoon ’ period of returning is over .
although this sounds obvious , it is quite remarkable how many returning nurses remark on the problems of adjustment they encounter once the [first] ‘ honeymoon ’ period of returning is over .

Initial nervousness and insecurity when faced with unfamiliar surroundings and situations .
[first] nervousness and insecurity when faced with unfamiliar surroundings and situations .

Recognition from educators and managers that such stress exists and is legitimate is a very important initial strategy in coming to terms with both the positive and the negative influences of stress .
recognition from educators and managers that such stress exists and is legitimate is a very important [first] strategy in coming to terms with both the positive and the negative influences of stress .

The example of our colleagues in the higher education sector has had a major , positive influence on the educational methods employed by nurse educators , even if the initial response to this has at times been guarded by the ‘ old school ’ establishment .
the example of our colleagues in the higher education sector has had a major , positive influence on the educational methods employed by nurse educators , even if the [first] response to this has at times been guarded by the ‘ old school ’ establishment .

It is refreshingly easy to overcome initial fears , however , if you are prepared to enter into the debate , and not allow yourself to take comments or criticisms personally when a student peers at you agog for carrying out what they see as an archaic approach .
it is refreshingly easy to overcome [first] fears , however , if you are prepared to enter into the debate , and not allow yourself to take comments or criticisms personally when a student peers at you agog for carrying out what they see as an archaic approach .

In future , initial teaching must reflect the opinion that education in nursing , as in all professions , must continue after first qualification and opportunities are needed to make this a reality .
in future , [first] teaching must reflect the opinion that education in nursing , as in all professions , must continue after first qualification and opportunities are needed to make this a reality .

Recognise the significance of observations made of a patient and use these to develop an initial nursing assessment .
recognise the significance of observations made of a patient and use these to develop an [first] nursing assessment .

The goal of pattern recognition is to map the set of initial representations ( data ) into a set of interpretations ( names ) .
the goal of pattern recognition is to map the set of [first] representations ( data ) into a set of interpretations ( names ) .

it has storage space savings due to numerous identical initial word segments .
it has storage space savings due to numerous identical [first] word segments .

Most authors suggest that ambiguity remaining after initial lexical processing would be reduced by applying higher level context , such as syntax and semantics .
most authors suggest that ambiguity remaining after [first] lexical processing would be reduced by applying higher level context , such as syntax and semantics .

The initial stage of a script recognition system involves a pattern recogniser .
the [first] stage of a script recognition system involves a pattern recogniser .

The tablet used in the initial experiments captures data by sensing ( electromagnetically ) the movement of the stylus across its surface .
the tablet used in the [first] experiments captures data by sensing ( electromagnetically ) the movement of the stylus across its surface .

The initial construction of the data structure is of little importance to the user since it is rarely performed .
the [first] construction of the data structure is of little importance to the user since it is rarely performed .

Initial comparisons
[first] comparisons

After these initial comparisons had been completed , further experiments took place which included a trie structure .
after these [first] comparisons had been completed , further experiments took place which included a trie structure .

That is , all words sharing the same initial sound characteristics become activated in the system .
that is , all words sharing the same [first] sound characteristics become activated in the system .

As the system detects mismatches between initial bottom-up sensory information and the top-down information about the expected sound representation of words generated by context , inappropriate candidates within the initial cohort are de-activated .
as the system detects mismatches between [first] bottom-up sensory information and the top-down information about the expected sound representation of words generated by context , inappropriate candidates within the [first] cohort are de-activated .

Of these 36 errors , all but one were detected because the initial lexical look-up found no other candidate string to be allowable at each of these word positions .
of these 36 errors , all but one were detected because the [first] lexical look-up found no other candidate string to be allowable at each of these word positions .

Initial experiments have suggested that most traditional methods would not be immediately applicable , because of the nature of the original data from the pattern recogniser .
[first] experiments have suggested that most traditional methods would not be immediately applicable , because of the nature of the original data from the pattern recogniser .

Whether this would help to solve the problem is uncertain , and some initial experiments would have to be undertaken to establish its effectiveness .
whether this would help to solve the problem is uncertain , and some [first] experiments would have to be undertaken to establish its effectiveness .

Given the problems explained above , it may be difficult , and in some cases counter-productive to attempt any correction of errors within our system , however initial investigations suggest there may be particular situations where correction can be attempted and is in fact useful to improve recognition rates .
given the problems explained above , it may be difficult , and in some cases counter-productive to attempt any correction of errors within our system , however [first] investigations suggest there may be particular situations where correction can be attempted and is in fact useful to improve recognition rates .

However , parameters for them for individual writers could be extracted from an initial training phase for a script recognition system .
however , parameters for them for individual writers could be extracted from an [first] training phase for a script recognition system .

Initial investigations
[first] investigations

From initial investigations , it appeared that some measure of the number of letters in a word , and the word shape , would be quite restrictive for the list of possible candidates ( for Case 1 ) , as discussed below .
from [first] investigations , it appeared that some measure of the number of letters in a word , and the word shape , would be quite restrictive for the list of possible candidates ( for case 1 ) , as discussed below .

The initial investigations involved analysing samples of handwriting and calculating the effectiveness of the word length and shape information , assuming that such information were available .
the [first] investigations involved analysing samples of handwriting and calculating the effectiveness of the word length and shape information , assuming that such information were available .

Initial experiments showed that shape information is potentially very useful for reducing the number of candidate words ( see Table 5.9 ) .
[first] experiments showed that shape information is potentially very useful for reducing the number of candidate words ( see table 5.9 ) .

The exact method for effectively applying all available information needs more evaluation , but initial experimentation is encouraging .
the exact method for effectively applying all available information needs more evaluation , but [first] experimentation is encouraging .

Initial experimental results were presented .
[first] experimental results were presented .

Venables ' initial bid to sign Sheri for £2million last week was put on ice because Forest boss Brian Clough refused to let him go until he found a replacement .
venables ' [first] bid to sign sheri for £2million last week was put on ice because forest boss brian clough refused to let him go until he found a replacement .

High Street banks raised their lending rates by two per cent following the Government 's initial interest rate hoist .
high street banks raised their lending rates by two per cent following the government 's [first] interest rate hoist .

‘ Our ambition does n't end after our initial appearance on Top Of The Pops and maybe having a party after gig or whatever , ’ he perseveres , passionately . ‘ It seems almost cool to play 200 gigs a year and get in the Top Ten , when that 's all it is , you do n't even need to be that good ! That 's because there 's no-one else around who can offer anything else — no-one ! ’
‘ our ambition does n't end after our [first] appearance on top of the pops and maybe having a party after gig or whatever , ’ he perseveres , passionately . ‘ it seems almost cool to play 200 gigs a year and get in the top ten , when that 's all it is , you do n't even need to be that good ! that 's because there 's no-one else around who can offer anything else — no-one ! ’

An initial target of £4.7 million , later reduced to £2 million , was set for investments , which could be drawn on the unions ' general funds .
an [first] target of £4.7 million , later reduced to £2 million , was set for investments , which could be drawn on the unions ' general funds .

His dummy was excellent , but there were doubts in the question-and-answer section of the interview , when Pilger thought he detected a certain woodenness in his replies after the initial pitch .
his dummy was excellent , but there were doubts in the question-and-answer section of the interview , when pilger thought he detected a certain woodenness in his replies after the [first] pitch .

The company can expect to draw on the advice of many different specialists and institutions during and after the initial planning stage .
the company can expect to draw on the advice of many different specialists and institutions during and after the [first] planning stage .

It is likely that many follow-up meetings will need to be held after the initial announcement is made to communicate progress and to deal with employee problems as they occur .
it is likely that many follow-up meetings will need to be held after the [first] announcement is made to communicate progress and to deal with employee problems as they occur .

The guarantee is based on the lower of the initial purchase price or a building society 's valuation .
the guarantee is based on the lower of the [first] purchase price or a building society 's valuation .

Although Cold War ideology and initial public ignorance in the West of the horrific power of nuclear weapons at first muted the public pressures behind a renewed expression of the unacceptability of indiscriminate means of warfare , the growth of the popular movement for peace over the past twenty-five years and especially in its recent phase must now lead to a reaffirmation of the principle and its application to nuclear weapons .
although cold war ideology and [first] public ignorance in the west of the horrific power of nuclear weapons at first muted the public pressures behind a renewed expression of the unacceptability of indiscriminate means of warfare , the growth of the popular movement for peace over the past twenty-five years and especially in its recent phase must now lead to a reaffirmation of the principle and its application to nuclear weapons .

In addition to the principles governing reprisals , the legality of a threat of use of force in self-defence depends on compliance with the basic principles that self-defence must be a matter of overwhelming necessity and must be proportionate to the force used in the initial attack .
in addition to the principles governing reprisals , the legality of a threat of use of force in self-defence depends on compliance with the basic principles that self-defence must be a matter of overwhelming necessity and must be proportionate to the force used in the [first] attack .

Leave some initial thing undone , and it will be a handicap later , if not a factor in eventual failure .
leave some [first] thing undone , and it will be a handicap later , if not a factor in eventual failure .

However , in the case of the Camerons ' battling Yorkies , diagnosis is more clear-cut and the initial stages of treatment , at least , can be applied to similar cases with a good chance of producing improvements .
however , in the case of the camerons ' battling yorkies , diagnosis is more clear-cut and the [first] stages of treatment , at least , can be applied to similar cases with a good chance of producing improvements .

There are many ways of solving these problems for them , though , by quite a small initial outlay ( which the local authority social services department may meet in some cases ) .
there are many ways of solving these problems for them , though , by quite a small [first] outlay ( which the local authority social services department may meet in some cases ) .

The reforms are intended to cut deeply into current practice in both undergraduate and post-graduate programmes of initial teacher education , primary and secondary .
the reforms are intended to cut deeply into current practice in both undergraduate and post-graduate programmes of [first] teacher education , primary and secondary .

His initial high hopes of a clear-cut solution to the Wetherby murder were plummeting in direct relation to his blood sugar .
his [first] high hopes of a clear-cut solution to the wetherby murder were plummeting in direct relation to his blood sugar .

When we ask how it was , after initial preaching , that people were won for Christ in Corinth , Ephesus , Rome , Thessalonica , Galatia , Colossae , Philippi and the other destinations of the New Testament epistles , clearly the answer is : through the church !
when we ask how it was , after [first] preaching , that people were won for christ in corinth , ephesus , rome , thessalonica , galatia , colossae , philippi and the other destinations of the new testament epistles , clearly the answer is : through the church !

From their early emphasis on relationship as opposed to religion , and an initial growth from Christians transferring from denominational churches , it is fair to say that mission and church planting now feature high on the whole movement 's agenda as never before .
from their early emphasis on relationship as opposed to religion , and an [first] growth from christians transferring from denominational churches , it is fair to say that mission and church planting now feature high on the whole movement 's agenda as never before .

Apart from some initial instability of woodwind tuning , the orchestra , under its conductor John Forster , worked hard to achieve the necessary space in the opening and at the same time that important sense of continuity .
apart from some [first] instability of woodwind tuning , the orchestra , under its conductor john forster , worked hard to achieve the necessary space in the opening and at the same time that important sense of continuity .

The early runs were made aggressively , but initial failure in Tests forced a resolve to tighten defence and give nothing away .
the early runs were made aggressively , but [first] failure in tests forced a resolve to tighten defence and give nothing away .

The tendency for the ball to keep low , especially , became more marked , and Martin Crowe 's initial decision meant that his country had to bat last on it .
the tendency for the ball to keep low , especially , became more marked , and martin crowe 's [first] decision meant that his country had to bat last on it .

Thankfully , initial reports were encouraging .
thankfully , [first] reports were encouraging .

Equinox Systems Inc , making input-output controller boards for multi-user computers in Fort Lauderdale , Florida has filed to go public with an initial offer of up to 1.5m shares , 1m of them new , at a target price of $ 11.50 to $ 13.50 a share to raise some $ 12m for working capital .
equinox systems inc , making input-output controller boards for multi-user computers in fort lauderdale , florida has filed to go public with an [first] offer of up to 1.5m shares , 1m of them new , at a target price of $ 11.50 to $ 13.50 a share to raise some $ 12m for working capital .

Many works give initial impact through colour , but in order to remain substantial they must also have a physical quality and that means texture .
many works give [first] impact through colour , but in order to remain substantial they must also have a physical quality and that means texture .

That strategy incorporates a review of the content of courses of initial teacher training ; the establishment of a committee for the accreditation of courses of teacher education ; an inquiry into the procedures for the external validation of courses in public sector higher education ; an inquiry into selection for teaching ; suggestions for regular staff appraisal of teachers , and the public reporting by Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of their findings on visits to schools and colleges .
that strategy incorporates a review of the content of courses of [first] teacher training ; the establishment of a committee for the accreditation of courses of teacher education ; an inquiry into the procedures for the external validation of courses in public sector higher education ; an inquiry into selection for teaching ; suggestions for regular staff appraisal of teachers , and the public reporting by her majesty 's inspectorate of their findings on visits to schools and colleges .

In terms of government action , the concerns and implications of these documents have been taken up most directly through the setting-up of national criteria as a basis for controlling and ‘ accrediting ’ programmes of initial teacher training .
in terms of government action , the concerns and implications of these documents have been taken up most directly through the setting-up of national criteria as a basis for controlling and ‘ accrediting ’ programmes of [first] teacher training .

The other two explanations appear to rest on somewhat inchoate versions of learning theory in claiming that teaching quality results from learned knowledge , skill , and other technical expertise acquired through initial training and further professional experience .
the other two explanations appear to rest on somewhat inchoate versions of learning theory in claiming that teaching quality results from learned knowledge , skill , and other technical expertise acquired through [first] training and further professional experience .

The recommendation following from this diagnosis is that more attention should be directed to developing these kinds of competence in initial training , not least with regard to teachers spending more time on becoming more skilled and knowledgeable in their own subject specialisms .
the recommendation following from this diagnosis is that more attention should be directed to developing these kinds of competence in [first] training , not least with regard to teachers spending more time on becoming more skilled and knowledgeable in their own subject specialisms .

Intuit Inc , Menlo Park , California developer of the Quicken household budgeting program , got its initial public offering of 1.5m shares , 1m of them new , away at $ 20 a share and plans to use the $ 19m or so net proceeds for capital expenditure , working capital and product development .
intuit inc , menlo park , california developer of the quicken household budgeting program , got its [first] public offering of 1.5m shares , 1m of them new , away at $ 20 a share and plans to use the $ 19m or so net proceeds for capital expenditure , working capital and product development .

Questioning the nature of the issue under study is an important part of research as it clarifies initial concepts and examines the definitions employed .
questioning the nature of the issue under study is an important part of research as it clarifies [first] concepts and examines the definitions employed .

Such an assumption is perhaps made most explicit in the Beckford Report when it comments on the apparent failure of the area officer in the case to recognize the apparently obvious indications that he was dealing with a ‘ high risk ’ child abuse case when chairing the initial case conference : Clearly it is of concern if health and welfare professionals are unfamiliar with the relevant research and it is one of the aims of this chapter to contribute to that understanding .
such an assumption is perhaps made most explicit in the beckford report when it comments on the apparent failure of the area officer in the case to recognize the apparently obvious indications that he was dealing with a ‘ high risk ’ child abuse case when chairing the [first] case conference : clearly it is of concern if health and welfare professionals are unfamiliar with the relevant research and it is one of the aims of this chapter to contribute to that understanding .

Interviews also took place with parents in 10 of the 25 cases selected for follow-up.The study looked at cases during the first six months after the initial case conference .
interviews also took place with parents in 10 of the 25 cases selected for follow-up.the study looked at cases during the first six months after the [first] case conference .

Software Etc Stores Inc , Edina , Minnesota filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission for an initial public offering of up to 800,000 common shares , all new at a target price of $ 15.50 a share and says it wants the $ 12m or so net proceeds to finance expansion .
software etc stores inc , edina , minnesota filed with the securities & exchange commission for an [first] public offering of up to 800,000 common shares , all new at a target price of $ 15.50 a share and says it wants the $ 12m or so net proceeds to finance expansion .

Instead , the initial implementation will appear as an Ethernet switch called the DragonSwitch , which fits into its existing Access/One hubs .
instead , the [first] implementation will appear as an ethernet switch called the dragonswitch , which fits into its existing access/one hubs .

Boca Research Inc , doing graphics , communications , memory and other boards for personal computers in Boca Raton , Florida has gone public with an initial offer of 3m shares , 1.25m of them new , at $ 10 a share .
boca research inc , doing graphics , communications , memory and other boards for personal computers in boca raton , florida has gone public with an [first] offer of 3m shares , 1.25m of them new , at $ 10 a share .

Tricord Systems Inc , building servers in Plymouth , Michigan got its initial public offering of 3m shares , 2.5m of them new , away at $ 11 a share , and plans to use the $ 25m or so net proceeds to repay debt and for working capital .
tricord systems inc , building servers in plymouth , michigan got its [first] public offering of 3m shares , 2.5m of them new , away at $ 11 a share , and plans to use the $ 25m or so net proceeds to repay debt and for working capital .

Grom , having overcome his initial surprise , howled with pain and anger before he was overcome by the fumes .
grom , having overcome his [first] surprise , howled with pain and anger before he was overcome by the fumes .

From an initial position of advantage in immediate post-war Britain — when food was required almost at any cost — the agricultural interest succeeded in capturing the regulatory mechanism through the exercise of highly successful pressure-group politics .
from an [first] position of advantage in immediate post-war britain — when food was required almost at any cost — the agricultural interest succeeded in capturing the regulatory mechanism through the exercise of highly successful pressure-group politics .

Least as important as its initial recruitment .
least as important as its [first] recruitment .

It turned out that during the initial flight test programme of the Boeing 707/300 a lack of stabiliser torsional stiffness became apparent .
it turned out that during the [first] flight test programme of the boeing 707/300 a lack of stabiliser torsional stiffness became apparent .

Next comes the establishment of the attitude of the aircraft on initial impact with the ground .
next comes the establishment of the attitude of the aircraft on [first] impact with the ground .

Then the engineering investigator will be concerned to trace the integrity of all the flying controls from the initial input in the cockpit to the final deflection of the control surface , with all the correct follow-up of intervening systems and components such as hydraulic and electrical servo systems , jacks , selectors and the operation in the correct sense of the appropriate servo-tabs , anti-balance tabs , balance panels , spring-tabs and everything else associated with the pilot 's ability to manoeuvre the aircraft .
then the engineering investigator will be concerned to trace the integrity of all the flying controls from the [first] input in the cockpit to the final deflection of the control surface , with all the correct follow-up of intervening systems and components such as hydraulic and electrical servo systems , jacks , selectors and the operation in the correct sense of the appropriate servo-tabs , anti-balance tabs , balance panels , spring-tabs and everything else associated with the pilot 's ability to manoeuvre the aircraft .

So much for the engineering side . But to return to the initial arrival at the accident site , what is the operational investigator looking for ?
so much for the engineering side . but to return to the [first] arrival at the accident site , what is the operational investigator looking for ?

Applied Signal Technology Inc , developing reconnaissance equipment to collect and process telecommunications signals in Sunnyvale , California got its initial public offering of 2.2m shares , 2m of them new , away at $ 7 per share , and will use the $ 13m or so net proceeds to repay debt and for working capital .
applied signal technology inc , developing reconnaissance equipment to collect and process telecommunications signals in sunnyvale , california got its [first] public offering of 2.2m shares , 2m of them new , away at $ 7 per share , and will use the $ 13m or so net proceeds to repay debt and for working capital .

Leasing Solutions Inc , a San Jose company dealing in information processing and communications equipment , principally leasing it ‘ to large creditworthy companies ’ , got its initial public offering of 1m new shares away at $ 5.00 per share and plans to use the $ 4.5m or so net proceeds to buy equipment for lease .
leasing solutions inc , a san jose company dealing in information processing and communications equipment , principally leasing it ‘ to large creditworthy companies ’ , got its [first] public offering of 1m new shares away at $ 5.00 per share and plans to use the $ 4.5m or so net proceeds to buy equipment for lease .

Other barriers to implementing open systems include the initial cost of the move in terms of time and money ; re-training ; and the need for business re-engineering .
other barriers to implementing open systems include the [first] cost of the move in terms of time and money ; re-training ; and the need for business re-engineering .

Media Vision Technology Inc , making multimedia products in Fremont , California got its initial public offering of 1.75m shares , 1m of them new , away at $ 26.25 a share ; it did not give its plans for the $ 25m or so net proceeds .
media vision technology inc , making multimedia products in fremont , california got its [first] public offering of 1.75m shares , 1m of them new , away at $ 26.25 a share ; it did not give its plans for the $ 25m or so net proceeds .

Best Programs Inc , Reston , Virginia software developer , has filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission to go public with an initial offer of up to 2.17m shares at a target price of $ 9 to 11 a share .
best programs inc , reston , virginia software developer , has filed with the securities & exchange commission to go public with an [first] offer of up to 2.17m shares at a target price of $ 9 to 11 a share .

Auspex Systems Inc , building servers in Santa Clara , California has filed to go public with an initial offer of up to 5.19m shares , 2.6m of them new ; no target price was available .
auspex systems inc , building servers in santa clara , california has filed to go public with an [first] offer of up to 5.19m shares , 2.6m of them new ; no target price was available .

Catalyst Semiconductor Inc , Santa Clara , California has filed to go public with an initial offer of up to 2.5m shares at a target price of between $ 9 and $ 11 a share .
catalyst semiconductor inc , santa clara , california has filed to go public with an [first] offer of up to 2.5m shares at a target price of between $ 9 and $ 11 a share .

Interlinq Software Corp , Kirkland , Washington developer of MortgageWare personal computer-based mortgage lending software for mortgage brokers and bankers , banks , credit unions and savings institutions , filed to go public with an initial offer of 2.5m , 1.5m of them new , at $ 8 per share .
interlinq software corp , kirkland , washington developer of mortgageware personal computer-based mortgage lending software for mortgage brokers and bankers , banks , credit unions and savings institutions , filed to go public with an [first] offer of 2.5m , 1.5m of them new , at $ 8 per share .

Interactive Inc , Humboldt , South Dakota has filed to go public with an initial offer of up to 1.0m units , each consisting of one common share and a warrant for a second one ; net proceeds will be used to expand the company 's marketing and sales , develop new products , repay debt , and for working capital ; no target price given .
interactive inc , humboldt , south dakota has filed to go public with an [first] offer of up to 1.0m units , each consisting of one common share and a warrant for a second one ; net proceeds will be used to expand the company 's marketing and sales , develop new products , repay debt , and for working capital ; no target price given .

Microchip Technology Inc , making field-programmable microcontrollers in Chandler , Arizona got its initial public offering of 1.5m shares , 1.3m of them new , away at $ 13.00 a share .
microchip technology inc , making field-programmable microcontrollers in chandler , arizona got its [first] public offering of 1.5m shares , 1.3m of them new , away at $ 13.00 a share .

It provides tools for applications design from the initial concept , to the editing stage , debugging , simulation and then code generation .
it provides tools for applications design from the [first] concept , to the editing stage , debugging , simulation and then code generation .

Electronic Retailing Systems International Inc , Wilton , Connecticut developer and marketer of electronic shelf labelling systems , reports that it got its initial public offering of 1.6m shares , 1.3m of them new , away at $ 13 a share .
electronic retailing systems international inc , wilton , connecticut developer and marketer of electronic shelf labelling systems , reports that it got its [first] public offering of 1.6m shares , 1.3m of them new , away at $ 13 a share .

Also deduction of the Fund 's initial charge ( where applicable ) means that if an investor withdraws from his investment in the short term he may not get back the amount he originally invested .
also deduction of the fund 's [first] charge ( where applicable ) means that if an investor withdraws from his investment in the short term he may not get back the amount he originally invested .

That 's why we help you all the way ; from initial development and consultancy to service , training and comprehensive support .
that 's why we help you all the way ; from [first] development and consultancy to service , training and comprehensive support .

Transpower , Mizuno 's unique energy conversion compound absorbs initial impact shock whilst converting it into positive forward movement .
transpower , mizuno 's unique energy conversion compound absorbs [first] impact shock whilst converting it into positive forward movement .

We 'll chart your progress every step of the way , from initial enquiry to transfer of title .
we 'll chart your progress every step of the way , from [first] enquiry to transfer of title .

Increases in petrol and road fund duty and initial changes to company car taxation ‘ will hit the motorist hard ’ , according to Wayne Cocker , sales manager at Ford dealers Trigon in Woodbridge .
increases in petrol and road fund duty and [first] changes to company car taxation ‘ will hit the motorist hard ’ , according to wayne cocker , sales manager at ford dealers trigon in woodbridge .

The database is proving to be a powerful tool during the initial stages of mineral exploration programmes , and database products have been purchased by public- and private-sector organisations .
the database is proving to be a powerful tool during the [first] stages of mineral exploration programmes , and database products have been purchased by public- and private-sector organisations .

The initial design phase for a database to hold a lexicon of stratigraphical terms is almost complete .
the [first] design phase for a database to hold a lexicon of stratigraphical terms is almost complete .

David Salter , eighth last year and fifth in 1991 , will be joined again by Tom McKeith , who was third in the initial Ipswich success in 1990 but has been missing since .
david salter , eighth last year and fifth in 1991 , will be joined again by tom mckeith , who was third in the [first] ipswich success in 1990 but has been missing since .

Basingstoke full-back Richard Rowledge levelled the scores with a penalty of his own , but Sudbury were back in the lead after Dyble 's initial break was continued by Hett with Tim Newcomb being pushed before receiving the pass .
basingstoke full-back richard rowledge levelled the scores with a penalty of his own , but sudbury were back in the lead after dyble 's [first] break was continued by hett with tim newcomb being pushed before receiving the pass .

Yesterday , junior agriculture minister David Curry said the initial assessment was that both the flood warning systems and coastal defences performed well .
yesterday , junior agriculture minister david curry said the [first] assessment was that both the flood warning systems and coastal defences performed well .

After successfully completing the initial phases we move everyone on to our Sun Screen Cream , Protection Factor 8 .
after successfully completing the [first] phases we move everyone on to our sun screen cream , protection factor 8 .

Again we notice that the initial stimulus comes from a memory of Dorothy 's .
again we notice that the [first] stimulus comes from a memory of dorothy 's .

This method of narration allows the reader to take part in the initial experience , to share in the inquiry into its meaning from the start , and then to join in the subsequent dialogue with which Wordsworth engages ‘ the Mind out there ’ ( or the ‘ Wisdom and Spirit of the Universe ’ ) in his attempt to find a fuller explanation .
this method of narration allows the reader to take part in the [first] experience , to share in the inquiry into its meaning from the start , and then to join in the subsequent dialogue with which wordsworth engages ‘ the mind out there ’ ( or the ‘ wisdom and spirit of the universe ’ ) in his attempt to find a fuller explanation .

You will find that , in the initial stages , it is much easier to control the tail if the model is always kept moving slowly forwards .
you will find that , in the [first] stages , it is much easier to control the tail if the model is always kept moving slowly forwards .

For initial attempts it is best to apply only very short ‘ stabs ’ of cyclic control .
for [first] attempts it is best to apply only very short ‘ stabs ’ of cyclic control .

If you used floats on your model during the initial learning period and have since removed them , it would be well worth replacing them for your first circuits .
if you used floats on your model during the [first] learning period and have since removed them , it would be well worth replacing them for your first circuits .

It is very difficult to make this transition — here , again , some flyers never do- and there are many , varied ways which have been suggested to help in the initial stages .
it is very difficult to make this transition — here , again , some flyers never do- and there are many , varied ways which have been suggested to help in the [first] stages .

If the model has enough inertia to complete the roll , its eventual path will depend on whether the initial climb was truly vertical and the pitch exactly zero .
if the model has enough inertia to complete the roll , its eventual path will depend on whether the [first] climb was truly vertical and the pitch exactly zero .

During the initial stages of the climb , the best solution is to apply back cyclic to drop the nose and then roll out .
during the [first] stages of the climb , the best solution is to apply back cyclic to drop the nose and then roll out .

Initial operations by the new unit did not open an unauspicious note .
[first] operations by the new unit did not open an unauspicious note .

When θ = θ the initial tableau ( x 1 = x 2 = x 3 = 0 ) is optimal .
when θ = θ the [first] tableau ( x 1 = x 2 = x 3 = 0 ) is optimal .

To start the method , we must find an initial alternating basis .
to start the method , we must find an [first] alternating basis .

This is done by first obtaining an initial assignment as follows .
this is done by first obtaining an [first] assignment as follows .

The Republicans ' initial rise and fall occurred within the space of one year .
the republicans ' [first] rise and fall occurred within the space of one year .

Yet it forms onlyan initial fragment .
yet it forms onlyan [first] fragment .

The number of years qualified was unrelated to initial skills .
the number of years qualified was unrelated to [first] skills .

It would be interesting to have research into the period of initial onset of the illness and the ability of families to obtain specialist advice for the sick family member , particularly as in this illness the patient has rarely the insight to see the need for medical assistance .
it would be interesting to have research into the period of [first] onset of the illness and the ability of families to obtain specialist advice for the sick family member , particularly as in this illness the patient has rarely the insight to see the need for medical assistance .

The initial record of all food and drink consumed for a week helped us to see if our clients were depriving themselves of food for long periods and if they were eating balanced meals .
the [first] record of all food and drink consumed for a week helped us to see if our clients were depriving themselves of food for long periods and if they were eating balanced meals .

Initial results from the tests administered before the group started revealed group members to have very disordered eating patterns and a high severity of symptoms .
[first] results from the tests administered before the group started revealed group members to have very disordered eating patterns and a high severity of symptoms .

An initial draft programme was circulated for comments .
an [first] draft programme was circulated for comments .

Table 1 . Initial assessment [ extracts ]
table 1 . [first] assessment [ extracts ]

The surrounding cellulitis responded slowly to initial treatment with amoxycillin .
the surrounding cellulitis responded slowly to [first] treatment with amoxycillin .

Traditionally doctors have played a small role in the overall management of these types of injuries after the initial stages .
traditionally doctors have played a small role in the overall management of these types of injuries after the [first] stages .

From a distance of two weeks , the initial reaction to defeat also seems unnecessarily despondent .
from a distance of two weeks , the [first] reaction to defeat also seems unnecessarily despondent .

The right-wing press was given a modest initial opportunity for an immigration hype with the discovery of a lorryload of illegal immigrants on 23 March .
the right-wing press was given a modest [first] opportunity for an immigration hype with the discovery of a lorryload of illegal immigrants on 23 march .

Iain Banks is a thoroughly Scottish writer , and The Crow Road has already been identified as his ‘ crisis ’ novel : a notable softening of the baroque violence and elaboration of the earlier books and the sideline science fiction ( where Banks hides under the minimal false moustache and wig of a middle initial ) .
iain banks is a thoroughly scottish writer , and the crow road has already been identified as his ‘ crisis ’ novel : a notable softening of the baroque violence and elaboration of the earlier books and the sideline science fiction ( where banks hides under the minimal false moustache and wig of a middle [first] ) .

From its roots at MANsion House 9000 ( the initial emergency telephone line at St Stephen Walbrook in the City of London ) it has grown into a huge international movement with branches in 20 countries , most of which Varah , an inveterate traveller , has visited .
from its roots at mansion house 9000 ( the [first] emergency telephone line at st stephen walbrook in the city of london ) it has grown into a huge international movement with branches in 20 countries , most of which varah , an inveterate traveller , has visited .

The initial wave of deportations followed round-ups carried out by French police in the occupied zone .
the [first] wave of deportations followed round-ups carried out by french police in the occupied zone .

Specific issues can provide initial meeting places , and open up communication , but that communication must build institutional foundations .
specific issues can provide [first] meeting places , and open up communication , but that communication must build institutional foundations .

Terrified , their initial reaction was to make a run for it ; but other considerations crowded in .
terrified , their [first] reaction was to make a run for it ; but other considerations crowded in .

The initial shockwaves that devastated the Orkney island community of South Ronaldsay following the removal of the nine children from these four families , turned very quickly to disbelief and then to anger .
the [first] shockwaves that devastated the orkney island community of south ronaldsay following the removal of the nine children from these four families , turned very quickly to disbelief and then to anger .

Then a rigorous initial training period begins .
then a rigorous [first] training period begins .

The Reporter makes the initial decisions about whether to proceed any further with a particular case .
the reporter makes the [first] decisions about whether to proceed any further with a particular case .

There was no proof that an initial spark from Christian extremists had set the whole affair in motion ; there was suspicion , and it is one aspect of the Orkney affair that attracted the attention of the feature writers .
there was no proof that an [first] spark from christian extremists had set the whole affair in motion ; there was suspicion , and it is one aspect of the orkney affair that attracted the attention of the feature writers .

Of our initial 20 rather withered carnations , 18 were carried off into the distance by bewildered or gracious lasses .
of our [first] 20 rather withered carnations , 18 were carried off into the distance by bewildered or gracious lasses .

Two other images from that initial sortie stick in my mind .
two other images from that [first] sortie stick in my mind .

Labour 's concern should be with the initial distribution of wealth , rather than with a post hoc redistribution .
labour 's concern should be with the [first] distribution of wealth , rather than with a post hoc redistribution .

Brian Cox 's initial scepticism about the ‘ arty , crafty ’ notion of taking King Lear to Broadmoor was in the event replaced by respectful admiration .
brian cox 's [first] scepticism about the ‘ arty , crafty ’ notion of taking king lear to broadmoor was in the event replaced by respectful admiration .

Don ‘ t There 's no reason for launches higher than 200 metres ( 650ft ) and then only for a parafoil type which needs the initial fall to take in air and inflate .
don ‘ t there 's no reason for launches higher than 200 metres ( 650ft ) and then only for a parafoil type which needs the [first] fall to take in air and inflate .

The initial ascent with a ‘ tuned ’ Rokkaku is straight up , following the line of the spine .
the [first] ascent with a ‘ tuned ’ rokkaku is straight up , following the line of the spine .

These patent protected designs by Dunford , Powell , Merry and Jones created the initial wave and still survive .
these patent protected designs by dunford , powell , merry and jones created the [first] wave and still survive .

This initial success heartened all at Berwick .
this [first] success heartened all at berwick .

Satisfaction , even glee at this initial success was , however , soon succeeded by doubts about what to do next .
satisfaction , even glee at this [first] success was , however , soon succeeded by doubts about what to do next .

Most certainly he would not take this initial set-back passively .
most certainly he would not take this [first] set-back passively .

The initial and critical assumption is that because people need to work in order to live , the economic basis of a society governs all human relationships and culture .
the [first] and critical assumption is that because people need to work in order to live , the economic basis of a society governs all human relationships and culture .

After the initial primitive stage certain members of society gain control over the forces of production so permitting a minority to exploit the majority : under slavery the slave-owner exploits the slaves ; under feudalism the landlords exploit the serfs ; and under capitalism the bourgeoisie exploits the proletariat .
after the [first] primitive stage certain members of society gain control over the forces of production so permitting a minority to exploit the majority : under slavery the slave-owner exploits the slaves ; under feudalism the landlords exploit the serfs ; and under capitalism the bourgeoisie exploits the proletariat .

There are more than a hundred variables that go to make up this initial decision .
there are more than a hundred variables that go to make up this [first] decision .

Much of the initial opposition came from Beverley , an upmarket housing estate on the southeastern side of the factory which had a clear view of the factory site .
much of the [first] opposition came from beverley , an upmarket housing estate on the southeastern side of the factory which had a clear view of the factory site .

But after the initial enthusiasm , mysticism in Europe waned somewhat .
but after the [first] enthusiasm , mysticism in europe waned somewhat .

Stated baldly , and cheerfully ignoring the Secretary of State s admonition not to impute guilt to either Meehan or Waddell , his conclusions were that while Waddell and McGuinness probably carried out what he called the initial assault , ‘ it can not be disproved that Meehan and Griffiths were not a follow-up team with the role of dealing with the safe or safes believed to be in the bungalow ’ .
stated baldly , and cheerfully ignoring the secretary of state s admonition not to impute guilt to either meehan or waddell , his conclusions were that while waddell and mcguinness probably carried out what he called the [first] assault , ‘ it can not be disproved that meehan and griffiths were not a follow-up team with the role of dealing with the safe or safes believed to be in the bungalow ’ .

My initial reasons for believing in the men 's innocence were ones of which the law takes no cognisance at all .
my [first] reasons for believing in the men 's innocence were ones of which the law takes no cognisance at all .

We assess and evaluate a person on an initial first impression — this includes their whole body image .
we assess and evaluate a person on an [first] first impression — this includes their whole body image .

It is not just the initial charge but also the upkeep — permanently tinted or lightened hair will need the roots retouching regularly .
it is not just the [first] charge but also the upkeep — permanently tinted or lightened hair will need the roots retouching regularly .

Our link with Civil Affairs Service ( Burma ) in Delhi was Colonel Leslie Glass , and plans were so laid that when the civil government took over from the military , there should be an easy transition from the initial operation under the military .
our link with civil affairs service ( burma ) in delhi was colonel leslie glass , and plans were so laid that when the civil government took over from the military , there should be an easy transition from the [first] operation under the military .

The Army has done a grand job of work in the initial stages of rehabilitation , and without its aid progress would have been far slower .
the army has done a grand job of work in the [first] stages of rehabilitation , and without its aid progress would have been far slower .

Ironically , despite her growing success ( the initial print run for Body Thief in hardback is the colossal figure of 500,000 ) , Anne Rice is still regarded as a ‘ cult ’ author by the close-knit literary establishment in both America and Britain .
ironically , despite her growing success ( the [first] print run for body thief in hardback is the colossal figure of 500,000 ) , anne rice is still regarded as a ‘ cult ’ author by the close-knit literary establishment in both america and britain .

People have begun to notice that the initial pleasure can give way to spiritual and psychological disruption .
people have begun to notice that the [first] pleasure can give way to spiritual and psychological disruption .

For individuals you need to know their surname , a first name or initial and their sex .
for individuals you need to know their surname , a first name or [first] and their sex .

’ Celia 's initial examination by her gynaecologist was over .
’ celia 's [first] examination by her gynaecologist was over .

Used to getting her own way with her father over most of the other things she desired , Freddie 's initial take-it-or-leave-it attitude had simply fuelled her determination .
used to getting her own way with her father over most of the other things she desired , freddie 's [first] take-it-or-leave-it attitude had simply fuelled her determination .

‘ Initial reaction negative ’ , indeed .
‘ [first] reaction negative ’ , indeed .

Aleks ( Russia ) , a Moscow-based security company , is marketing a computer database of business partners to avoid : rather suspiciously launched on April 1 , the service — Conduit — has information on what it calls ‘ untrustworthy commercial partners ’ and the database is apparently updated by aggrieved entrepreneurs and firms that have been victims of fraud or deceit and are seeking redress ( or revenge ) — canny Aleks says it can not be responsible for the data contained on the database ; users must pay 5,000 roubles as an initial fee , plus another 100 roubles a month and 20 roubles for each reference .
aleks ( russia ) , a moscow-based security company , is marketing a computer database of business partners to avoid : rather suspiciously launched on april 1 , the service — conduit — has information on what it calls ‘ untrustworthy commercial partners ’ and the database is apparently updated by aggrieved entrepreneurs and firms that have been victims of fraud or deceit and are seeking redress ( or revenge ) — canny aleks says it can not be responsible for the data contained on the database ; users must pay 5,000 roubles as an [first] fee , plus another 100 roubles a month and 20 roubles for each reference .

On the PowerPC effort , Mace says the initial part will come in with around 30 % less power than the 88000 , though he expects performance to converge over time .
on the powerpc effort , mace says the [first] part will come in with around 30 % less power than the 88000 , though he expects performance to converge over time .

Network Computing Devices Inc got its initial public offering of 2.5m shares , all new , away at $12 a share , and plans to use the $28m or so net proceeds for working capital .
network computing devices inc got its [first] public offering of 2.5m shares , all new , away at $12 a share , and plans to use the $28m or so net proceeds for working capital .

Similarly initial costs are high as vendors try to recover their non-recurring investments in the technology , but falls as volumes increase and manufacturing is streamlined or competition depresses prices .
similarly [first] costs are high as vendors try to recover their non-recurring investments in the technology , but falls as volumes increase and manufacturing is streamlined or competition depresses prices .

In the Newport hundreds , where the level of lay assessments was low and left substantially unchanged by the subsidy , the proportion of wealth owned by the Church was much higher than in the more advanced Chilterns , not only in 1522 but also after the initial assessments had been scaled down for the subsidy .
in the newport hundreds , where the level of lay assessments was low and left substantially unchanged by the subsidy , the proportion of wealth owned by the church was much higher than in the more advanced chilterns , not only in 1522 but also after the [first] assessments had been scaled down for the subsidy .

Sparc chip set house Nimbus Technologies Inc last week was getting set to acknowledge what is already street gossip : that Cypress Semiconductor Corp , or rather its Ross Technology Inc subsidiary , got Nimbus off the ground with an initial ‘ joint development ’ investment round about $ 1.5m .
sparc chip set house nimbus technologies inc last week was getting set to acknowledge what is already street gossip : that cypress semiconductor corp , or rather its ross technology inc subsidiary , got nimbus off the ground with an [first] ‘ joint development ’ investment round about $ 1.5m .

Santa Cruz Operation Inc , Santa Cruz home of desktop and low-end Unix , got its initial public offering of 6m shares , 3.6m of them new , away at $ 12.50 a share , to raise about $ 41.1m net , for which the company did not give plans .
santa cruz operation inc , santa cruz home of desktop and low-end unix , got its [first] public offering of 6m shares , 3.6m of them new , away at $ 12.50 a share , to raise about $ 41.1m net , for which the company did not give plans .

The problem begins at a conceptual level with the initial division between master and slave as such , as if relations of power work according to the binary opposition of Hegel 's fight to the death between two individuals .
the problem begins at a conceptual level with the [first] division between master and slave as such , as if relations of power work according to the binary opposition of hegel 's fight to the death between two individuals .

In order to come to terms with the past , the initial gesture must be to confront its strangeness , rather than to seek for similarities and continuities so that it can be equated with the present and thus , in effect , dehistoricized .
in order to come to terms with the past , the [first] gesture must be to confront its strangeness , rather than to seek for similarities and continuities so that it can be equated with the present and thus , in effect , dehistoricized .

The former is the result of its initial work and produces its current 33MHz-40MHz Vikings .
the former is the result of its [first] work and produces its current 33mhz-40mhz vikings .

Bell Atlantic Corp 's Bell Atlantic Integrated Systems Inc has entered the network integration market with the formation of a new unit that will provide initial planning and needs analysis , product integration , network implementation , post-implementation support and education services .
bell atlantic corp 's bell atlantic integrated systems inc has entered the network integration market with the formation of a new unit that will provide [first] planning and needs analysis , product integration , network implementation , post-implementation support and education services .

In the initial post-war period , young people were a relatively ‘ affluent ’ group who were able to earn more from the 1950s onwards than they had done previously , thus creating the phenomenon of the ‘ teenage consumer ’ ( Roberts , 1984 ) .
in the [first] post-war period , young people were a relatively ‘ affluent ’ group who were able to earn more from the 1950s onwards than they had done previously , thus creating the phenomenon of the ‘ teenage consumer ’ ( roberts , 1984 ) .

It was this school versus community dispute that formed a backdrop to Valerie Way 's interview with this initial dispute between the two deputy head teachers .
it was this school versus community dispute that formed a backdrop to valerie way 's interview with this [first] dispute between the two deputy head teachers .

My initial interest was in participation .
my [first] interest was in participation .

There is nothing to suggest that a link with the County Hospital was ever contemplated ; the proposed collaboration was evidently to be with other poor law institutions only , and the initial approach was made in fact to the North Evington Infirmary in Leicester .
there is nothing to suggest that a link with the county hospital was ever contemplated ; the proposed collaboration was evidently to be with other poor law institutions only , and the [first] approach was made in fact to the north evington infirmary in leicester .

Over half of their army had been destroyed during the initial rush towards the gate .
over half of their army had been destroyed during the [first] rush towards the gate .

Hopefully the initial push towards the enemy will ensure that the Fanatic hits the enemy more often than he hits his mates … but you can never be sure .
hopefully the [first] push towards the enemy will ensure that the fanatic hits the enemy more often than he hits his mates … but you can never be sure .

The common factors include the problems of good communication and dissemination ; the perceived ‘ ownership ’ of the innovation by those whose practice is most affected ; the firm and explicit adoption of the innovation ; the experience of initial implementation ; the other pressures bearing upon the organisation or individuals who are being asked to change ; the resource implications ; and the extent to which the innovation becomes firmly embedded into the structure of the organisation or the practice of the individual .
the common factors include the problems of good communication and dissemination ; the perceived ‘ ownership ’ of the innovation by those whose practice is most affected ; the firm and explicit adoption of the innovation ; the experience of [first] implementation ; the other pressures bearing upon the organisation or individuals who are being asked to change ; the resource implications ; and the extent to which the innovation becomes firmly embedded into the structure of the organisation or the practice of the individual .

Despite restrictions of finance and lack of initial endorsement often from higher echelons of management , the amount of innovative work in under-fives and special needs areas has been significant .
despite restrictions of finance and lack of [first] endorsement often from higher echelons of management , the amount of innovative work in under-fives and special needs areas has been significant .

This suggests that one priority is a general initial training supplemented by training in more specific skills relating to the presenting difficulties of the children being supported .
this suggests that one priority is a general [first] training supplemented by training in more specific skills relating to the presenting difficulties of the children being supported .

But such methods still require an initial interaction between machine and psychologist .
but such methods still require an [first] interaction between machine and psychologist .

Most of the true species are single-flowers , and seldom bloom beyond the one initial burst — this showed out in the early English crosses .
most of the true species are single-flowers , and seldom bloom beyond the one [first] burst — this showed out in the early english crosses .

True , pest and disease may follow , but we should always keep in mind the possibility that the initial breach in the defences is due to physical disorder .
true , pest and disease may follow , but we should always keep in mind the possibility that the [first] breach in the defences is due to physical disorder .

After an initial recommended strength spray , all that is needed is a ‘ topping up ’ spray every three or four weeks .
after an [first] recommended strength spray , all that is needed is a ‘ topping up ’ spray every three or four weeks .

In the case of skilled jobs , the initial approach was made by telephone , and for white-collar jobs the first approach was by letter .
in the case of skilled jobs , the [first] approach was made by telephone , and for white-collar jobs the first approach was by letter .

Barker ( 1984 ) describes this as the ‘ interactive stage ’ which follows the initial ‘ passive stage ’ and is followed by the ‘ active stage ’ in which the researcher may start conducting interviews with some of the people being studied , provided of course that the role is overt .
barker ( 1984 ) describes this as the ‘ interactive stage ’ which follows the [first] ‘ passive stage ’ and is followed by the ‘ active stage ’ in which the researcher may start conducting interviews with some of the people being studied , provided of course that the role is overt .

Aenarion took the time to raise his standard , and many Elves , survivors of the initial invasion , flocked to it .
aenarion took the time to raise his standard , and many elves , survivors of the [first] invasion , flocked to it .

In the initial centuries of Bel Shanaar 's long reign the Elves busied themselves rebuilding their land and exploring the surrounding world .
in the [first] centuries of bel shanaar 's long reign the elves busied themselves rebuilding their land and exploring the surrounding world .

But the initial simple desire for change soon took on a more sinister hue when Rupert Murdoch completely switched his printing operation from Fleet Street to Wapping in the East End of London .
but the [first] simple desire for change soon took on a more sinister hue when rupert murdoch completely switched his printing operation from fleet street to wapping in the east end of london .

If your cheques say ‘ or order ’ , cross these words out and initial the amendment .
if your cheques say ‘ or order ’ , cross these words out and [first] the amendment .

Their initial growth was slow .
their [first] growth was slow .

An accurate picture of the growth of the business was revealed when the partners — although maintaining their day-to-day management intact — sold their equity to Chatles Barker in 1986 , for an initial consideration of £3.16m .
an accurate picture of the growth of the business was revealed when the partners — although maintaining their day-to-day management intact — sold their equity to chatles barker in 1986 , for an [first] consideration of £3.16m .

After initial training , the Heidrick and Struggles Associate will be expected to undertake entire search assignments with minimal supervision and coaching from the Office Manager and/or partners .
after [first] training , the heidrick and struggles associate will be expected to undertake entire search assignments with minimal supervision and coaching from the office manager and/or partners .

Although , as discussed in Chapter 4 , most search consultants encounter difficulties in attracting candidates on behalf of clients who insist on remaining anonymous for at least the initial stages of the search , many clients see this as a real plus in using headhunters in the first place .
although , as discussed in chapter 4 , most search consultants encounter difficulties in attracting candidates on behalf of clients who insist on remaining anonymous for at least the [first] stages of the search , many clients see this as a real plus in using headhunters in the first place .

At this point , planning provided little guidance to what would follow ; the difficulties of extemporizing new manoeuvres were enormous and helped to reinforce the prevailing view that the overriding aim must be an early victory obtained essentially by good initial deployment .
at this point , planning provided little guidance to what would follow ; the difficulties of extemporizing new manoeuvres were enormous and helped to reinforce the prevailing view that the overriding aim must be an early victory obtained essentially by good [first] deployment .

The initial débâcle was as much a comment on the inability of society — as of the Red Army — to withstand the blow directed against it .
the [first] débâcle was as much a comment on the inability of society — as of the red army — to withstand the blow directed against it .

After the initial fresco painting had dried , some areas requiring more detailed work were cut away , and refilled and recoloured with fresh wet plaster .
after the [first] fresco painting had dried , some areas requiring more detailed work were cut away , and refilled and recoloured with fresh wet plaster .

The initial idea of making vases out of solid stone was probably a foreign import .
the [first] idea of making vases out of solid stone was probably a foreign import .

An initial objection against any easy identification of such a privacy with consciousness is that , when driving , say , the highest level commands to turn the car , keep the accelerator depressed , etc .
an [first] objection against any easy identification of such a privacy with consciousness is that , when driving , say , the highest level commands to turn the car , keep the accelerator depressed , etc .

He stresses that these perceptual computations construct the image , which is a symbolic description ( or articulated representation ) of the scene based on the initial stimulus-array .
he stresses that these perceptual computations construct the image , which is a symbolic description ( or articulated representation ) of the scene based on the [first] stimulus-array .

These are the intuitions that give holist and individualist explanations their initial plausibility .
these are the intuitions that give holist and individualist explanations their [first] plausibility .

It now remains to ask what role is played by the state in this totality , and Poulantzas ' initial reply is quite straightforward .
it now remains to ask what role is played by the state in this totality , and poulantzas ' [first] reply is quite straightforward .

God was , for Darwin then , still the traditional good and wise creator , but one never working in so many separate acts of miraculous interference , always through the natural consequences of a few initial enactments of general causal laws : as with planetary orbits and the law of gravitation , so , Darwin insisted , with species origins and the laws of generation .
god was , for darwin then , still the traditional good and wise creator , but one never working in so many separate acts of miraculous interference , always through the natural consequences of a few [first] enactments of general causal laws : as with planetary orbits and the law of gravitation , so , darwin insisted , with species origins and the laws of generation .

These initial reflections did not include , then , any analogy between artificially and naturally selective breeding .
these [first] reflections did not include , then , any analogy between artificially and naturally selective breeding .

Whether the extinctions among neritic organisms were the consequence of regression of epicontinental seas ( Newell , 1967 ) or the widespread bottom-water anoxia characteristic of the initial phase of subsequent transgression ( Hallam , 1981c ) a significant reduction of habitat area and hence deterioration of the environment would have been produced by either phenomenon .
whether the extinctions among neritic organisms were the consequence of regression of epicontinental seas ( newell , 1967 ) or the widespread bottom-water anoxia characteristic of the [first] phase of subsequent transgression ( hallam , 1981c ) a significant reduction of habitat area and hence deterioration of the environment would have been produced by either phenomenon .

In all these cases , however , the initial trigger to change might have been physical rather than biotic .
in all these cases , however , the [first] trigger to change might have been physical rather than biotic .

Our initial attitude to a moral question , he argues , is a response to moral intuitions , or , as he put it less felicitously , ‘ gut feelings ’ ( 1981 : 4–6 ) .
our [first] attitude to a moral question , he argues , is a response to moral intuitions , or , as he put it less felicitously , ‘ gut feelings ’ ( 1981 : 4–6 ) .

For him the attraction of skyline walking is obvious — once you have made the initial effort to climb the first peak , everything else that follows is usually progressively less strenuous .
for him the attraction of skyline walking is obvious — once you have made the [first] effort to climb the first peak , everything else that follows is usually progressively less strenuous .

The extensions can be removed at any time without damaging your hair . If properly looked after , they can be re-applied at a later date without paying out the amount of your initial outlay
the extensions can be removed at any time without damaging your hair . if properly looked after , they can be re-applied at a later date without paying out the amount of your [first] outlay

Peter 's initial step in correcting this prejudice is to correct the doctrine , the way his fellow converts thought about God and his ways .
peter 's [first] step in correcting this prejudice is to correct the doctrine , the way his fellow converts thought about god and his ways .

If an issue arises where one or other marriage partner is saddened , hurt or affronted by the other , the most important initial agreement is to communicate this to the other partner as soon as it is acceptable to them both to do so .
if an issue arises where one or other marriage partner is saddened , hurt or affronted by the other , the most important [first] agreement is to communicate this to the other partner as soon as it is acceptable to them both to do so .

The initial grove of Merlin has lost the capping overhang , and the short slab to the foot of the layback groove is now a little more difficult .
the [first] grove of merlin has lost the capping overhang , and the short slab to the foot of the layback groove is now a little more difficult .

In the tear-down bay the engine is carefully dismantled and an initial ‘ eyeball ’ inspection is made to see if any snags become apparent .
in the tear-down bay the engine is carefully dismantled and an [first] ‘ eyeball ’ inspection is made to see if any snags become apparent .

Once the initial problems encountered during the first run of six aircraft had been overcome , it was assured the time limit could be met .
once the [first] problems encountered during the first run of six aircraft had been overcome , it was assured the time limit could be met .

From that initial base , it is possible in Year Two to examine particular technologies and to evaluate the benefits and economies of their implementation within a publishing operation .
from that [first] base , it is possible in year two to examine particular technologies and to evaluate the benefits and economies of their implementation within a publishing operation .

Nevertheless , some initial categorization is necessary , at the very least for convenience , but also to signal the orientation of the course , i.e .
nevertheless , some [first] categorization is necessary , at the very least for convenience , but also to signal the orientation of the course , i.e .

The Initial Interview
the [first] interview

When the whole family attends the initial interview the professional can meet all of the family members and the reason for the session can be clarified .
when the whole family attends the [first] interview the professional can meet all of the family members and the reason for the session can be clarified .

This is common at the beginning of a behaviour change programme to enhance the process and speed up the initial rate of change .
this is common at the beginning of a behaviour change programme to enhance the process and speed up the [first] rate of change .

Most parents graduate to giving one warning after the initial command so that the child has a little time in which to respond but parents need to be very careful that they do n't lapse into nagging to get the child to comply again .
most parents graduate to giving one warning after the [first] command so that the child has a little time in which to respond but parents need to be very careful that they do n't lapse into nagging to get the child to comply again .

Often the change in relationship that occurs as the parents work on the initial problem areas will generalize to other times of the day as the parent gains confidence and authority .
often the change in relationship that occurs as the parents work on the [first] problem areas will generalize to other times of the day as the parent gains confidence and authority .

Although the initial concern of weight gain may be eliminated in some cases , the parent-child relationship may need much more help ( Harris 1982 ) .
although the [first] concern of weight gain may be eliminated in some cases , the parent-child relationship may need much more help ( harris 1982 ) .

Some parents just switch off the alarm after the initial wetting , fail to change the bed , and leave the child so that there is no real opportunity for the child to learn .
some parents just switch off the alarm after the [first] wetting , fail to change the bed , and leave the child so that there is no real opportunity for the child to learn .

( 1986 ) have described a successful treatment programme using initial enemas , regular toilet sitting for five minutes morning and afternoon , plus a suppository if there was no bowel movement .
( 1986 ) have described a successful treatment programme using [first] enemas , regular toilet sitting for five minutes morning and afternoon , plus a suppository if there was no bowel movement .

The initial successes were impressive .
the [first] successes were impressive .

The advantages , however , seemed to outweigh the disadvantages in the initial period of reform .
the advantages , however , seemed to outweigh the disadvantages in the [first] period of reform .

Canteen food was the initial cause of demonstrations at Shanxi University in Taiyuan , northern China and also at Jinan , the capital of Shandong province .
canteen food was the [first] cause of demonstrations at shanxi university in taiyuan , northern china and also at jinan , the capital of shandong province .

Records kept of screaming frequency showed that there was an initial increase as Joanne ‘ worked harder ’ to re-establish her dominance .
records kept of screaming frequency showed that there was an [first] increase as joanne ‘ worked harder ’ to re-establish her dominance .

The child 's initial attempts to imitate this model should be rewarded no matter how poor these attempts may be .
the child 's [first] attempts to imitate this model should be rewarded no matter how poor these attempts may be .

This period of initial intervention should not be less than 3 weeks .
this period of [first] intervention should not be less than 3 weeks .

In this case , reducing the length of the tantrums is the initial aim rather than stopping them .
in this case , reducing the length of the tantrums is the [first] aim rather than stopping them .

In initial discussion Mr and Mrs Smith expressed their main problem in broad terms as being that they did not seem to get on well : they were always ‘ at each other 's throats ’ .
in [first] discussion mr and mrs smith expressed their main problem in broad terms as being that they did not seem to get on well : they were always ‘ at each other 's throats ’ .

Second , the action sequences which constitute social routines may provide the child with the basis for making some initial hypotheses about the relationship between syntax and meaning ( McNamara 1972 ) .
second , the action sequences which constitute social routines may provide the child with the basis for making some [first] hypotheses about the relationship between syntax and meaning ( mcnamara 1972 ) .

Word initial consonant clusters — for example , can the child pronounce the ‘ br ’ in ‘ bridge ’ ?
word [first] consonant clusters — for example , can the child pronounce the ‘ br ’ in ‘ bridge ’ ?

Since a child 's ability to produce a particular sound will vary according to the speech context ( Ingram 1976 ) , the Goldman-Fristoe test samples speech sounds in three positions within words ( initial , medial and final ) and also as they occur in sentences .
since a child 's ability to produce a particular sound will vary according to the speech context ( ingram 1976 ) , the goldman-fristoe test samples speech sounds in three positions within words ( [first] , medial and final ) and also as they occur in sentences .

The position of a phoneme in a word ( initial , medial or final ) .
the position of a phoneme in a word ( [first] , medial or final ) .

The initial section of the tunnel had to be dug by hand until there was enough space to lay the railway needed to carry the drilling rigs .
the [first] section of the tunnel had to be dug by hand until there was enough space to lay the railway needed to carry the drilling rigs .

Initial attempts at moving together in a team often cause frustration and irritation .
[first] attempts at moving together in a team often cause frustration and irritation .

This enables the leader to take any initial pull on the arm while bracing the legs and body .
this enables the leader to take any [first] pull on the arm while bracing the legs and body .

The second pitch is undoubtedly the crux , despite being much less sustained than the initial crack .
the second pitch is undoubtedly the crux , despite being much less sustained than the [first] crack .

For anyone who does a lot of knitting , the initial time spent learning how to use the program will be more than compensated for , because once you have saved your work on to disk , the same garment shape and / or stitch pattern can be used time and time again .
for anyone who does a lot of knitting , the [first] time spent learning how to use the program will be more than compensated for , because once you have saved your work on to disk , the same garment shape and / or stitch pattern can be used time and time again .

‘ Dropped Stitches ’ ( possibly named after her initial experience as a machine knitter ! )
‘ dropped stitches ’ ( possibly named after her [first] experience as a machine knitter ! )

This actually leaves me with £13 to spend on fish for my initial stocking .
this actually leaves me with £13 to spend on fish for my [first] stocking .

After the initial ‘ feeling out ’ process he will select a nest site and begin to build a nest .
after the [first] ‘ feeling out ’ process he will select a nest site and begin to build a nest .

in areas supplied by river systems , such as the Thames Valley , water can be taken from the river , used and returned to it several times with the result that much of its initial quality has been lost .
in areas supplied by river systems , such as the thames valley , water can be taken from the river , used and returned to it several times with the result that much of its [first] quality has been lost .

Perhaps the best indication is that the initial flight , which was scheduled for 20 minutes , lasted well over an hour .
perhaps the best indication is that the [first] flight , which was scheduled for 20 minutes , lasted well over an hour .

It is surmised that this had happened during the initial fitting of the rings as opposed to any stresses imposed during the crash .
it is surmised that this had happened during the [first] fitting of the rings as opposed to any stresses imposed during the crash .

The cables are worked in the same way as the first sample but after the initial six rows , the four stitches at the left are crossed , with two-over-two stitches to the right , then after another five rows , the four stitches at the right are crossed with two-over-two stitches to the left .
the cables are worked in the same way as the first sample but after the [first] six rows , the four stitches at the left are crossed , with two-over-two stitches to the right , then after another five rows , the four stitches at the right are crossed with two-over-two stitches to the left .

The assessment process begins with the initial screening of referrals by the duty officer , taking messages and doing short intake interviews .
the assessment process begins with the [first] screening of referrals by the duty officer , taking messages and doing short intake interviews .

In working with a family , after an initial assessment interview primarily with the elderly person , the social worker may find him/ herself working with :
in working with a family , after an [first] assessment interview primarily with the elderly person , the social worker may find him/ herself working with :

After the initial nationalisation programme carried out by the post-war Labour government , there was relatively little change in the frontiers between the state sector and the private sector .
after the [first] nationalisation programme carried out by the post-war labour government , there was relatively little change in the frontiers between the state sector and the private sector .

In a further move to stimulate demand for the shares , only 50p of the £1.30 share price was required as an initial payment .
in a further move to stimulate demand for the shares , only 50p of the £1.30 share price was required as an [first] payment .

To explain the nature of the Stranraer line , the initial grade up to the Pinmore tunnel is 1 in 54 and runs for about 4 miles .
to explain the nature of the stranraer line , the [first] grade up to the pinmore tunnel is 1 in 54 and runs for about 4 miles .

But then , unaccountably , its initial popularity dropped off , and it only had eight further performances that year .
but then , unaccountably , its [first] popularity dropped off , and it only had eight further performances that year .

Each woos the other 's sweetheart passionately , and after initial indignant reluctance , the girls begin to give way , much to their sweethearts ' disgust .
each woos the other 's sweetheart passionately , and after [first] indignant reluctance , the girls begin to give way , much to their sweethearts ' disgust .

According to another version of events , Mozart was visited by a ‘ mysterious stranger ’ who offered him the commission on behalf of an anonymous patron , producing the initial fee immediately .
according to another version of events , mozart was visited by a ‘ mysterious stranger ’ who offered him the commission on behalf of an anonymous patron , producing the [first] fee immediately .

After her initial prostration , Constanze proved remarkably resilient , and began to demonstrate her innate capacity for organization .
after her [first] prostration , constanze proved remarkably resilient , and began to demonstrate her innate capacity for organization .

Their initial £4m stake in Cellnet is now worth £1.15bn , one of the best investments ever made .
their [first] £4m stake in cellnet is now worth £1.15bn , one of the best investments ever made .

The net result is that once the protons have overcome the initial fusion hurdle they are converted to 4 He , radiating energy in the process .
the net result is that once the protons have overcome the [first] fusion hurdle they are converted to 4 he , radiating energy in the process .

Wanting to keep their plans secret , and convinced that ‘ no one would fund such a crazy idea ’ , they paid for the initial experiments out of their own pockets .
wanting to keep their plans secret , and convinced that ‘ no one would fund such a crazy idea ’ , they paid for the [first] experiments out of their own pockets .

But they did not , and the 2500 keV peak went into their initial submissions to journals .
but they did not , and the 2500 kev peak went into their [first] submissions to journals .

Already a fierce critic of the Premier League 's initial refusal to trim the number of clubs , Taylor has now gone on the attack over a television deal which has pumped more than £300 million into the game .
already a fierce critic of the premier league 's [first] refusal to trim the number of clubs , taylor has now gone on the attack over a television deal which has pumped more than £300 million into the game .

The new deal , if completed , will be presented to representatives of six Premier League clubs on Thursday for initial examination before it is ratified by the entire membership .
the new deal , if completed , will be presented to representatives of six premier league clubs on thursday for [first] examination before it is ratified by the entire membership .

People who took up a similar offer about four years ago are making up to five times their initial investment .
people who took up a similar offer about four years ago are making up to five times their [first] investment .

There is usually an initial charge for setting up the scheme , as well as an annual management fee .
there is usually an [first] charge for setting up the scheme , as well as an annual management fee .

Fidelity , for instance , has cut its initial fee while increasing penalties for cashing in your holding after a small number of years .
fidelity , for instance , has cut its [first] fee while increasing penalties for cashing in your holding after a small number of years .

Others , like Scottish Equitable , have done away with the initial charge but raised the annual fee .
others , like scottish equitable , have done away with the [first] charge but raised the annual fee .

One of the problems is the initial guarantee often looks attractive but only lasts for a short time .
one of the problems is the [first] guarantee often looks attractive but only lasts for a short time .

‘ The initial investment is very small but we profit from that sale and do n't have to charge any more .
‘ the [first] investment is very small but we profit from that sale and do n't have to charge any more .

Other resistances or blocks to communication can be more than an initial reluctance to talk about the main issues .
other resistances or blocks to communication can be more than an [first] reluctance to talk about the main issues .

The initial focus of family discussion is important .
the [first] focus of family discussion is important .

Reminiscence can provide the counsellor with an initial point of contact with the counsellee .
reminiscence can provide the counsellor with an [first] point of contact with the counsellee .

In doing so , the counsellor has to be careful not to be beguiled into believing the more comfortable initial reactions that many older people might present .
in doing so , the counsellor has to be careful not to be beguiled into believing the more comfortable [first] reactions that many older people might present .

She also knew that , after some initial reservations , Giancarlo had taken to her .
she also knew that , after some [first] reservations , giancarlo had taken to her .

It is of course possible that he was wrong in his initial assumption — which would explain why he never expanded his ‘ proof ’ in his notes — but we have to remember that the man was a mathematical genius .
it is of course possible that he was wrong in his [first] assumption — which would explain why he never expanded his ‘ proof ’ in his notes — but we have to remember that the man was a mathematical genius .

The second and more exciting aspect is that , when it does so , the direction of spin is not affected : if the initial spin was clockwise , it will still be clockwise even after the toy has turned over .
the second and more exciting aspect is that , when it does so , the direction of spin is not affected : if the [first] spin was clockwise , it will still be clockwise even after the toy has turned over .

When we are lucky , the orientation of spin of the resulting pulsars is such that we can place and date the initial explosion with some accuracy .
when we are lucky , the orientation of spin of the resulting pulsars is such that we can place and date the [first] explosion with some accuracy .

Continuing the theme of unusual shapes , a very popular present is a picture in the shape of an initial .
continuing the theme of unusual shapes , a very popular present is a picture in the shape of an [first] .

For example , you could create the design for a simple piece of embroidery using small sprays of pressed flowers , or make an initial design from pressed flowers that could be transferred on to squared paper and used to embroider a handkerchief Both of these ideas would make marvellous presents , and you could perhaps place the finished embroidery in a tissue-lined box that has been decorated with pressed flowers or ribbons .
for example , you could create the design for a simple piece of embroidery using small sprays of pressed flowers , or make an [first] design from pressed flowers that could be transferred on to squared paper and used to embroider a handkerchief both of these ideas would make marvellous presents , and you could perhaps place the finished embroidery in a tissue-lined box that has been decorated with pressed flowers or ribbons .

The Labour Party , after some initial ambivalence , had moved by the end of August to outright support of the war effort , accepting an electoral truce and joining with other parties to lend support to the recruiting drive .
the labour party , after some [first] ambivalence , had moved by the end of august to outright support of the war effort , accepting an electoral truce and joining with other parties to lend support to the recruiting drive .

Metal hardened by deformation can be returned to its initial soft condition by ‘ annealing ’ , that is to say by heating it until total or partial recrystallization occurs , in which case most of the excess dislocations vanish .
metal hardened by deformation can be returned to its [first] soft condition by ‘ annealing ’ , that is to say by heating it until total or partial recrystallization occurs , in which case most of the excess dislocations vanish .

For some time after the initial failure nothing very sensational or catastrophic happens , the wood just yields gradually .
for some time after the [first] failure nothing very sensational or catastrophic happens , the wood just yields gradually .

Leave until it rises to three times its initial volume , then cook in a preheated oven ( 220C/425F/Gas 7 ) for 30 mins .
leave until it rises to three times its [first] volume , then cook in a preheated oven ( 220c/425f/gas 7 ) for 30 mins .

After the initial dismay he began to wonder why nothing had been devised to protect switches .
after the [first] dismay he began to wonder why nothing had been devised to protect switches .

One was for an initial payment of £2,053.27 .
one was for an [first] payment of £2,053.27 .

The initial ‘ hurt and disappointment ’ that accompanied the realisation that he was no longer wanted at the City Ground , remains fresh in the memory .
the [first] ‘ hurt and disappointment ’ that accompanied the realisation that he was no longer wanted at the city ground , remains fresh in the memory .

And even if it does capture a market , there is always the risk it may find itself losing customers to cheaper rivals , such as tempeh and tofu , once the initial suspicions of meat alternatives are overcome .
and even if it does capture a market , there is always the risk it may find itself losing customers to cheaper rivals , such as tempeh and tofu , once the [first] suspicions of meat alternatives are overcome .

It charges an initial fee of 1 % and a 1 % annual fee .
it charges an [first] fee of 1 % and a 1 % annual fee .

Initial closing date for this offer is 2 October 1992 , and it will not be extended beyond 30 October 1992 .
[first] closing date for this offer is 2 october 1992 , and it will not be extended beyond 30 october 1992 .

The charging structure involves an initial set-up fee of £350 , an annual administration charge of ¼ % ; of fund ( minimum £100 , maximum £500 ) and an investment transaction charge for each purchase or sale .
the charging structure involves an [first] set-up fee of £350 , an annual administration charge of ¼ % ; of fund ( minimum £100 , maximum £500 ) and an investment transaction charge for each purchase or sale .

Charges are a maximum of 5 % initial and 0.9 % annual .
charges are a maximum of 5 % [first] and 0.9 % annual .

Charges are 5 % initial and 1 % annual .
charges are 5 % [first] and 1 % annual .

The absence of such courtesies during a two hour meeting suggests that the purpose of the meeting may have been the initial ‘ interrogation ’ in an accounts investigation .
the absence of such courtesies during a two hour meeting suggests that the purpose of the meeting may have been the [first] ‘ interrogation ’ in an accounts investigation .

The Commissioners awarded an initial penalty of £125 , as they were not satisfied that all reasonable steps had been taken to obtain the information .
the commissioners awarded an [first] penalty of £125 , as they were not satisfied that all reasonable steps had been taken to obtain the information .

Apart from the obvious benefits of this wider involvement the initial enquiries ensure that the questions on which the analysis will subsequently be based are realistic and important to the activity to be reviewed .
apart from the obvious benefits of this wider involvement the [first] enquiries ensure that the questions on which the analysis will subsequently be based are realistic and important to the activity to be reviewed .

After initial evaluations with various software publishers , Intergraph finally selected Tetra 's Chameleon package .
after [first] evaluations with various software publishers , intergraph finally selected tetra 's chameleon package .

Fidelity Investments has cut its initial charges on five bond funds from 5.25 % to 3.5 % .
fidelity investments has cut its [first] charges on five bond funds from 5.25 % to 3.5 % .

There are no initial units , no discontinuance charges and no surrender penalties .
there are no [first] units , no discontinuance charges and no surrender penalties .

We argue that it was a marked drop in aggregate supply , larger than the initial fall in demand and magnifying it through its knock-on effects , which caused the recession to be much deeper than expected .
we argue that it was a marked drop in aggregate supply , larger than the [first] fall in demand and magnifying it through its knock-on effects , which caused the recession to be much deeper than expected .

Furthermore , as in the case of decisions on output , a small initial deterioration in the business environment may cause what appears to be a disproportionately large reduction in bank and trade credit .
furthermore , as in the case of decisions on output , a small [first] deterioration in the business environment may cause what appears to be a disproportionately large reduction in bank and trade credit .

The interim report to 31 March 1992 explains that ‘ the new accounting policy is more appropriate to a company with Teredo 's changed direction and brings the company into line with others where the initial speculative exploration phase has been completed ’ .
the interim report to 31 march 1992 explains that ‘ the new accounting policy is more appropriate to a company with teredo 's changed direction and brings the company into line with others where the [first] speculative exploration phase has been completed ’ .

The Woolwich claimed that the capital sum was recoverable as a debt due with interest payable from the respective dates of the initial payments under the general principle of restitution .
the woolwich claimed that the capital sum was recoverable as a debt due with interest payable from the respective dates of the [first] payments under the general principle of restitution .

The sculptor begins his work with an initial ritual resembling the traditional ‘ seed-sowing ’ ceremony .
the sculptor begins his work with an [first] ritual resembling the traditional ‘ seed-sowing ’ ceremony .

An alternative theory is that all crime rises in the initial stages of industrialization and urbanization , but that thereafter violence falls while property offences continue to increase .
an alternative theory is that all crime rises in the [first] stages of industrialization and urbanization , but that thereafter violence falls while property offences continue to increase .

The initial impetus for the development of the railway came from British planters who wanted a cheaper and quicker way to transport goods to and from their plantations .
the [first] impetus for the development of the railway came from british planters who wanted a cheaper and quicker way to transport goods to and from their plantations .

The initial decision of the complainant was not without importance , for if , after hearing the evidence of witnesses , the justice of the peace decided that the case was not serious enough to be sent to a superior court , he could not then and there try it as a police court case .
the [first] decision of the complainant was not without importance , for if , after hearing the evidence of witnesses , the justice of the peace decided that the case was not serious enough to be sent to a superior court , he could not then and there try it as a police court case .

The Company 's initial order was to Brush for 32 cars of this type , but was cut down to 16 large cars and 16 smaller cars before the order was completed .
the company 's [first] order was to brush for 32 cars of this type , but was cut down to 16 large cars and 16 smaller cars before the order was completed .

Perhaps his initial success should n't have been all that surprising for he comes of good rugby stock .
perhaps his [first] success should n't have been all that surprising for he comes of good rugby stock .

Unless you are fortunate enough to work for a company that recognises this need , there are basically two options available for that initial promotion .
unless you are fortunate enough to work for a company that recognises this need , there are basically two options available for that [first] promotion .

Investment in commercial properties in enterprise zones within 10 years of the creation of the zone attracts 100 % initial allowance .
investment in commercial properties in enterprise zones within 10 years of the creation of the zone attracts 100 % [first] allowance .

He says : ‘ The initial expectation was that Eastern Europe would replay the last 30 years of telecommunications history in Western Europe , buying miles of copper cable and so on .
he says : ‘ the [first] expectation was that eastern europe would replay the last 30 years of telecommunications history in western europe , buying miles of copper cable and so on .

Brokers joining are charged an initial three month licence fee of £150 for each location , £60 a month that goes into a secure advertising fund , and 7p for each telephone enquiry .
brokers joining are charged an [first] three month licence fee of £150 for each location , £60 a month that goes into a secure advertising fund , and 7p for each telephone enquiry .

Once appointed , members operate as individuals rather than delegates and serve for an initial term of two years , which their district may then extend by two additional terms to six years in all .
once appointed , members operate as individuals rather than delegates and serve for an [first] term of two years , which their district may then extend by two additional terms to six years in all .

After initial claims that Travolta was the hero of the hour , the star ordered his Hollywood spokesman not to comment , other than to confirm the plane landed safely .
after [first] claims that travolta was the hero of the hour , the star ordered his hollywood spokesman not to comment , other than to confirm the plane landed safely .

Washington ordered the initial 1,800 heavily armed troops to sweep into the capital to save up to a million Somalis starving to death .
washington ordered the [first] 1,800 heavily armed troops to sweep into the capital to save up to a million somalis starving to death .

Her initial plan was to run right up to the birth , but on her doctor 's advice she stopped four months into the pregnancy .
her [first] plan was to run right up to the birth , but on her doctor 's advice she stopped four months into the pregnancy .

Despite our initial suspicions that the shoe 's cosmetics and relatively soft midsole material might suffer with heavy use , no problems with durability have yet been reported .
despite our [first] suspicions that the shoe 's cosmetics and relatively soft midsole material might suffer with heavy use , no problems with durability have yet been reported .

Final judgement on the others will have to be reserved until they are seen in action : initial soundings from Down Under are not unfavourable , however .
final judgement on the others will have to be reserved until they are seen in action : [first] soundings from down under are not unfavourable , however .

All the same , in spite of these initial reservations the two got on well .
all the same , in spite of these [first] reservations the two got on well .

He kept faltering badly , despite some initial optimism , and was soon more urgently dependent on Theo 's letters than ever .
he kept faltering badly , despite some [first] optimism , and was soon more urgently dependent on theo 's letters than ever .

Sabine makes the initial contact in a correspondence that flowers into an exchange of life stories and , eventually , hearts .
sabine makes the [first] contact in a correspondence that flowers into an exchange of life stories and , eventually , hearts .

When the initial excitement has subsided , settle down on your own for a closer and more critical showing . Try to view your work as dispassionately as you would any other programme you might watch on the television — but do n't be too hard on yourself , you are now comparing your efforts with the work of skilled professionals !
when the [first] excitement has subsided , settle down on your own for a closer and more critical showing . try to view your work as dispassionately as you would any other programme you might watch on the television — but do n't be too hard on yourself , you are now comparing your efforts with the work of skilled professionals !

The help , encouragement and advice we have received from the Institute , including the president on his recent visit to Leeds , from John Seear ( who provided the initial impetus ) , from the president and committee of the West Yorkshire Society of Chartered Accountants , and particularly from the Society 's administrator , Joyce Cawthra , have been heartwarming .
the help , encouragement and advice we have received from the institute , including the president on his recent visit to leeds , from john seear ( who provided the [first] impetus ) , from the president and committee of the west yorkshire society of chartered accountants , and particularly from the society 's administrator , joyce cawthra , have been heartwarming .

And although the scheme has achieved its initial objectives it presently has 85 students at 11 organisations with the majority at the National Audit Office the Institute ‘ may need to re-examine its general approach to industrial and commercial organisations ’ , if it hopes to extend the range of its training opportunities .
and although the scheme has achieved its [first] objectives it presently has 85 students at 11 organisations with the majority at the national audit office the institute ‘ may need to re-examine its general approach to industrial and commercial organisations ’ , if it hopes to extend the range of its training opportunities .

Charges are initial 5.25 % and annual 1.5 % .
charges are [first] 5.25 % and annual 1.5 % .

Hope springs — but not for the moment The outlook for the housing market is modestly optimistic — but any initial pick-up will be in higher turnover , not in higher prices
hope springs — but not for the moment the outlook for the housing market is modestly optimistic — but any [first] pick-up will be in higher turnover , not in higher prices

It has been market practice in asset-backed transactions for there to be a mechanism whereby transactions can be mopped up when the balance of performing assets falls below a given level , usually 10 % of initial principal .
it has been market practice in asset-backed transactions for there to be a mechanism whereby transactions can be mopped up when the balance of performing assets falls below a given level , usually 10 % of [first] principal .

Had the company elected to spread the initial surplus forward , the shortfall would have been sheltered , because the majority of the surplus would not yet have been released to the p & l account by the time of the next valuation .
had the company elected to spread the [first] surplus forward , the shortfall would have been sheltered , because the majority of the surplus would not yet have been released to the p & l account by the time of the next valuation .

In cases where the expenditure is incurred in the same year in which the building is brought into use , both an initial allowance and a writing-down allowance will be available .
in cases where the expenditure is incurred in the same year in which the building is brought into use , both an [first] allowance and a writing-down allowance will be available .

Businesses will be able to disclaim all or any part of the initial allowance if they wish .
businesses will be able to disclaim all or any part of the [first] allowance if they wish .

Expenditure will qualify for the new 20 % initial allowance if it is incurred under a legally binding contract made in the year ending 31 October 1993 , and the claimant was contractually committed to the expenditure by that contract .
expenditure will qualify for the new 20 % [first] allowance if it is incurred under a legally binding contract made in the year ending 31 october 1993 , and the claimant was contractually committed to the expenditure by that contract .

Such expenditure will qualify for the initial allowance where the new contract meets the conditions set out above .
such expenditure will qualify for the [first] allowance where the new contract meets the conditions set out above .

In his Autumn Statement ( p 124 ) , the Chancellor of the Exchequer raised the first year capital allowance for plant and machinery ( excluding cars ) to 40 % for 12 months from 1 November 1992 and introduced an initial allowance of 20 % for industrial and agricultural buildings where contracts are placed before 31 October 1993 and they are brought into use before the end of 1994 .
in his autumn statement ( p 124 ) , the chancellor of the exchequer raised the first year capital allowance for plant and machinery ( excluding cars ) to 40 % for 12 months from 1 november 1992 and introduced an [first] allowance of 20 % for industrial and agricultural buildings where contracts are placed before 31 october 1993 and they are brought into use before the end of 1994 .

Although the accounts were concise , the print was too small , and because of some confusion over the treatment of the initial endowment under covenant , the judges later decided that its turnover was over the £1m maximum for the category .
although the accounts were concise , the print was too small , and because of some confusion over the treatment of the [first] endowment under covenant , the judges later decided that its turnover was over the £1m maximum for the category .

Most companies will provide one-off initial sums expecting to realise the investment within three to seven years .
most companies will provide one-off [first] sums expecting to realise the investment within three to seven years .

The charges are initial 5% and annual 1% .
the charges are [first] 5% and annual 1% .

At the initial offer price for the unit trust of 50p , the estimated gross yield is 6.25 % .
at the [first] offer price for the unit trust of 50p , the estimated gross yield is 6.25 % .

Charges are 3 % initial and 1 % annual .
charges are 3 % [first] and 1 % annual .

Manx Money Market Cheque Account run by Bank of Scotland ( Isle of Man ) ( 0624 623074 ) has a minimum initial deposit of £1,000 .
manx money market cheque account run by bank of scotland ( isle of man ) ( 0624 623074 ) has a minimum [first] deposit of £1,000 .

There are no initial charges , only an annual management fee of 1 % .
there are no [first] charges , only an annual management fee of 1 % .

The initial investment can be of any size .
the [first] investment can be of any size .

It suggests an initial vetting of proposed accounting arrangements by an accountant , six-monthly checks of client accounts and a requirement for solicitors to send each five-weekly account reconciliation statement to an accountant as soon as it is produced .
it suggests an [first] vetting of proposed accounting arrangements by an accountant , six-monthly checks of client accounts and a requirement for solicitors to send each five-weekly account reconciliation statement to an accountant as soon as it is produced .

After some initial trouble with flooding from the Rother they moved to higher ground , building a large abbey which has now almost entirely vanished , and running an extensive sheep farming practice around it .
after some [first] trouble with flooding from the rother they moved to higher ground , building a large abbey which has now almost entirely vanished , and running an extensive sheep farming practice around it .

The initial proposal for transferring the religious to the larger houses to ensure a strengthened reformed monasticism was short-lived and the great houses began to surrender in 1537 , as an insurance policy against wholesale deprivation .
the [first] proposal for transferring the religious to the larger houses to ensure a strengthened reformed monasticism was short-lived and the great houses began to surrender in 1537 , as an insurance policy against wholesale deprivation .

Much of the initial capital was probably raised by local grandees like the Duke of Somerset at Petworth from the profits of estate management .
much of the [first] capital was probably raised by local grandees like the duke of somerset at petworth from the profits of estate management .

One of the charities benefiting is the UK-based Oxfam will get an initial £637,000 .
one of the charities benefiting is the uk-based oxfam will get an [first] £637,000 .

One of the charities benefitting is the UK-based Oxfam which will get an initial £637,000 .
one of the charities benefitting is the uk-based oxfam which will get an [first] £637,000 .

At the age of 19 he sat the Queen 's Scholarship Examination , which he would have to pass if he wished to pursue any form of teacher-training after the initial apprenticeship .
at the age of 19 he sat the queen 's scholarship examination , which he would have to pass if he wished to pursue any form of teacher-training after the [first] apprenticeship .

Jane Bradford , head of NatWest 's small business service , said people who had been unemployed possibly took more care over the initial planning , or were less likely to be optimistic than those who had quit their jobs .
jane bradford , head of natwest 's small business service , said people who had been unemployed possibly took more care over the [first] planning , or were less likely to be optimistic than those who had quit their jobs .

Application can , of course , lead to reappraisal , just as empirical evidence in other areas of research can lead to a reformulation or abandonment of initial hypotheses .
application can , of course , lead to reappraisal , just as empirical evidence in other areas of research can lead to a reformulation or abandonment of [first] hypotheses .

In view of this , it seems clear that pre-service or initial preparation needs to pay particular attention to training .
in view of this , it seems clear that pre-service or [first] preparation needs to pay particular attention to training .

To keep initial setting-up costs to a minimum , all the office equipment — fax , personal computer and printer — is being purchased on three-year leases .
to keep [first] setting-up costs to a minimum , all the office equipment — fax , personal computer and printer — is being purchased on three-year leases .

Usually , an initial charge is only payable on managed funds , but managers charge an annual management fee on both managed and individual classes .
usually , an [first] charge is only payable on managed funds , but managers charge an annual management fee on both managed and individual classes .

There are no initial or switching charges ; the annual management fee is 0.75 % for the individual currency classes and 1.5 % for the managed currency classes .
there are no [first] or switching charges ; the annual management fee is 0.75 % for the individual currency classes and 1.5 % for the managed currency classes .

The initial charges on the umbrella fund are 5.75 % for equity funds and an annual 1.75 % for the Templeton Emerging Markets Fund .
the [first] charges on the umbrella fund are 5.75 % for equity funds and an annual 1.75 % for the templeton emerging markets fund .

The costs will be kept low — less than 2.5 % of initial expenses and 0.4 % annual management charge .
the costs will be kept low — less than 2.5 % of [first] expenses and 0.4 % annual management charge .

In the Fox case , although there was an initial hearing before the Special Commissioner , it was decided that the case should be heard before the Lands Tribunal as the matter involved the valuation of land .
in the fox case , although there was an [first] hearing before the special commissioner , it was decided that the case should be heard before the lands tribunal as the matter involved the valuation of land .

Despite initial fears , agencies now speak highly of the effectiveness of the Support Force had in pushing forward the reforms .
despite [first] fears , agencies now speak highly of the effectiveness of the support force had in pushing forward the reforms .

Our results indicate that , just as activated c-Myc expression may be important in determining the initial sensitivity of tumours to drugs , so Bcl-2 deregulation , by blocking programmed cell death , may lead to drug resistance .
our results indicate that , just as activated c-myc expression may be important in determining the [first] sensitivity of tumours to drugs , so bcl-2 deregulation , by blocking programmed cell death , may lead to drug resistance .

The amplitude of the initial unresolved step is 1.85x10 -6 Hz , and that of the short-term asymptotic rise is 0.7x10 -6 Hz .
the amplitude of the [first] unresolved step is 1.85x10 -6 hz , and that of the short-term asymptotic rise is 0.7x10 -6 hz .

Although the wound circumference has shortened by this stage to about ⅓ of its initial length , the individual cells at the wound margin do not appear narrowed .
although the wound circumference has shortened by this stage to about ⅓ of its [first] length , the individual cells at the wound margin do not appear narrowed .

This behaviour is attributed to an initial charge transfer from the alkali adatom to the transition metal , which is then reversed at high coverages as the adlayer changes from cationic to covalent or metallic behaviour .
this behaviour is attributed to an [first] charge transfer from the alkali adatom to the transition metal , which is then reversed at high coverages as the adlayer changes from cationic to covalent or metallic behaviour .

Initial conditions for the chemical constituents were taken from two-dimensional model results and adjusted to be consistent with recent observations .
[first] conditions for the chemical constituents were taken from two-dimensional model results and adjusted to be consistent with recent observations .

Initial ozone concentrations were taken from a mid-December climatology .
[first] ozone concentrations were taken from a mid-december climatology .

All the simulations used the same zonally symmetric chemical initial conditions .
all the simulations used the same zonally symmetric chemical [first] conditions .

The direction and latency of the initial fixation shift is recorded .
the direction and latency of the [first] fixation shift is recorded .

The relative initial velocity of channel activation by cGMP was plotted against the concentration of cGMP either in the presence ( i ) or absence ( ○ ) of calmodulin .
the relative [first] velocity of channel activation by cgmp was plotted against the concentration of cgmp either in the presence ( i ) or absence ( ○ ) of calmodulin .

Similarly , assuming that magnetizations in the microdiorite dykes were acquired during initial stages of brittle deformation , we interpret these data as demonstrating that the South Mountains footwall has not been significantly tilted after the brittle stages of deformation .
similarly , assuming that magnetizations in the microdiorite dykes were acquired during [first] stages of brittle deformation , we interpret these data as demonstrating that the south mountains footwall has not been significantly tilted after the brittle stages of deformation .

We find that the delineation of the synaptic zone by the localization of adhesion molecules and the initial phase of gluR expression are both innervation-independent .
we find that the delineation of the synaptic zone by the localization of adhesion molecules and the [first] phase of glur expression are both innervation-independent .

In initial stages , as reported for both Xenopus and mouse embryos treated with retinoic acid , we find that although there is a clearly defined segment in the r3 position , the r3 stripe of Krox-20 expression is absent .
in [first] stages , as reported for both xenopus and mouse embryos treated with retinoic acid , we find that although there is a clearly defined segment in the r3 position , the r3 stripe of krox-20 expression is absent .

Understanding of the initial radiation of brachiopods is improving , especially with the description of supposedly enigmatic groups .
understanding of the [first] radiation of brachiopods is improving , especially with the description of supposedly enigmatic groups .

The impulse has been interpreted as the initial vertical momentum of the impactor , which implies a bolide kinetic energy of 4 x10 25 erg .
the impulse has been interpreted as the [first] vertical momentum of the impactor , which implies a bolide kinetic energy of 4 x10 25 erg .

All cases correspond to an initial kinetic energy at h=100 km of 15Mton .
all cases correspond to an [first] kinetic energy at h=100 km of 15mton .

The three asteroids have initial velocities of 15kms -1 , the median impact velocity for Earth-crossing asteroids .
the three asteroids have [first] velocities of 15kms -1 , the median impact velocity for earth-crossing asteroids .

1 a peak , objects have typically spread to 5–10 times their initial linear dimensions .
1 a peak , objects have typically spread to 5–10 times their [first] linear dimensions .

It is not clear at what ( spreading ) radius greater than a bolide 's initial radius the collective bow-shock approximation breaks down .
it is not clear at what ( spreading ) radius greater than a bolide 's [first] radius the collective bow-shock approximation breaks down .

This ambiguity does not greatly alter our conclusions regarding airburst altitude : once an object has spread to , say , twice its initial radius , its further spreading happens so quickly that an ‘ explosion altitude ’ is defined to within a few kilometres , regardless of whether the explosion is taken to occur then or when the object has spread to 5–10 times its initial radius .
this ambiguity does not greatly alter our conclusions regarding airburst altitude : once an object has spread to , say , twice its [first] radius , its further spreading happens so quickly that an ‘ explosion altitude ’ is defined to within a few kilometres , regardless of whether the explosion is taken to occur then or when the object has spread to 5–10 times its [first] radius .

Results for four initial values of , 15° , 30° , 45° and 90° are given .
results for four [first] values of , 15° , 30° , 45° and 90° are given .

We model Revelstoke as a carbonaceous chondrite ( as in Table 1 ) , moving at 15kms -1 with an initial kinetic energy of 20kton ( corresponding to a cylinder of initial radius r=3.8 m ) and =15° .
we model revelstoke as a carbonaceous chondrite ( as in table 1 ) , moving at 15kms -1 with an [first] kinetic energy of 20kton ( corresponding to a cylinder of [first] radius r=3.8 m ) and =15° .

The 1989–90 period was marked by initial gravity increase ( up to 100μGal ) at stations near the summit ( June-November 1989 ) followed by decreases of similar magnitude ( November 1989-June 1990 ) .
the 1989–90 period was marked by [first] gravity increase ( up to 100μgal ) at stations near the summit ( june-november 1989 ) followed by decreases of similar magnitude ( november 1989-june 1990 ) .

Because fetal mesenchyme is likely to consist of a heterogeneous mixture of cells , we investigated the mesenchymal components required for the initial stages of thymopoiesis .
because fetal mesenchyme is likely to consist of a heterogeneous mixture of cells , we investigated the mesenchymal components required for the [first] stages of thymopoiesis .

An unexplored way to distinguish these competing models may be to switch from examining the contemporary costs of male traits and the benefits of female preferences for them , and to consider instead the costliness of traits during the initial stages of their evolution .
an unexplored way to distinguish these competing models may be to switch from examining the contemporary costs of male traits and the benefits of female preferences for them , and to consider instead the costliness of traits during the [first] stages of their evolution .

But in other families where flight is less important and both streamers and graduated tails have evolved , our analysis suggests that during their initial evolution , streamers would have been relatively poor indicators of male quality .
but in other families where flight is less important and both streamers and graduated tails have evolved , our analysis suggests that during their [first] evolution , streamers would have been relatively poor indicators of male quality .

Thus Fisherian models could account for their initial elaboration , but good genes models probably could not .
thus fisherian models could account for their [first] elaboration , but good genes models probably could not .

The intensity of the field is generally weak , falling to 10–20 % of the initial strength over most of the Earth 's surface , but in places it rises to high values .
the intensity of the field is generally weak , falling to 10–20 % of the [first] strength over most of the earth 's surface , but in places it rises to high values .

During the period 20–5Myr ago , the Nazca Plate had passed the initial stage of subduction and was 55–65Myr old at the trench ; it was therefore too old and cold for melting to occur before dehydration .
during the period 20–5myr ago , the nazca plate had passed the [first] stage of subduction and was 55–65myr old at the trench ; it was therefore too old and cold for melting to occur before dehydration .

Those who put up $ 1,000 when Microsoft made its initial public offering in March 1986 are now sitting on $ 15,500 .
those who put up $ 1,000 when microsoft made its [first] public offering in march 1986 are now sitting on $ 15,500 .

Not all life sentence prisoners follow the same ‘ career path ’ through prison but most spend three to four years in two initial centres , then progress to training prisons and — possibly — open prisons before a final release date is in sight .
not all life sentence prisoners follow the same ‘ career path ’ through prison but most spend three to four years in two [first] centres , then progress to training prisons and — possibly — open prisons before a final release date is in sight .

This proved in itself a major revolution , not only for the liturgy , but also for clerical life , even if the initial rather clumsy practice of massive concelebration by all priests present at any Mass itself expressed over-forcibly a clergy-laity divide and has later tended to give way — except for certain symbolic occasions ( e.g .
this proved in itself a major revolution , not only for the liturgy , but also for clerical life , even if the [first] rather clumsy practice of massive concelebration by all priests present at any mass itself expressed over-forcibly a clergy-laity divide and has later tended to give way — except for certain symbolic occasions ( e.g .

But theoretically , the significance was still greater : the traditional Western bar on the ordination of the married had always applied to the diaconate as much as to the priesthood ( and for the same initial reason : marriage involving the practice of sex was regarded as causing pollution ) .
but theoretically , the significance was still greater : the traditional western bar on the ordination of the married had always applied to the diaconate as much as to the priesthood ( and for the same [first] reason : marriage involving the practice of sex was regarded as causing pollution ) .

’ So ended his initial socialist heroic conception of the criminal .
’ so ended his [first] socialist heroic conception of the criminal .

This was perhaps aided by the fact that the ‘ criminals ’ who were the initial focus of attention ( counter-culture drug-takers , radical protesters against the Vietnam war and in favour of civil rights ) were rather easier to romanticise about .
this was perhaps aided by the fact that the ‘ criminals ’ who were the [first] focus of attention ( counter-culture drug-takers , radical protesters against the vietnam war and in favour of civil rights ) were rather easier to romanticise about .

Nobody likes to be inspected and we 've had to get over that initial hurdle .
nobody likes to be inspected and we 've had to get over that [first] hurdle .

However , the initial Application Linking specification will possess object-like characteristics to allow for further developments and support for Object Group 's Object Request Broker Architecture .
however , the [first] application linking specification will possess object-like characteristics to allow for further developments and support for object group 's object request broker architecture .

Consideration of the nature of hypocrisy in Macbeth reinforces our awareness that Shakespeare connects it with all other forms of evil , the initial dissimulation leading to treason , regicide , and the never-ending chain of murder by which Macbeth destroys the whole of Scotland : Macbeth , having used fraud and force to obtain power , must now use force openly .
consideration of the nature of hypocrisy in macbeth reinforces our awareness that shakespeare connects it with all other forms of evil , the [first] dissimulation leading to treason , regicide , and the never-ending chain of murder by which macbeth destroys the whole of scotland : macbeth , having used fraud and force to obtain power , must now use force openly .

The function of hypocrisy in the initial stage of usurping legitimacy is now clear ; once it has gained its desires , evil can afford to declare itself .
the function of hypocrisy in the [first] stage of usurping legitimacy is now clear ; once it has gained its desires , evil can afford to declare itself .

Five of the initial appointees were from supply companies , five from public electricity authorities , while one was from the engineering industry , two from the trade unions and one from the civil service .
five of the [first] appointees were from supply companies , five from public electricity authorities , while one was from the engineering industry , two from the trade unions and one from the civil service .

Because of the delays in appointments to the Area Boards , much of the initial planning work on organisation had to be done centrally , but the chairmen were soon stoutly defending their autonomy .
because of the delays in appointments to the area boards , much of the [first] planning work on organisation had to be done centrally , but the chairmen were soon stoutly defending their autonomy .

Moreover , many domestic consumers were on tariffs in which extra kWhs purchased were cheaper than the initial units .
moreover , many domestic consumers were on tariffs in which extra kwhs purchased were cheaper than the [first] units .

Under a block tariff , the initial kWh purchased carried a high price , but if consumption increased the extra blocks of kWh were charged at a significantly lower rate .
under a block tariff , the [first] kwh purchased carried a high price , but if consumption increased the extra blocks of kwh were charged at a significantly lower rate .

On average , says the study , buying a share at its initial offering and holding it for three years yielded a total return ( dividends plus capital growth ) of just 8 % .
on average , says the study , buying a share at its [first] offering and holding it for three years yielded a total return ( dividends plus capital growth ) of just 8 % .

Though initial offerings in a handful of years did buck this trend , they did so by tiny amounts .
though [first] offerings in a handful of years did buck this trend , they did so by tiny amounts .

Interestingly , initial offerings that reverse leveraged buy-outs — a fast-growing category , especially in America — seem to perform better than average .
interestingly , [first] offerings that reverse leveraged buy-outs — a fast-growing category , especially in america — seem to perform better than average .

The timing of initial offerings is the crucial factor in both countries .
the timing of [first] offerings is the crucial factor in both countries .

Santa Cruz Operation Inc , Santa Cruz home of desktop and low-end Unix , got its initial public offering of 6m shares , 3.6m of them new , away at $ 12.50 a share , to raise about $ 41.1m net , for which the company did not give plans .
santa cruz operation inc , santa cruz home of desktop and low-end unix , got its [first] public offering of 6m shares , 3.6m of them new , away at $ 12.50 a share , to raise about $ 41.1m net , for which the company did not give plans .

On June 2nd it was announced that Mr Soros 's Quantum Fund would form a partnership with British Land , a property firm , to invest an initial £500m in British commercial property .
on june 2nd it was announced that mr soros 's quantum fund would form a partnership with british land , a property firm , to invest an [first] £500m in british commercial property .

The initial stages of negotiating the nature of the family therapy , and why the family needs it , must be extremely important .
the [first] stages of negotiating the nature of the family therapy , and why the family needs it , must be extremely important .

They found that 161 of the children were admitted , and for the remaining 200 children the initial decision was that they should not come into care although subsequently a significant proportion did .
they found that 161 of the children were admitted , and for the remaining 200 children the [first] decision was that they should not come into care although subsequently a significant proportion did .

The compulsory and emergency nature of the initial admission , however , is no different from the trend in current practice .
the compulsory and emergency nature of the [first] admission , however , is no different from the trend in current practice .

The campaign was launched via an article in the Birmingham Mail with a promise from Mrs Whitehouse to hold the initial meeting in Birmingham Town Hall . The meeting took place on 5 May 1964 and was attended by approximately 2000 people , causing The Times to comment :
the campaign was launched via an article in the birmingham mail with a promise from mrs whitehouse to hold the [first] meeting in birmingham town hall . the meeting took place on 5 may 1964 and was attended by approximately 2000 people , causing the times to comment :

Rather , it is to say that Gusfield 's theory may continue to have explanatory power , particularly with regard to the initial motivation of participants in such a movement , and that where Wallis ' work is important is in pointing to the cultural concerns that may also underpin the rise of specific moral entrepreneurial groups .
rather , it is to say that gusfield 's theory may continue to have explanatory power , particularly with regard to the [first] motivation of participants in such a movement , and that where wallis ' work is important is in pointing to the cultural concerns that may also underpin the rise of specific moral entrepreneurial groups .

The months after the initial furore over the Report 's publication were fairly quiet , particularly as far as the possibilities of legislation on the matter were concerned .
the months after the [first] furore over the report 's publication were fairly quiet , particularly as far as the possibilities of legislation on the matter were concerned .

This will be particularly true in the final years of school and in the initial preparation of an individual transition plan .
this will be particularly true in the final years of school and in the [first] preparation of an individual transition plan .

Without initial support , this transition would have been impractical .
without [first] support , this transition would have been impractical .

Our college 's initial provision for ‘ students with special needs ’ was established in 1978 — a ‘ discrete ’ course for students with moderate learning difficulties or , in some instances , school leavers from high schools who needed extra support before joining training schemes .
our college 's [first] provision for ‘ students with special needs ’ was established in 1978 — a ‘ discrete ’ course for students with moderate learning difficulties or , in some instances , school leavers from high schools who needed extra support before joining training schemes .

Balbinder was the subject of a Statement and Elizabeth Grugeon charts the process from an initial expression of concern about Balbinder 's lack of progress by the primary school to his transfer to a special school for pupils categorised as having ‘ moderate learning difficulties ’ .
balbinder was the subject of a statement and elizabeth grugeon charts the process from an [first] expression of concern about balbinder 's lack of progress by the primary school to his transfer to a special school for pupils categorised as having ‘ moderate learning difficulties ’ .

March 3 : The initial meeting
march 3 : the [first] meeting

There would be twenty-nine days between the initial letter from County Hall and any action .
there would be twenty-nine days between the [first] letter from county hall and any action .

The head attempted to explain to Mrs Singh how children have to learn the initial sounds of words and how having two languages can impede this .
the head attempted to explain to mrs singh how children have to learn the [first] sounds of words and how having two languages can impede this .

On the other hand , refusal to cooperate would have been perceived by the professionals as reinforcing the latter 's initial perceptions .
on the other hand , refusal to cooperate would have been perceived by the professionals as reinforcing the latter 's [first] perceptions .

The process of supplanting their initial unconscious caricature of school with a kaleidoscope of skills and attitudes that can be shaken into a host of new shapes to meet new needs is an unprecedented and , for most students , a painful one .
the process of supplanting their [first] unconscious caricature of school with a kaleidoscope of skills and attitudes that can be shaken into a host of new shapes to meet new needs is an unprecedented and , for most students , a painful one .

Teachers , enjoying tenure , will resist any radical departure from the attitudes and practices they acquired in initial training and , more particularly , during probation : nobody wants their own established expertise threatened .
teachers , enjoying tenure , will resist any radical departure from the attitudes and practices they acquired in [first] training and , more particularly , during probation : nobody wants their own established expertise threatened .

An initial inspection of the loco , still in impeccable condition externally , has revealed a few problems and it is hoped that the Standard will be back in service sooner than the two to three years expected for overhaul .
an [first] inspection of the loco , still in impeccable condition externally , has revealed a few problems and it is hoped that the standard will be back in service sooner than the two to three years expected for overhaul .

My initial question was answered and these dedicated crew members who give so much time so freely can only be described as the salt of the earth .
my [first] question was answered and these dedicated crew members who give so much time so freely can only be described as the salt of the earth .

The initial crisis of the reign was succeeded by a period of prolonged negotiations .
the [first] crisis of the reign was succeeded by a period of prolonged negotiations .

There is an initial paradox here of some importance for the future : the monastic life which he found at Canterbury appeared to him so decayed that it needed a new beginning , yet he did not sweep it away and establish an up-to-date archiepiscopal church served by a community of secular clerks , on the pattern of Rouen or Lyons or most other cathedral churches in Europe .
there is an [first] paradox here of some importance for the future : the monastic life which he found at canterbury appeared to him so decayed that it needed a new beginning , yet he did not sweep it away and establish an up-to-date archiepiscopal church served by a community of secular clerks , on the pattern of rouen or lyons or most other cathedral churches in europe .

Framing the articles of incorporation for the non-profit foundation and its initial policies has been the responsibility of Dr Steven Mansbach , currently Associate Dean of the National Gallery of Art 's Center for Advanced Studies in the Visual Arts .
framing the articles of incorporation for the non-profit foundation and its [first] policies has been the responsibility of dr steven mansbach , currently associate dean of the national gallery of art 's center for advanced studies in the visual arts .

Initial fears that the major fire which raged at Windsor Castle over 20 and 21 November would lead to catastrophic losses of works of art were not realised .
[first] fears that the major fire which raged at windsor castle over 20 and 21 november would lead to catastrophic losses of works of art were not realised .

The initial phase will concentrate on the monuments housed in the churches and subject them to dusting , washing and cleaning .
the [first] phase will concentrate on the monuments housed in the churches and subject them to dusting , washing and cleaning .

After an initial flirtation with Dick Tracy and a few others , however , Warhol plunged irretrievably into the vast sea of photographs for raw material .
after an [first] flirtation with dick tracy and a few others , however , warhol plunged irretrievably into the vast sea of photographs for raw material .

Juan Atkins gave all the major Motor City movers their initial recording breaks — Anderson , May and Fowlkes were all released first on Metroplex .
juan atkins gave all the major motor city movers their [first] recording breaks — anderson , may and fowlkes were all released first on metroplex .

Anyone with a slightly cynical bent would have initial difficulty being convinced by the Inspirals ' contentment with their shrunken market — as someone who last saw the Inspirals dwarfed by a wealth of pyrotechnics and gargantuan lighting at Reading , your correspondent can only assert the view that their new scaled-down persona does them more than a few favours .
anyone with a slightly cynical bent would have [first] difficulty being convinced by the inspirals ' contentment with their shrunken market — as someone who last saw the inspirals dwarfed by a wealth of pyrotechnics and gargantuan lighting at reading , your correspondent can only assert the view that their new scaled-down persona does them more than a few favours .

The initial stages of training are not exactly kind but there is no other way of breaking a fully grown elephant .
the [first] stages of training are not exactly kind but there is no other way of breaking a fully grown elephant .

At this point it should be remembered that the proportion of the population which any particular age cohort constitutes during its lifetime is not only or indeed not mainly a function of its own initial size and subsequent mortality rate : it also depends upon the absolute size of all other cohorts and their mortality rates .
at this point it should be remembered that the proportion of the population which any particular age cohort constitutes during its lifetime is not only or indeed not mainly a function of its own [first] size and subsequent mortality rate : it also depends upon the absolute size of all other cohorts and their mortality rates .

The initial half-mile section will be the first part of the Railway 's plans to lay south , operations initially taking the form of ‘ topping and tailing ’ , the normal four-coach service train with a second locomotive , subject to final Department of Transport agreement .
the [first] half-mile section will be the first part of the railway 's plans to lay south , operations initially taking the form of ‘ topping and tailing ’ , the normal four-coach service train with a second locomotive , subject to final department of transport agreement .

Negotiations have also commenced with the local authorities regarding the railway 's long term aids — to relay the track a further three miles to the outskirts of Bath — and initial reactions to these plans have been encouraging .
negotiations have also commenced with the local authorities regarding the railway 's long term aids — to relay the track a further three miles to the outskirts of bath — and [first] reactions to these plans have been encouraging .

The Carré d'Art has cost FFr383 million ( $ 70 million ) against initial estimates of FFr360 million , of which the town has provided FFr278 million , the Region Languedoc-Roussillon FFr32 million , the Ministère de la Culture and Secretariat d'Etat aux Grands Travaux , FFr5 million , the Direction des Musées de France FFr46.77 million and the Direction des Livres et de la Lecture , FFr21.22 million .
the carré d'art has cost ffr383 million ( $ 70 million ) against [first] estimates of ffr360 million , of which the town has provided ffr278 million , the region languedoc-roussillon ffr32 million , the ministère de la culture and secretariat d'etat aux grands travaux , ffr5 million , the direction des musées de france ffr46.77 million and the direction des livres et de la lecture , ffr21.22 million .

This concession will be granted for an initial period of five years with possible extension after that .
this concession will be granted for an [first] period of five years with possible extension after that .

Initial plans to tour the exhibition to Russia , and to show the entire span of the artist 's activities , have now been shelved .
[first] plans to tour the exhibition to russia , and to show the entire span of the artist 's activities , have now been shelved .

‘ Campaign for Oxford ’ initially aimed to raise £220 million in five years , extending this after initial success to a six-year campaign totalling £340 million .
‘ campaign for oxford ’ initially aimed to raise £220 million in five years , extending this after [first] success to a six-year campaign totalling £340 million .

Eventually , however , the common external tariff and the abolition of internal customs duties were introduced in January 1948 , but this did not fulfil the initial optimism .
eventually , however , the common external tariff and the abolition of internal customs duties were introduced in january 1948 , but this did not fulfil the [first] optimism .

Neil Williams ( see the September issue ) was flying it for him and , the initial tests complete and the aeroplane signed off by Mike Searle , Spencer was ready for his first sortie .
neil williams ( see the september issue ) was flying it for him and , the [first] tests complete and the aeroplane signed off by mike searle , spencer was ready for his first sortie .

Within a split second of the initial shock , bodies were running in all directions .
within a split second of the [first] shock , bodies were running in all directions .

Spitfire restorations to airworthy status have notoriously exceeded initial estimates of timing and cost , irrespective of start point condition .
spitfire restorations to airworthy status have notoriously exceeded [first] estimates of timing and cost , irrespective of start point condition .

After the initial roll-out , the first assembled airframes were dis-assembled for secret shipment out to the Army Air Force flight test facility at Muroc Dry Lake ( now Edwards Air Force Base ) in California , re-assembled and prepared for flight .
after the [first] roll-out , the first assembled airframes were dis-assembled for secret shipment out to the army air force flight test facility at muroc dry lake ( now edwards air force base ) in california , re-assembled and prepared for flight .

It was a month since he had made the initial transfer .
it was a month since he had made the [first] transfer .

They make it clear to us that painting is a challenging process of continual decision-making — what to paint , how to apply the characteristics of the medium to the subject , how to retain the initial idea , or convey a particular mood .
they make it clear to us that painting is a challenging process of continual decision-making — what to paint , how to apply the characteristics of the medium to the subject , how to retain the [first] idea , or convey a particular mood .

Steve heads off , his initial rush slowing as the difficulties mount .
steve heads off , his [first] rush slowing as the difficulties mount .

‘ It has rock so easy for initial routes that every time you reach up there 's a hold .
‘ it has rock so easy for [first] routes that every time you reach up there 's a hold .

The initial pitches gave easy climbing up the low angled base , but as usual with routes having ( F6a ) and ( F6b ) moves , there were only two or three bolts a long way apart .
the [first] pitches gave easy climbing up the low angled base , but as usual with routes having ( f6a ) and ( f6b ) moves , there were only two or three bolts a long way apart .

Reportedly , initial thought was given to trying to recover actual Japanese aircraft from various islands in the South Pacific .
reportedly , [first] thought was given to trying to recover actual japanese aircraft from various islands in the south pacific .

Museum locations are often shortened after the initial reference .
museum locations are often shortened after the [first] reference .

Three further development machines were part of the initial production batch of 200 Firefly F.1s for which a contract had been signed on June 12 , 1940 .
three further development machines were part of the [first] production batch of 200 firefly f.1s for which a contract had been signed on june 12 , 1940 .

After their initial meeting they reconvened in March 1838 and lobbied parliament heavily .
after their [first] meeting they reconvened in march 1838 and lobbied parliament heavily .

In this movement , Hegel saw the very rhythm of reality itself , both as a whole and in every part , and also the dynamics of knowledge and understanding by which the initial gulf between subject and object is bridged in genuine synthesis , the act of cognition .
in this movement , hegel saw the very rhythm of reality itself , both as a whole and in every part , and also the dynamics of knowledge and understanding by which the [first] gulf between subject and object is bridged in genuine synthesis , the act of cognition .

Auspex Systems Inc , the Santa Clara , California developer of dedicated Network File System servers , got its initial public offering of 5m shares , 2.66m of them new , away at $ 12 a share , and plans to use the $ 30m or so net proceeds for working capital .
auspex systems inc , the santa clara , california developer of dedicated network file system servers , got its [first] public offering of 5m shares , 2.66m of them new , away at $ 12 a share , and plans to use the $ 30m or so net proceeds for working capital .

Lead underwriters to the initial public offering were Goldman Sachs & Co and Hambrecht & Quist Inc .
lead underwriters to the [first] public offering were goldman sachs & co and hambrecht & quist inc .

The initial political and social fears of the masses had always been accompanied by a dread of their cultural impact and by a conviction that civilized values and standards could not possibly survive .
the [first] political and social fears of the masses had always been accompanied by a dread of their cultural impact and by a conviction that civilized values and standards could not possibly survive .

Films could be shown anywhere but the early film theatres very rapidly shunned any initial anonymity .
films could be shown anywhere but the early film theatres very rapidly shunned any [first] anonymity .

The showmen created an entertainment and annexed an audience in a spectacular initial burst , but , of course , they were not operating in a vacuum and there was one major hurdle that had to be overcome before their victory could be regarded as complete and of permanent rather than fleeting significance .
the showmen created an entertainment and annexed an audience in a spectacular [first] burst , but , of course , they were not operating in a vacuum and there was one major hurdle that had to be overcome before their victory could be regarded as complete and of permanent rather than fleeting significance .

The industry was launched by the support of the common people or the ‘ thick-eared ’ as they were bluntly described , but after the initial breakthrough it was soon realized that the only obvious way of increasing audiences significantly was by overcoming the objections and suspicions of the respectable .
the industry was launched by the support of the common people or the ‘ thick-eared ’ as they were bluntly described , but after the [first] breakthrough it was soon realized that the only obvious way of increasing audiences significantly was by overcoming the objections and suspicions of the respectable .

They clambered to respectability by continually putting their own house in order , and in a way the battle to bring in not only the middle classes but the religious , the political , and the serious-minded took far more energy and ingenuity than winning that initial mass audience .
they clambered to respectability by continually putting their own house in order , and in a way the battle to bring in not only the middle classes but the religious , the political , and the serious-minded took far more energy and ingenuity than winning that [first] mass audience .

The initial mass audience had obviously loved short films and especially comedies but there had never been that much attention given to content as novelty value guaranteed that every film would made money .
the [first] mass audience had obviously loved short films and especially comedies but there had never been that much attention given to content as novelty value guaranteed that every film would made money .

Sennett was the initial genius who taught the others that anything ought to be tried that produced laughter and that the ultimate test was whether any movie actually worked for audiences .
sennett was the [first] genius who taught the others that anything ought to be tried that produced laughter and that the ultimate test was whether any movie actually worked for audiences .

As one would expect , training programmes , after an initial emphasis on ethics and aspects of the situation ( e.g .
as one would expect , training programmes , after an [first] emphasis on ethics and aspects of the situation ( e.g .

The simplicity of our initial beliefs about how signs might be used to alleviate the plight of deaf pupils was quickly overwhelmed when we realised the extensiveness of sign language itself .
the simplicity of our [first] beliefs about how signs might be used to alleviate the plight of deaf pupils was quickly overwhelmed when we realised the extensiveness of sign language itself .

In the end , the understandings we have offered here came about indirectly from the actual learning process itself and contact with the deaf community as much as from the direct questioning we felt necessary at the initial stage .
in the end , the understandings we have offered here came about indirectly from the actual learning process itself and contact with the deaf community as much as from the direct questioning we felt necessary at the [first] stage .

An attractive exposed aggregate look can be created by brushing the surface with a stiff household broom about an hour after initial watering and rolling .
an attractive exposed aggregate look can be created by brushing the surface with a stiff household broom about an hour after [first] watering and rolling .

It is pointless to invite children to question if they are never challenged to test , and so justify , their initial findings .
it is pointless to invite children to question if they are never challenged to test , and so justify , their [first] findings .

If understanding the way children think , how they respond to experience and how adults can identify the messages which children give through their behaviour , are central to the teacher 's art , then initial teacher training should offer more than lip service to classroom experience .
if understanding the way children think , how they respond to experience and how adults can identify the messages which children give through their behaviour , are central to the teacher 's art , then [first] teacher training should offer more than lip service to classroom experience .

If teacher training is about preparing young men and women to work sensitively to children 's needs , and to provide a work force of newly trained teachers who are able to fit into schools effectively , the way in which initial teacher education is developing deserves careful reappraisal .
if teacher training is about preparing young men and women to work sensitively to children 's needs , and to provide a work force of newly trained teachers who are able to fit into schools effectively , the way in which [first] teacher education is developing deserves careful reappraisal .

Students spend more years on initial training courses than they have ever done .
students spend more years on [first] training courses than they have ever done .

Ideally as we get more and more teachers involved in the work we do , initial training will be based even more firmly upon school experience .
ideally as we get more and more teachers involved in the work we do , [first] training will be based even more firmly upon school experience .

Those responsible for initial teacher training can not hope to find time or personnel for the additional input which would be required .
those responsible for [first] teacher training can not hope to find time or personnel for the additional input which would be required .

OPTi Inc , Santa Clara manufacturer of core logic chip sets for personal computers , got its initial public offering of 2.5m shares , 2m of them new , away at $ 10 a share and plans to use the $ 9.5m or so net proceeds to finance accounts receivable and inventory .
opti inc , santa clara manufacturer of core logic chip sets for personal computers , got its [first] public offering of 2.5m shares , 2m of them new , away at $ 10 a share and plans to use the $ 9.5m or so net proceeds to finance accounts receivable and inventory .

The initial consideration of the power station as an energy processing system aids design discussions about the relative advantages and limitations of various mechanisms and their performance in practice .
the [first] consideration of the power station as an energy processing system aids design discussions about the relative advantages and limitations of various mechanisms and their performance in practice .

Boxing continued to attract black participants after the initial post-war period .
boxing continued to attract black participants after the [first] post-war period .

The energy and enthusiasm black youth have for certain sports and the disproportionately high number wanting to take up sport as a career provides at least the initial indication that they see in successful black sportsmen models for themselves .
the energy and enthusiasm black youth have for certain sports and the disproportionately high number wanting to take up sport as a career provides at least the [first] indication that they see in successful black sportsmen models for themselves .

In his initial phase of competition , Hunter remained undefeated for eighteen months .
in his [first] phase of competition , hunter remained undefeated for eighteen months .

Before leaving school , he was interviewed by a careers officer who asked him : ‘ Do you want a job in a factory ? ’ His initial reaction was one of elation :
before leaving school , he was interviewed by a careers officer who asked him : ‘ do you want a job in a factory ? ’ his [first] reaction was one of elation :

The eldest must have got interested somehow , however , and , in many instances , the initial influence comes from teachers .
the eldest must have got interested somehow , however , and , in many instances , the [first] influence comes from teachers .

Marcia has put more detail onto the Erikson model and suggests that in going from the initial ego-diffusion condition to that of having achieved ego-identity , two processes are involved : crisis and commitment .
marcia has put more detail onto the erikson model and suggests that in going from the [first] ego-diffusion condition to that of having achieved ego-identity , two processes are involved : crisis and commitment .

High levels of direct racial discrimination in employment have been repeatedly demonstrated by national and local studies , both at the level of initial recruitment and in relation to promotion .
high levels of direct racial discrimination in employment have been repeatedly demonstrated by national and local studies , both at the level of [first] recruitment and in relation to promotion .

In contrast , discrimination against black students occurs at the initial entry stage into the labour market .
in contrast , discrimination against black students occurs at the [first] entry stage into the labour market .

The quite different nature of the female labour market means that it is easier to introduce measures in schools and colleges which will improve the initial occupational choices of some female students , particularly middle class or ‘ academically able ’ girls .
the quite different nature of the female labour market means that it is easier to introduce measures in schools and colleges which will improve the [first] occupational choices of some female students , particularly middle class or ‘ academically able ’ girls .

These rooms are the most likely camping-place for bandits , Orcs and similar organized creatures who may have made ( or are planning ) an initial foray into Castle Drachenfels .
these rooms are the most likely camping-place for bandits , orcs and similar organized creatures who may have made ( or are planning ) an [first] foray into castle drachenfels .

This buys them an extra round while Thadeus hesitates , in which time they must come up with something more to prevent him from attacking after this initial hesitation .
this buys them an extra round while thadeus hesitates , in which time they must come up with something more to prevent him from attacking after this [first] hesitation .

An initial mission by Gregorio Panzani in 1634 was followed by the arrival in 1636 of a fully accredited papal envoy , George Con , whose considerable charm and diplomatic skill did much to further the Catholic cause .
an [first] mission by gregorio panzani in 1634 was followed by the arrival in 1636 of a fully accredited papal envoy , george con , whose considerable charm and diplomatic skill did much to further the catholic cause .

According to Whiting , much of this initial conformity was occasioned either by a fear of and respect for authority , or by the reluctance of testators to throw away their assets on objects and practices which were now proscribed .
according to whiting , much of this [first] conformity was occasioned either by a fear of and respect for authority , or by the reluctance of testators to throw away their assets on objects and practices which were now proscribed .

In this way , Germany in 1914 was able to throw into her initial onslaughts far greater numbers of trained fighting men than the Allies had thought possible .
in this way , germany in 1914 was able to throw into her [first] onslaughts far greater numbers of trained fighting men than the allies had thought possible .

All hinged on the newly strengthened eastern frontier forts , such as Verdun , and a strategy of an initial defensive campaign , followed , when opportune , by a powerful counter-stroke .
all hinged on the newly strengthened eastern frontier forts , such as verdun , and a strategy of an [first] defensive campaign , followed , when opportune , by a powerful counter-stroke .

Moreover , the Germans had made a further — and fateful — error : they had omitted to occupy the Channel ports , as they might easily have done , without loss , during their initial advance .
moreover , the germans had made a further — and fateful — error : they had omitted to occupy the channel ports , as they might easily have done , without loss , during their [first] advance .

Dunkirk , Boulogne and Calais , through which British munitions and troops could pass in growing numbers , might have been taken at little cost during the Germans ' initial advance , now they would have to be fought for .
dunkirk , boulogne and calais , through which british munitions and troops could pass in growing numbers , might have been taken at little cost during the germans ' [first] advance , now they would have to be fought for .

Nevertheless , because the Turks thought it inconceivable that their enemy would land in such an inhospitable situation the Anzacs met little opposition , and , four hours after the initial landing , some 8,000 men were safely ashore .
nevertheless , because the turks thought it inconceivable that their enemy would land in such an inhospitable situation the anzacs met little opposition , and , four hours after the [first] landing , some 8,000 men were safely ashore .

Fewer still realized that initial Russian successes were made possible mainly because the elite Austrian forces had been transferred to Italy .
fewer still realized that [first] russian successes were made possible mainly because the elite austrian forces had been transferred to italy .

Although thick mist persisted so air reconnaissance was ineffective , Plumer 's initial thrust was made at 05.40 on 20 September .
although thick mist persisted so air reconnaissance was ineffective , plumer 's [first] thrust was made at 05.40 on 20 september .

Anyway , indisputably well-connected and a ‘ toff ’ and after an initial spat ( very common with Burton , the initial spat with those who later became good pals ) , they became and remained fast friends .
anyway , indisputably well-connected and a ‘ toff ’ and after an [first] spat ( very common with burton , the [first] spat with those who later became good pals ) , they became and remained fast friends .

Warren Mitchell went around to see him after a performance and was amused — following Burton 's initial reaction to the money — when he grumbled , ‘ You wo n't believe all they give me for this ?
warren mitchell went around to see him after a performance and was amused — following burton 's [first] reaction to the money — when he grumbled , ‘ you wo n't believe all they give me for this ?

If you want to lay concrete , you can improve its appearance by giving it a surface treatment , such as drawing a stiff broom over it when the initial set has taken place , which gives a fine-lined texture .
if you want to lay concrete , you can improve its appearance by giving it a surface treatment , such as drawing a stiff broom over it when the [first] set has taken place , which gives a fine-lined texture .

Another treatment is to wait until the initial set has taken place , and then , using water and a brush , clean off all the fine material , to expose the larger aggregate .
another treatment is to wait until the [first] set has taken place , and then , using water and a brush , clean off all the fine material , to expose the larger aggregate .

Initial impressions are of a heavy tool ( 5.2kg ) , thanks to the motor size , with a very solid , compact feel , although the Skil is actually not that large a machine for its capacity .
[first] impressions are of a heavy tool ( 5.2kg ) , thanks to the motor size , with a very solid , compact feel , although the skil is actually not that large a machine for its capacity .

At an average £200 or so for installation , meters do n't come cheap , and it will take a few years of saving on bills to meet the initial cost . But it is easy to see how it will make you think twice before washing your car twice a week , or leaving your sprinkler on all night !
at an average £200 or so for installation , meters do n't come cheap , and it will take a few years of saving on bills to meet the [first] cost . but it is easy to see how it will make you think twice before washing your car twice a week , or leaving your sprinkler on all night !

Despite his words suggesting solidarity with the Third World , Ceauşescu 's initial actions as maker of Romania 's foreign policy were designed to build bridges to the West .
despite his words suggesting solidarity with the third world , ceauşescu 's [first] actions as maker of romania 's foreign policy were designed to build bridges to the west .

In the initial phases , the distorting effects of the processes of collectivization , planned industrialization and urbanization were not yet completely catastrophic for the normal functioning of life , but there was already a steady degeneration in the quality and quantity of food supplies .
in the [first] phases , the distorting effects of the processes of collectivization , planned industrialization and urbanization were not yet completely catastrophic for the normal functioning of life , but there was already a steady degeneration in the quality and quantity of food supplies .

Just as initial reading in the early years of the primary school thrives on interest and personal commitment , so the further study of literature calls for involvement and a love of reading for its own sake .
just as [first] reading in the early years of the primary school thrives on interest and personal commitment , so the further study of literature calls for involvement and a love of reading for its own sake .

Our initial reaction to our brief in respect of bilingual pupils was that all pupils must have access to the same attainment targets and programmes of study for English .
our [first] reaction to our brief in respect of bilingual pupils was that all pupils must have access to the same attainment targets and programmes of study for english .

But where their particular disability impairs their access to the curriculum , this access should be facilitated by alternative means , and it should be recognised that the problem of access may hinder their initial progress , though they may be expected to catch up later .
but where their particular disability impairs their access to the curriculum , this access should be facilitated by alternative means , and it should be recognised that the problem of access may hinder their [first] progress , though they may be expected to catch up later .

The initial request from the Bishop was greeted with enthusiasm — that enthusiasm prevailed and the public speaking competition was born , albeit with one or two hiccups .
the [first] request from the bishop was greeted with enthusiasm — that enthusiasm prevailed and the public speaking competition was born , albeit with one or two hiccups .

Initial results show that more than 90 per cent of MPs have agreed to undertake some follow-up action as a result of the lobby .
[first] results show that more than 90 per cent of mps have agreed to undertake some follow-up action as a result of the lobby .

When the signal dropped there was some initial wheelspin ( on the green rock ) , but a good head of steam came in no time .
when the signal dropped there was some [first] wheelspin ( on the green rock ) , but a good head of steam came in no time .

From that initial claim on your attention , he would proceed rapidly to inform you of his achievement in preserving the Albert Dock complex in Liverpool — now the largest tourist attraction in the north of England — from wanton , council-approved destruction ; of his professional status as author of the standard textbook on Concise Practical Surveying and the Structural Masonry Designers ’ Manuals ; of his intellectual attainment in completing a doctoral thesis in ten months ; of his physical prowess as a pensionable leader of Very Severe rockclimbs and skier down the most precipitous slopes .
from that [first] claim on your attention , he would proceed rapidly to inform you of his achievement in preserving the albert dock complex in liverpool — now the largest tourist attraction in the north of england — from wanton , council-approved destruction ; of his professional status as author of the standard textbook on concise practical surveying and the structural masonry designers ’ manuals ; of his intellectual attainment in completing a doctoral thesis in ten months ; of his physical prowess as a pensionable leader of very severe rockclimbs and skier down the most precipitous slopes .

The initial draft received many letters of comment from both camps and was followed up with a public debate in Glasgow .
the [first] draft received many letters of comment from both camps and was followed up with a public debate in glasgow .

The Royal Marines had not landed at Dakar because , without adequate craft for an overwhelming initial assault , any piecemeal landing could have led to prolonged fighting with potential allies .
the royal marines had not landed at dakar because , without adequate craft for an overwhelming [first] assault , any piecemeal landing could have led to prolonged fighting with potential allies .

This prevented them fully exploiting their initial landings as they had to start their withdrawal before an assault could be mounted on the naval guns installed behind Houlgate .
this prevented them fully exploiting their [first] landings as they had to start their withdrawal before an assault could be mounted on the naval guns installed behind houlgate .

This initial contact can then be followed up through subsequent casual encounters in the street or at the local shops , and through an invitation to a coffee-chat or meal to meet other neighbours .
this [first] contact can then be followed up through subsequent casual encounters in the street or at the local shops , and through an invitation to a coffee-chat or meal to meet other neighbours .

As an initial act it is a once-for-all , unrepeatable experience .
as an [first] act it is a once-for-all , unrepeatable experience .

However , conversion does not refer exclusively to the initial act of reorientation .
however , conversion does not refer exclusively to the [first] act of reorientation .

Indeed that very initial act was only made possible through the Spirit who bestowed the gift of faith ( Eph .
indeed that very [first] act was only made possible through the spirit who bestowed the gift of faith ( eph .

Sweetman drew on his fancy cigarette , then blew a plume of smoke into Wavebreaker 's rigging before smiling lazily at Ellen . ‘ And tell me , sweet creature , do you count as a toy ? Or are you a part of the initial ten thousand dollars ? ’
sweetman drew on his fancy cigarette , then blew a plume of smoke into wavebreaker 's rigging before smiling lazily at ellen . ‘ and tell me , sweet creature , do you count as a toy ? or are you a part of the [first] ten thousand dollars ? ’

The general consensus between the leaders of the Conservative and Labour parties made easy the initial reckless imposition of ‘ direct rule ’ from Westminster and at every subsequent stage has provided the basis for a bipartisan policy under which the party in opposition has supported the measures taken in Ulster by the one in office .
the general consensus between the leaders of the conservative and labour parties made easy the [first] reckless imposition of ‘ direct rule ’ from westminster and at every subsequent stage has provided the basis for a bipartisan policy under which the party in opposition has supported the measures taken in ulster by the one in office .

Two of each category of representative will be allowed to attend the initial and regular follow-up training sessions which will be organized free of charge by .
two of each category of representative will be allowed to attend the [first] and regular follow-up training sessions which will be organized free of charge by .

The Video titles , the initial minimum quantity and guaranteed minimum quantity over 3 years for licenced manufacture are given below :
the video titles , the [first] minimum quantity and guaranteed minimum quantity over 3 years for licenced manufacture are given below :

agrees that samples of all packaging , advertising , labelling and the like of the Licensed Products shall be provided to for inspection prior to initial use of the first Licensed Product to be published by which incorporates the Work to ensure that all Trade Marks are properly identified as the property of .
agrees that samples of all packaging , advertising , labelling and the like of the licensed products shall be provided to for inspection prior to [first] use of the first licensed product to be published by which incorporates the work to ensure that all trade marks are properly identified as the property of .

These initial samples will be used as the guidelines for any such packaging , advertising , labelling and the like on any subsequent Licensed Products to be published and shall not be materially changed by without 's written approval .
these [first] samples will be used as the guidelines for any such packaging , advertising , labelling and the like on any subsequent licensed products to be published and shall not be materially changed by without 's written approval .

The Video titles and the initial quantities according to formats and standard are specified below .
the video titles and the [first] quantities according to formats and standard are specified below .

The Video titles and the initial quantities according to formats and standard are specified below .
the video titles and the [first] quantities according to formats and standard are specified below .

The Video titles and the initial quantities according to formats and standard are specified below .
the video titles and the [first] quantities according to formats and standard are specified below .

The Video titles and the initial quantities according to formats and standard are specified below .
the video titles and the [first] quantities according to formats and standard are specified below .

The initial decision at congress to enter the formal political arena was taken to defend the trading interests of cooperation against incursions by the state , and when sponsored candidates were elected to parliament they tended to work within the brief by monitoring legislation .
the [first] decision at congress to enter the formal political arena was taken to defend the trading interests of cooperation against incursions by the state , and when sponsored candidates were elected to parliament they tended to work within the brief by monitoring legislation .

The path to radicalisation , therefore , progressed from an initial attraction to the ‘ divvy ’ to an appreciation of wider cooperative ideals .
the path to radicalisation , therefore , progressed from an [first] attraction to the ‘ divvy ’ to an appreciation of wider cooperative ideals .

Although small local employers were the initial moving force and tended to dominate the committees , prestigious offices were held by manufacturers , providing them with a platform in local politics .
although small local employers were the [first] moving force and tended to dominate the committees , prestigious offices were held by manufacturers , providing them with a platform in local politics .

Once Bess Halidon had been laid to rest in the small village churchyard , and the initial shock of her mother 's death had abated , Joan decided to pay a second visit to Framlingham Hall .
once bess halidon had been laid to rest in the small village churchyard , and the [first] shock of her mother 's death had abated , joan decided to pay a second visit to framlingham hall .

She stamped her feet , wept and refused for two days to eat or — once her initial reaction had been volubly expressed — speak .
she stamped her feet , wept and refused for two days to eat or — once her [first] reaction had been volubly expressed — speak .

If a book or manuscript is ‘ illuminated ’ it is lit up with hand-painted initial words , capital letters and borders in colours , gold and silver .
if a book or manuscript is ‘ illuminated ’ it is lit up with hand-painted [first] words , capital letters and borders in colours , gold and silver .

State power was centralized in the hands of the Communist Party Central Committee , a powerful secret police was established , and the local workers ' councils or soviets ( which were the initial focus of the Bolshevik push for power ) were reduced to mere rubber stamps .
state power was centralized in the hands of the communist party central committee , a powerful secret police was established , and the local workers ' councils or soviets ( which were the [first] focus of the bolshevik push for power ) were reduced to mere rubber stamps .

Structuralists try to understand change and development as the product of ‘ systems of transformations ’ operating along predetermined lines , and themselves changing along lines predictable from a knowledge of the initial configuration of the system ( Piaget , 1971 ) .
structuralists try to understand change and development as the product of ‘ systems of transformations ’ operating along predetermined lines , and themselves changing along lines predictable from a knowledge of the [first] configuration of the system ( piaget , 1971 ) .

Observers expect the Santa Cruz Operation to announce a profit for its first quarter shortly : the market is expected to want the company to prove it can be profitable for one further quarter through to March — without Larry Michels — before issuing an initial public offering next April with the aim of going public in June .
observers expect the santa cruz operation to announce a profit for its first quarter shortly : the market is expected to want the company to prove it can be profitable for one further quarter through to march — without larry michels — before issuing an [first] public offering next april with the aim of going public in june .

Formed in October 1932 by Sir Oswald Mosley , it drew its inspiration from Mussolini 's Italy and most of its initial impetus from the youth movement of the New Party ( Nupa ) and the membership files of the British Fascists .
formed in october 1932 by sir oswald mosley , it drew its inspiration from mussolini 's italy and most of its [first] impetus from the youth movement of the new party ( nupa ) and the membership files of the british fascists .

The company is looking , ideally , at an initial public offering next year and says it will expand upon its plans this June .
the company is looking , ideally , at an [first] public offering next year and says it will expand upon its plans this june .

It is thought that Intel Corp will be introduce an initial Pentium chip as the first member of a family of ‘ Pentium technologies , ’ see front page .
it is thought that intel corp will be introduce an [first] pentium chip as the first member of a family of ‘ pentium technologies , ’ see front page .

Nurses also pointed out that in the initial panic after Mr. Turner 's remarks , the centre had been operating illegally by locking patients in the unit .
nurses also pointed out that in the [first] panic after mr. turner 's remarks , the centre had been operating illegally by locking patients in the unit .

The gentlemen in Virginia were in no position to do this ; they had very little money to spend in a gentlemanly way and no particular experience of colonization to give them any other claims to respect and obedience , as nothing got done and about 60 of the 100 initial settlers died in 1607 .
the gentlemen in virginia were in no position to do this ; they had very little money to spend in a gentlemanly way and no particular experience of colonization to give them any other claims to respect and obedience , as nothing got done and about 60 of the 100 [first] settlers died in 1607 .

The restored Stuarts also encouraged companies by giving them charters , and two or three trading companies did a lot to expand English interests , although settlement of land by commercial companies never regained its initial importance .
the restored stuarts also encouraged companies by giving them charters , and two or three trading companies did a lot to expand english interests , although settlement of land by commercial companies never regained its [first] importance .

In 1685 two small-scale but embarrassing attacks , by the Duke of Monmouth in the west of England and the Duke of Argyll in Scotland , had been defeated on land but the initial landings had been carried out without the navy being able to stop them .
in 1685 two small-scale but embarrassing attacks , by the duke of monmouth in the west of england and the duke of argyll in scotland , had been defeated on land but the [first] landings had been carried out without the navy being able to stop them .

The initial apparent similarity between some feminists and some of the right on the issue of pornography is curious .
the [first] apparent similarity between some feminists and some of the right on the issue of pornography is curious .

Unix System Laboratories Inc , Summit , New Jersey has retained Software Leasing Corp to give customers up to 60 months to finance the initial licence fees for its products .
unix system laboratories inc , summit , new jersey has retained software leasing corp to give customers up to 60 months to finance the [first] licence fees for its products .

In 1984 a Company was formed , Steamport 1984 Ltd. , to acquire the site from British Rail , with the support of a large group of members , who took a deep breath , and dug into their pockets to help finance a substantial portion of the initial costs , and with the aid of a bank loan , which is now well over half way repaid , the premises became truly home to the exhibits , both privately and society owned .
in 1984 a company was formed , steamport 1984 ltd. , to acquire the site from british rail , with the support of a large group of members , who took a deep breath , and dug into their pockets to help finance a substantial portion of the [first] costs , and with the aid of a bank loan , which is now well over half way repaid , the premises became truly home to the exhibits , both privately and society owned .

The position is offered for an initial period of five years , with a possibility of renewal or permanency .
the position is offered for an [first] period of five years , with a possibility of renewal or permanency .

Initial enquiries may be directed to Professor Victor Argy , or Associate Professor David Collins , .
[first] enquiries may be directed to professor victor argy , or associate professor david collins , .

Contracts are made for an initial 4 years , renewable up to an additional 4-year period .
contracts are made for an [first] 4 years , renewable up to an additional 4-year period .

The initial salary will be commensurate with age , qualifications and experience .
the [first] salary will be commensurate with age , qualifications and experience .

To commence as soon as possible , the appointment is for an initial period of two years with a possible extension of one further year and includes the following areas :
to commence as soon as possible , the appointment is for an [first] period of two years with a possible extension of one further year and includes the following areas :

The successful candidate will be based at Jealott 's Hill but will spend an initial period at Leuven .
the successful candidate will be based at jealott 's hill but will spend an [first] period at leuven .

The initial contract is for two years , married or bachelor status , renewable annually by mutual agreement .
the [first] contract is for two years , married or bachelor status , renewable annually by mutual agreement .

Initial training
[first] training

At the initial training level , we now find an insistence that all teachers in training must be exposed to a compulsory component concerned with meeting special needs in the ordinary school .
at the [first] training level , we now find an insistence that all teachers in training must be exposed to a compulsory component concerned with meeting special needs in the ordinary school .

Even when a team exists , they can succeed in ‘ permeating ’ a special needs element into initial teacher training only to the extent that they influence all their fellow specialist tutors to widen their teaching perspectives to include children with special needs .
even when a team exists , they can succeed in ‘ permeating ’ a special needs element into [first] teacher training only to the extent that they influence all their fellow specialist tutors to widen their teaching perspectives to include children with special needs .

Teaching materials are being prepared specifically for initial teacher-training students .
teaching materials are being prepared specifically for [first] teacher-training students .

Since the majority of heads of schools and teachers inherit the school and the class or specialist rooms in which they work with their pupils , they are seldom in the happy position of being able to contribute to the initial planning of buildings , and consequently their interest may well be centred on adaptations or changes that they can realistically effect , although an appreciation of the more fundamental issues of design and planning may concern them too .
since the majority of heads of schools and teachers inherit the school and the class or specialist rooms in which they work with their pupils , they are seldom in the happy position of being able to contribute to the [first] planning of buildings , and consequently their interest may well be centred on adaptations or changes that they can realistically effect , although an appreciation of the more fundamental issues of design and planning may concern them too .

For initial and early readers , books of a manageable size with clear print giving a good dark contrast against a light background and attractive colourful pictures are readily available .
for [first] and early readers , books of a manageable size with clear print giving a good dark contrast against a light background and attractive colourful pictures are readily available .

This needs to be placed at the angle which gives the best support for the material being used in relation to the pupil 's vision , and some initial experimenting with different angles of work may be needed in order to settle on this .
this needs to be placed at the angle which gives the best support for the material being used in relation to the pupil 's vision , and some [first] experimenting with different angles of work may be needed in order to settle on this .

However , it is the setting up and initial implementation in practical day-to-day terms of recommendations from other professionals about the nature and extent of specialised equipment , materials and support that is the most demanding phase for the teacher in the ordinary school whose class contains visually handicapped pupils .
however , it is the setting up and [first] implementation in practical day-to-day terms of recommendations from other professionals about the nature and extent of specialised equipment , materials and support that is the most demanding phase for the teacher in the ordinary school whose class contains visually handicapped pupils .

It is the initial sorting out of requirements that must be done on an individual basis for the pupil with severe visual defect .
it is the [first] sorting out of requirements that must be done on an individual basis for the pupil with severe visual defect .

18 months on from its official opening by The Duchess of York , the Club has achieved both of those initial objectives and is currently trying to build upon them , in communication with its members .
18 months on from its official opening by the duchess of york , the club has achieved both of those [first] objectives and is currently trying to build upon them , in communication with its members .

In the initial stages the puppy is likely to pull on the leash by trying to rush ahead .
in the [first] stages the puppy is likely to pull on the leash by trying to rush ahead .

After an initial greeting of a visitor , tell your dog to sit in its bed using the command ‘ bed ’ .
after an [first] greeting of a visitor , tell your dog to sit in its bed using the command ‘ bed ’ .

The dog may well overcome its initial fear , and start to feed after a time on its own .
the dog may well overcome its [first] fear , and start to feed after a time on its own .

After the initial ‘ lessons in wizardry ’ , the child is expected to take increasing responsibility for its actions and to co-operate with others in everyday activities .
after the [first] ‘ lessons in wizardry ’ , the child is expected to take increasing responsibility for its actions and to co-operate with others in everyday activities .

The interval between initial pairing and the laying of the first egg is about nine days .
the interval between [first] pairing and the laying of the first egg is about nine days .

Command of the Army of Africa placed him in a decisive position once the initial impetus of the rising in peninsular Spain was lost .
command of the army of africa placed him in a decisive position once the [first] impetus of the rising in peninsular spain was lost .

For whatever reason , after his initial expressionless stare , he had attached himself to her , at first dawdling behind , then circling round her , as might a stray dog , and finally trotting at her side .
for whatever reason , after his [first] expressionless stare , he had attached himself to her , at first dawdling behind , then circling round her , as might a stray dog , and finally trotting at her side .

There had been the natural initial shock of disbelief at hearing of the unexpected death of any person even casually known .
there had been the natural [first] shock of disbelief at hearing of the unexpected death of any person even casually known .

The initial shock felt by the Japanese wore off quickly enough , once they had read the letters and considered their implications .
the [first] shock felt by the japanese wore off quickly enough , once they had read the letters and considered their implications .

After an initial few hundred feet across virgin land the railway will join the old trackbed of the long-disused Newbury Railway .
after an [first] few hundred feet across virgin land the railway will join the old trackbed of the long-disused newbury railway .

They would regard the question of the initial conditions for the universe as belonging to the realm of metaphysics or religion .
they would regard the question of the [first] conditions for the universe as belonging to the realm of metaphysics or religion .

The question of the uniqueness of the initial conditions is closely related to that of the arbitrariness of the local physical laws : One would not regard a theory as complete if it contained a number of adjustable parameters such as masses or coupling constants that could be given any values one liked .
the question of the uniqueness of the [first] conditions is closely related to that of the arbitrariness of the local physical laws : one would not regard a theory as complete if it contained a number of adjustable parameters such as masses or coupling constants that could be given any values one liked .

In fact , it seems that neither the initial conditions nor the values of the parameters in the theory are arbitrary but that they are somehow chosen or picked out very carefully .
in fact , it seems that neither the [first] conditions nor the values of the parameters in the theory are arbitrary but that they are somehow chosen or picked out very carefully .

Similarly , if the gravitational mass of the proton were significantly different , one would not have had stars in which these nucleides could have been built up , and if the initial expansion of the universe had been slightly smaller or slightly greater , the universe would either have collapsed before such stars could have evolved or would have expanded so rapidly that stars would never have been formed by gravitational condensation .
similarly , if the gravitational mass of the proton were significantly different , one would not have had stars in which these nucleides could have been built up , and if the [first] expansion of the universe had been slightly smaller or slightly greater , the universe would either have collapsed before such stars could have evolved or would have expanded so rapidly that stars would never have been formed by gravitational condensation .

Indeed , some people have gone so far as to elevate these restrictions on the initial conditions and the parameters to the status of a principle , the anthropic principle , which can be paraphrased as , ‘ Things are as they are because we are .
indeed , some people have gone so far as to elevate these restrictions on the [first] conditions and the parameters to the status of a principle , the anthropic principle , which can be paraphrased as , ‘ things are as they are because we are .

According to one version of the principle , there is a very large number of different , separate universes with different values of the physical parameters and different initial conditions .
according to one version of the principle , there is a very large number of different , separate universes with different values of the physical parameters and different [first] conditions .

If we are not going to appeal to the anthropic principle , we need some unifying theory to account for the initial conditions of the universe and the values of the various physical parameters .
if we are not going to appeal to the anthropic principle , we need some unifying theory to account for the [first] conditions of the universe and the values of the various physical parameters .

Thus , a quantum theory of gravity is essential if we are to describe the early universe and then give some explanation for the initial conditions beyond merely appealing to the anthropic principle .
thus , a quantum theory of gravity is essential if we are to describe the early universe and then give some explanation for the [first] conditions beyond merely appealing to the anthropic principle .

Thus , the present state of the universe would be the result of God 's choice of the initial conditions .
thus , the present state of the universe would be the result of god 's choice of the [first] conditions .

In that case the laws of physics would hold even at the beginning of the universe , so God would not have had the freedom to choose the initial conditions .
in that case the laws of physics would hold even at the beginning of the universe , so god would not have had the freedom to choose the [first] conditions .

The initial configuration of the universe may have been chosen by God , or it may itself have been determined by the laws of science .
the [first] configuration of the universe may have been chosen by god , or it may itself have been determined by the laws of science .

The discussion was somewhat academic , however , as we were far from a complete knowledge of the laws of science , and we did n't know how the initial state of the universe was determined .
the discussion was somewhat academic , however , as we were far from a complete knowledge of the laws of science , and we did n't know how the [first] state of the universe was determined .

And we realize that the initial state may itself have been determined by the laws of science .
and we realize that the [first] state may itself have been determined by the laws of science .

This is far too many for us ever to be able to solve the equations and predict how the brain would behave , given its initial state and the nerve data coming into it .
this is far too many for us ever to be able to solve the equations and predict how the brain would behave , given its [first] state and the nerve data coming into it .

In fact , of course , we can not even measure what the initial state was , because to do so we would have to take the brain apart .
in fact , of course , we can not even measure what the [first] state was , because to do so we would have to take the brain apart .

Also , the brain is probably very sensitive to the initial state — a small change in the initial state can mike a very large difference to subsequent behavior .
also , the brain is probably very sensitive to the [first] state — a small change in the [first] state can mike a very large difference to subsequent behavior .

If we take seriously the idea of valuing individuals as citizens , then instead of using bridging capital from the sale of hospital sites to purchase large houses and hostels outright , a means could perhaps be found of lending capital to individuals as an initial down-payment on a property or a share in a property .
if we take seriously the idea of valuing individuals as citizens , then instead of using bridging capital from the sale of hospital sites to purchase large houses and hostels outright , a means could perhaps be found of lending capital to individuals as an [first] down-payment on a property or a share in a property .

In the event of the sub-contractor failing to complete the initial work or failing to rectify any defective workmanship , the retention would not be released .
in the event of the sub-contractor failing to complete the [first] work or failing to rectify any defective workmanship , the retention would not be released .

Many subcontractors are unwilling to accept the responsibility and initial liability of training apprentices .
many subcontractors are unwilling to accept the responsibility and [first] liability of training apprentices .

Where , however , the initial approach to the vendor has been made by the purchaser , a slightly different situation may exist .
where , however , the [first] approach to the vendor has been made by the purchaser , a slightly different situation may exist .

The option is clearly to the advantage of the developer , in that : there is low initial capital commitment there is opportunity to resolve problems and obtain planning approval The faces less competition than would be found if the land was sold at auction or tender if the scheme is abandoned the option need not be exercised On the other hand problems can arise where there is a substantial downturn in the market and it is not viable to proceed at the price agreed in the option agreement .
the option is clearly to the advantage of the developer , in that : there is low [first] capital commitment there is opportunity to resolve problems and obtain planning approval the faces less competition than would be found if the land was sold at auction or tender if the scheme is abandoned the option need not be exercised on the other hand problems can arise where there is a substantial downturn in the market and it is not viable to proceed at the price agreed in the option agreement .

It is useful to photograph the site from a variety of angles , obtaining views both into and out of the proposed development ; photographs often reveal factors overlooked at an initial inspection .
it is useful to photograph the site from a variety of angles , obtaining views both into and out of the proposed development ; photographs often reveal factors overlooked at an [first] inspection .

On the other hand , land stock of low initial cost may rise a hundredfold in value upon receipt of planning approval or solution of other problems restricting its development .
on the other hand , land stock of low [first] cost may rise a hundredfold in value upon receipt of planning approval or solution of other problems restricting its development .

The initial calculation of provisions to reduce stocks from cost to net realisable value may often be made by the use of formulae based on predetermined criteria .
the [first] calculation of provisions to reduce stocks from cost to net realisable value may often be made by the use of formulae based on predetermined criteria .

Ted 's initial fear was that they 'd done something stupid and run away together , but then after a while he 'd begun to hope for this and nothing worse .
ted 's [first] fear was that they 'd done something stupid and run away together , but then after a while he 'd begun to hope for this and nothing worse .

One route is to take a hostile view of takeovers involving the absorption of a domestic firm by a foreign buyer , since takeover is often the best method for a potential competitor to get an initial share in the domestic market .
one route is to take a hostile view of takeovers involving the absorption of a domestic firm by a foreign buyer , since takeover is often the best method for a potential competitor to get an [first] share in the domestic market .

If the examiner has exercised his fancy by using fictitious names , like Tomkins , you are perfectly entitled to abbreviate them to the initial letter — unless , of course , two parties in the same problem have the same initial letter .
if the examiner has exercised his fancy by using fictitious names , like tomkins , you are perfectly entitled to abbreviate them to the [first] letter — unless , of course , two parties in the same problem have the same [first] letter .

An initial choice must be made between the Bar and the solicitor 's profession , at a time when the aspirant will probably know little of the implications of the choice , or of his own potentialities .
an [first] choice must be made between the bar and the solicitor 's profession , at a time when the aspirant will probably know little of the implications of the choice , or of his own potentialities .

One practice is to establish a retirement benefit scheme , whereby the younger partners , instead of paying an initial sum as their share of capital , contribute to the pensions of the senior partners as they go .
one practice is to establish a retirement benefit scheme , whereby the younger partners , instead of paying an [first] sum as their share of capital , contribute to the pensions of the senior partners as they go .

It was undisciplined but incredibly powerful and , after all , its initial greeting had all but burnt away the shields around his mind .
it was undisciplined but incredibly powerful and , after all , its [first] greeting had all but burnt away the shields around his mind .

At clause level , a speaker announces the topic of his/her message by thematizing it , that is , by putting it in initial position .
at clause level , a speaker announces the topic of his/her message by thematizing it , that is , by putting it in [first] position .

Another source of distraction is that the initial what-questions ( first and second sentences ) are followed not , as one might expect , by an identification of the thing that inspired Rimbaud and drove him to reach into his soul , but by the pronoun It .
another source of distraction is that the [first] what-questions ( first and second sentences ) are followed not , as one might expect , by an identification of the thing that inspired rimbaud and drove him to reach into his soul , but by the pronoun it .

In the Hallidayan model , thematic choice is expressed by placing one of these elements in initial position in the clause .
in the hallidayan model , thematic choice is expressed by placing one of these elements in [first] position in the clause .

According to Greenbaum and Quirk , fronting involves ‘ the achievement of marked theme by moving into initial position an item which is otherwise unusual there ’ .
according to greenbaum and quirk , fronting involves ‘ the achievement of marked theme by moving into [first] position an item which is otherwise unusual there ’ .

In translating from a language such as Arabic to a language such as English , the unmarked predicator + subject structure would normally be translated by an equally unmarked structure such as subject + predicator rather than by an identical but highly marked structure which places the predicator in initial position .
in translating from a language such as arabic to a language such as english , the unmarked predicator + subject structure would normally be translated by an equally unmarked structure such as subject + predicator rather than by an identical but highly marked structure which places the predicator in [first] position .

Apart from conjunctions and disjuncts which we have decided not to take into account for our current purposes , this is the only instance in which the theme of the clause is not the element that occurs in initial position .
apart from conjunctions and disjuncts which we have decided not to take into account for our current purposes , this is the only instance in which the theme of the clause is not the element that occurs in [first] position .

It is possible to see Halliday 's view of theme — as whatever comes in initial position in the clause — as a reflection of ( a ) the nature of English as a language with relatively fixed word order , and ( b ) his study of Chinese , this being a language with a special category of topic which always occurs at the beginning of the clause .
it is possible to see halliday 's view of theme — as whatever comes in [first] position in the clause — as a reflection of ( a ) the nature of english as a language with relatively fixed word order , and ( b ) his study of chinese , this being a language with a special category of topic which always occurs at the beginning of the clause .

The topic of a clause in topic-prominent languages always occurs in initial position ( Li , 1976 ) .
the topic of a clause in topic-prominent languages always occurs in [first] position ( li , 1976 ) .

If initial position is reserved for theme and if topic always occurs in initial position , then theme and topic are presumably the same thing .
if [first] position is reserved for theme and if topic always occurs in [first] position , then theme and topic are presumably the same thing .

For instance , there are times when a speaker/writer seems to be deliberately highlighting a rheme by stripping the message of its initial element , that is , the theme .
for instance , there are times when a speaker/writer seems to be deliberately highlighting a rheme by stripping the message of its [first] element , that is , the theme .

Weil ( 1844 , discussed in Firbas , 1974 ) , one of the pioneers of this area of study , suggested that the movement from the initial notion of subject of utterance ( theme ) to the goal of utterance ( rheme ) represents the movement of the mind itself .
weil ( 1844 , discussed in firbas , 1974 ) , one of the pioneers of this area of study , suggested that the movement from the [first] notion of subject of utterance ( theme ) to the goal of utterance ( rheme ) represents the movement of the mind itself .

Initial verbs are highlighted in the Portuguese text .
[first] verbs are highlighted in the portuguese text .

The placement of verbs in initial position in the Portuguese text has a communicative function : it thematizes processes as the writer 's point of departure , an arrangement particularly suited to the reporting of academic research and scientific methods .
the placement of verbs in [first] position in the portuguese text has a communicative function : it thematizes processes as the writer 's point of departure , an arrangement particularly suited to the reporting of academic research and scientific methods .

Moving on to the use of conjunctions , here is an initial breakdown of the ones used in each text .
moving on to the use of conjunctions , here is an [first] breakdown of the ones used in each text .

Question design is always given very careful attention in terms both of phrasing and ordering within modules ; the initial and final questions from each module are designed to facilitate topic shifts to other modules in the system . Module 3 , ‘ Fights ’ , ends with the questions :
question design is always given very careful attention in terms both of phrasing and ordering within modules ; the [first] and final questions from each module are designed to facilitate topic shifts to other modules in the system . module 3 , ‘ fights ’ , ends with the questions :

The ‘ network ’ method was adopted as a general principle , and several Belfast University students who were Lurgan residents were located as initial contacts .
the ‘ network ’ method was adopted as a general principle , and several belfast university students who were lurgan residents were located as [first] contacts .

The initial discussion was at a relatively abstract level , to help readers extrapolate principles relevant to their own particular piece of research .
the [first] discussion was at a relatively abstract level , to help readers extrapolate principles relevant to their own particular piece of research .

The figures in table 5.1 refer to the variable ( h ) , and list the percentages of zero realizations of word initial /h/ ( in items like hammer and heart ) recorded for five social class groups in these cities , ranging from Lower-working to Middle-middle class .
the figures in table 5.1 refer to the variable ( h ) , and list the percentages of zero realizations of word [first] /h/ ( in items like hammer and heart ) recorded for five social class groups in these cities , ranging from lower-working to middle-middle class .

This book is not the place to undertake such a task ; but one comment that might be made is that an initial distinction between class and status is likely to be important ; for it is the evaluative rather than the economic dimension of stratification which seems to be relevant to linguistic variation .
this book is not the place to undertake such a task ; but one comment that might be made is that an [first] distinction between class and status is likely to be important ; for it is the evaluative rather than the economic dimension of stratification which seems to be relevant to linguistic variation .

It is organized as follows : first the initial identification of variables is discussed , with attention to their embedding in linguistic structure ( 6.2 ) ; second , some problems ( and proposed solutions ) are explored , which arise from attempts to analyse data using the concept of the variable as it was originally developed ( 6.3–6.6 ) ; third , some difficulties in establishing lexical input to phonological variables ( 6.7 ) are described .
it is organized as follows : first the [first] identification of variables is discussed , with attention to their embedding in linguistic structure ( 6.2 ) ; second , some problems ( and proposed solutions ) are explored , which arise from attempts to analyse data using the concept of the variable as it was originally developed ( 6.3–6.6 ) ; third , some difficulties in establishing lexical input to phonological variables ( 6.7 ) are described .

Initial identification of variables has not generally been discussed as a problem , presumably because linguistic elements of English which vary in a socially patterned manner are often very salient and sometimes rather general throughout the English-speaking world .
[first] identification of variables has not generally been discussed as a problem , presumably because linguistic elements of english which vary in a socially patterned manner are often very salient and sometimes rather general throughout the english-speaking world .

However , the initial hunch that Belfast , like New York City , might show innovatory patterns of front raising of this vowel turned out to be wrong .
however , the [first] hunch that belfast , like new york city , might show innovatory patterns of front raising of this vowel turned out to be wrong .

But computers can also overwhelm the user with numbers very quickly , and can not give any more help with their interpretation than with the initial selection of an appropriate statistical procedure .
but computers can also overwhelm the user with numbers very quickly , and can not give any more help with their interpretation than with the [first] selection of an appropriate statistical procedure .

Particularly where the subject is a plural personal pronoun no variation seems to be permitted ; but in our initial search for invariance ( cf .
particularly where the subject is a plural personal pronoun no variation seems to be permitted ; but in our [first] search for invariance ( cf .

Were it not for the single inconvenient occurrence in the data ( example 22 ) of they as the subject of a singular verb , we could set up an initial list of ‘ invariant ’ environments , which themselves are characteristic of this vernacular system , prior to an investigation of patterns underlying the variability in the many environments which permitted it .
were it not for the single inconvenient occurrence in the data ( example 22 ) of they as the subject of a singular verb , we could set up an [first] list of ‘ invariant ’ environments , which themselves are characteristic of this vernacular system , prior to an investigation of patterns underlying the variability in the many environments which permitted it .

In the initial stages of analysis the researcher is faced with the task of assigning the appropriate semantic category to each token .
in the [first] stages of analysis the researcher is faced with the task of assigning the appropriate semantic category to each token .

Lavandera 's response to these difficulties is to propose an initial examination by the analyst of discourse function rather than of surface grammatical form , followed by consideration of the functions which are served by the form — the subjunctive in this case .
lavandera 's response to these difficulties is to propose an [first] examination by the analyst of discourse function rather than of surface grammatical form , followed by consideration of the functions which are served by the form — the subjunctive in this case .

In summary , the detailed empirical work outlined above has enabled another general law to be formulated , the principle of circular and cumulative causation , in which the key factors are : an initial reduction in farm employment ; which is followed by a deterioration in the age structure ; which is in turn followed by a reduced rate of natural increase which then leads to a reduced population which in turn leads to reduced demands for rural services and thus a reduced demand for rural employment which then triggers another circular decline ( Hodge and Whitby , 1981 ) .
in summary , the detailed empirical work outlined above has enabled another general law to be formulated , the principle of circular and cumulative causation , in which the key factors are : an [first] reduction in farm employment ; which is followed by a deterioration in the age structure ; which is in turn followed by a reduced rate of natural increase which then leads to a reduced population which in turn leads to reduced demands for rural services and thus a reduced demand for rural employment which then triggers another circular decline ( hodge and whitby , 1981 ) .

The initial study compared the landscapes of 1945 and 1972 and examined farmers ' motives and attitudes to landscape change in seven ‘ type ’ areas : intensive arable ; extensive arable ( 2 ) ; dairying ; mixed ; general cropping ; and livestock rearing , dairying and mixed .
the [first] study compared the landscapes of 1945 and 1972 and examined farmers ' motives and attitudes to landscape change in seven ‘ type ’ areas : intensive arable ; extensive arable ( 2 ) ; dairying ; mixed ; general cropping ; and livestock rearing , dairying and mixed .

An initial objective inventory of landform and land use , and then a qualitative assessment of the value of each type of landscape so identified .
an [first] objective inventory of landform and land use , and then a qualitative assessment of the value of each type of landscape so identified .

The above described procedure attempts to match the initial phase of contemporary paper based bill of lading issuance .
the above described procedure attempts to match the [first] phase of contemporary paper based bill of lading issuance .

Colonel Windsor 's initial reaction had been to discount that , no matter how trustworthy the source ; but now , as he reflected on it , he felt it could well be true . Churchill was a particular hothead and , after all , if the Cabinet did n't condone what had happened , why had n't they authorised an enquiry ? Why had they just ignored Tubby 's report ?
colonel windsor 's [first] reaction had been to discount that , no matter how trustworthy the source ; but now , as he reflected on it , he felt it could well be true . churchill was a particular hothead and , after all , if the cabinet did n't condone what had happened , why had n't they authorised an enquiry ? why had they just ignored tubby 's report ?

Possibly a subsequent review stimulates action that would not have taken place but for the committee 's initial probing .
possibly a subsequent review stimulates action that would not have taken place but for the committee 's [first] probing .

, at least during the initial period of settling down .
, at least during the [first] period of settling down .

David Bailey , the photographer whose lens pinned the swinging sixties forever to the wall , noted in 1985 that the mini-skirt was directly attributable to Jean Shrimpton 's legs , more of which he exposed with each successive photo session despite Vogue 's initial efforts to airbrush in what he 'd hiked up .
david bailey , the photographer whose lens pinned the swinging sixties forever to the wall , noted in 1985 that the mini-skirt was directly attributable to jean shrimpton 's legs , more of which he exposed with each successive photo session despite vogue 's [first] efforts to airbrush in what he 'd hiked up .

The sociological fantasy that pop musicians could be some sort of organic intellectuals was remarkably stubborn ; it dominated initial left-wing responses to punk , and it was only when the material basis of the fantasy — youth as class — broke down in the late 1970s recession , that different ways of conceiving pop politics began to be attractive .
the sociological fantasy that pop musicians could be some sort of organic intellectuals was remarkably stubborn ; it dominated [first] left-wing responses to punk , and it was only when the material basis of the fantasy — youth as class — broke down in the late 1970s recession , that different ways of conceiving pop politics began to be attractive .

Its only value ( according to this argument ) , is to call to mind the initial event .
its only value ( according to this argument ) , is to call to mind the [first] event .

The initial costs of the latter are generally held to be underwritten by the large surplus generated by any big hit record .
the [first] costs of the latter are generally held to be underwritten by the large surplus generated by any big hit record .

In addition , Intasun has pulled back from its initial moves into the hotel market .
in addition , intasun has pulled back from its [first] moves into the hotel market .

From an initial 700 in the first season , bookings rose rapidly to 26,000 by 1931 .
from an [first] 700 in the first season , bookings rose rapidly to 26,000 by 1931 .

However , after the initial annihilation of the Spartan force at Thermopylae , Greece north of the Isthmus had been abandoned , and Athens was twice put to sack by the Persians , in 480 and 479 .
however , after the [first] annihilation of the spartan force at thermopylae , greece north of the isthmus had been abandoned , and athens was twice put to sack by the persians , in 480 and 479 .

Since 1979 nearly a million local authority homes have been sold to tenants , out of an initial stock of 7 million homes ( Social Trends 15 , Chapter 8 , p. 123 ) .
since 1979 nearly a million local authority homes have been sold to tenants , out of an [first] stock of 7 million homes ( social trends 15 , chapter 8 , p. 123 ) .

The settlements developed under the 1946 New Towns Act provide an extreme example of this process because of rapid initial growth and often sharp cessation of planned in-migration , leading to major age-structure imbalances which will continue to work themselves out well into the next century ( Champion , Clegg and Davies , 1977 ) .
the settlements developed under the 1946 new towns act provide an extreme example of this process because of rapid [first] growth and often sharp cessation of planned in-migration , leading to major age-structure imbalances which will continue to work themselves out well into the next century ( champion , clegg and davies , 1977 ) .

We can propose as an initial distinction the following : on the one hand the variable relations between ‘ cultural producers ’ ( a deliberately neutral if abstract term ) and recognizable social institutions ; on the other hand , the variable relations in which ‘ cultural producers ’ have been organized or have organized themselves , their formations .
we can propose as an [first] distinction the following : on the one hand the variable relations between ‘ cultural producers ’ ( a deliberately neutral if abstract term ) and recognizable social institutions ; on the other hand , the variable relations in which ‘ cultural producers ’ have been organized or have organized themselves , their formations .

The initial problem is in the terms themselves , since some of the most common descriptions of relatively informal groups , notably ‘ school ’ , have been shared , often by deliberate if critical imitation , with more formal institutions .
the [first] problem is in the terms themselves , since some of the most common descriptions of relatively informal groups , notably ‘ school ’ , have been shared , often by deliberate if critical imitation , with more formal institutions .

It is not yet known whether research would confirm these hypotheses of the character of certain distinct twentieth-century paranational cultural formations , though they provide an initial basis for considering the contradictory character of the history of the avant-garde movements : that they represent sharp and even violent breaks with received and traditional practices ( a dissidence or revolt rather than a literal avant garde ) ; and yet that they become ( in ways separable from the important facts of their dilution and commercial exploitation ) the dominant culture of a succeeding metropolitan and paranational period .
it is not yet known whether research would confirm these hypotheses of the character of certain distinct twentieth-century paranational cultural formations , though they provide an [first] basis for considering the contradictory character of the history of the avant-garde movements : that they represent sharp and even violent breaks with received and traditional practices ( a dissidence or revolt rather than a literal avant garde ) ; and yet that they become ( in ways separable from the important facts of their dilution and commercial exploitation ) the dominant culture of a succeeding metropolitan and paranational period .

Modern broadcasting systems , carrying all these arts but carrying also news , discussion , transmitted non-artistic events and ‘ factual programmes ’ , have quite different problems , mainly solved , at an initial level , by conscious internal titling and description .
modern broadcasting systems , carrying all these arts but carrying also news , discussion , transmitted non-artistic events and ‘ factual programmes ’ , have quite different problems , mainly solved , at an [first] level , by conscious internal titling and description .

After his initial blunder of sleeping with Miss Keeler , it was the sad fate of Profumo to be ruined by political and legal advice .
after his [first] blunder of sleeping with miss keeler , it was the sad fate of profumo to be ruined by political and legal advice .

Each problem will be considered in more detail later in this book , but here we may note how each issue has contributed to the initial polarization of the village population .
each problem will be considered in more detail later in this book , but here we may note how each issue has contributed to the [first] polarization of the village population .

The initial instinct to exclude commuters and second home owners from the countryside is not , therefore , altogether helpful .
the [first] instinct to exclude commuters and second home owners from the countryside is not , therefore , altogether helpful .

It is arguable that the friction between locals and newcomers which has been a common feature of village life in recent years is only a temporary problem brought about by the dislocation of established social patterns which have been hard for the social life of the village to digest , and that once the newly arrived population has either taken over entirely or ‘ settled down ’ to a rural existence many of the initial problems will be reconciled .
it is arguable that the friction between locals and newcomers which has been a common feature of village life in recent years is only a temporary problem brought about by the dislocation of established social patterns which have been hard for the social life of the village to digest , and that once the newly arrived population has either taken over entirely or ‘ settled down ’ to a rural existence many of the [first] problems will be reconciled .

When they were first introduced they were an enormous boon to the farmer and the initial response was almost euphoric .
when they were first introduced they were an enormous boon to the farmer and the [first] response was almost euphoric .

With no right to payment for essential items , and community care grants cash-limited and discretionary , both the initial move and its long-term viability are thrown into question .
with no right to payment for essential items , and community care grants cash-limited and discretionary , both the [first] move and its long-term viability are thrown into question .

When initial policy discussions are held it is rare for housing to be represented .
when [first] policy discussions are held it is rare for housing to be represented .

The doctor refused to give her more sleeping tablets but scribbled a prescription for tranquillizers , which were increasingly prescribed for women like Clare , with symptoms of anxiety in stressful situations such as poverty , divorce , or bereavement ; women with marital problems and women who were out of work also found them helpful , although the pills did nothing to resolve the problem responsible for the initial anxiety .
the doctor refused to give her more sleeping tablets but scribbled a prescription for tranquillizers , which were increasingly prescribed for women like clare , with symptoms of anxiety in stressful situations such as poverty , divorce , or bereavement ; women with marital problems and women who were out of work also found them helpful , although the pills did nothing to resolve the problem responsible for the [first] anxiety .

It was the scene of the initial embarrassments of all his agents .
it was the scene of the [first] embarrassments of all his agents .

This reduces the effect of the synonyms to a figure that could have been achieved by choosing an initial packing density of just over 33 per cent for the file — but this file is 90 per cent packed .
this reduces the effect of the synonyms to a figure that could have been achieved by choosing an [first] packing density of just over 33 per cent for the file — but this file is 90 per cent packed .

It is usual for the file to be arranged in ascending key sequence , and for the file creation software to expect input to the file to be physically in this order ( on initial creation ) or logically in this order ( when a file with overflow records is reorganized ) .
it is usual for the file to be arranged in ascending key sequence , and for the file creation software to expect input to the file to be physically in this order ( on [first] creation ) or logically in this order ( when a file with overflow records is reorganized ) .

Nor would Nevton any better understand that on a deeper level he had tried to force Hope into himself or force himself in Hope and , despite initial success , discovered a fierce resistance .
nor would nevton any better understand that on a deeper level he had tried to force hope into himself or force himself in hope and , despite [first] success , discovered a fierce resistance .

The Commission believes , therefore , that specific initial and in-service training needs to be provided urgently for church musicians if significant progress is to be made .
the commission believes , therefore , that specific [first] and in-service training needs to be provided urgently for church musicians if significant progress is to be made .

The initial shock and fury were gradually disappearing ; now she needed a plan of action and would concentrate her energies on that .
the [first] shock and fury were gradually disappearing ; now she needed a plan of action and would concentrate her energies on that .

Though he claimed all the peoples of Burma were now united he admitted that this unity ‘ is only in the initial stages … tender and fragile ’ .
though he claimed all the peoples of burma were now united he admitted that this unity ‘ is only in the [first] stages … tender and fragile ’ .

While many workers continued to enjoy full pay , at least in the initial stages of illness , others were less fortunate , and gained only the statutory minimum .
while many workers continued to enjoy full pay , at least in the [first] stages of illness , others were less fortunate , and gained only the statutory minimum .

But without the initial pump-priming operation by the Government , there is little or no chance of attracting this secondary wave of employment .
but without the [first] pump-priming operation by the government , there is little or no chance of attracting this secondary wave of employment .

The first is that after an initial period single parents should be required to name the father of their children when signing on for welfare .
the first is that after an [first] period single parents should be required to name the father of their children when signing on for welfare .

There will need to be an initial prospectus which states the overall aims , content and form of the course .
there will need to be an [first] prospectus which states the overall aims , content and form of the course .

Some may be attributable to the initial aim of the binary policy to create a sector with a more applied or vocationally relevant emphasis and ethos , although the extent to which that was eroded in the 1970s by ‘ academic drift ’ is open to question ( Pratt and Burgess 1974 ; Donaldson 1975 ; Neave 1978 , 1979b ) .
some may be attributable to the [first] aim of the binary policy to create a sector with a more applied or vocationally relevant emphasis and ethos , although the extent to which that was eroded in the 1970s by ‘ academic drift ’ is open to question ( pratt and burgess 1974 ; donaldson 1975 ; neave 1978 , 1979b ) .

Compulsory education constitutes the initial basic and general stages , the difference between the two being mainly a matter of scope and level rather than intention or function , though it sometimes corresponds to the transition from primary to secondary education .
compulsory education constitutes the [first] basic and general stages , the difference between the two being mainly a matter of scope and level rather than intention or function , though it sometimes corresponds to the transition from primary to secondary education .

As we noted in Chapter 1 , level is an elusive concept , difficult to objectify without formal procedures of initial admission and final assessment .
as we noted in chapter 1 , level is an elusive concept , difficult to objectify without formal procedures of [first] admission and final assessment .

Not only does this lie at the heart of current government policies on higher education , but a good deal of empirical work has been done on it , particularly on the relationship between higher education and initial employment .
not only does this lie at the heart of current government policies on higher education , but a good deal of empirical work has been done on it , particularly on the relationship between higher education and [first] employment .

Or there may be lateral substitution , with people moving sideways into kinds of work which are different from , though often related to , their initial training .
or there may be lateral substitution , with people moving sideways into kinds of work which are different from , though often related to , their [first] training .

Here , the recent literature suggests that four main things may affect the initial selection of graduates .
here , the recent literature suggests that four main things may affect the [first] selection of graduates .

Thus , unlike social class , social network does not require us to project at the initial stage a fully-fledged theory of social structure on to the linguistic data .
thus , unlike social class , social network does not require us to project at the [first] stage a fully-fledged theory of social structure on to the linguistic data .

1963–9 ) Although scholars have noticed instability in initial h spellings in early English , the traditional view is that there is little reliable evidence for ‘ [ h ] -dropping ’ in English much before the end of the eighteenth century , and earlier instability in spelling is usually dismissed as unreliable in handbook accounts .
1963–9 ) although scholars have noticed instability in [first] h spellings in early english , the traditional view is that there is little reliable evidence for ‘ [ h ] -dropping ’ in english much before the end of the eighteenth century , and earlier instability in spelling is usually dismissed as unreliable in handbook accounts .

In modern times [ h ] -dropping — like -in ' for ( ing ) — is extremely widespread and well established : as we have noted above , it is not confined to a particular region ( as voicing of initial fricatives is , for example ) .
in modern times [ h ] -dropping — like -in ' for ( ing ) — is extremely widespread and well established : as we have noted above , it is not confined to a particular region ( as voicing of [first] fricatives is , for example ) .

It may be considered advisable with small units which form a chain of enterprises to expand trading by means of partnership or sole trading so that initial losses made in new units may be offset against profit obtained through trading at established units .
it may be considered advisable with small units which form a chain of enterprises to expand trading by means of partnership or sole trading so that [first] losses made in new units may be offset against profit obtained through trading at established units .

An initial fee is payable to the franchisor , as well as a percentage of the annual profits .
an [first] fee is payable to the franchisor , as well as a percentage of the annual profits .

The initial cost of a catering franchise in the fast-food industry may be extremely high , depending on the product and its profile within the market .
the [first] cost of a catering franchise in the fast-food industry may be extremely high , depending on the product and its profile within the market .

Initial costs can be between £¼ and £½ million .
[first] costs can be between £¼ and £½ million .

Usually the initial fee payable to the franchisor is between 5 per cent and 10 per cent of the total investment .
usually the [first] fee payable to the franchisor is between 5 per cent and 10 per cent of the total investment .

The fees payable by a franchisee to the franchisor include an initial fee which gives the franchisee the right to use the brand name within the specified territory , product training and advice on starting up the business .
the fees payable by a franchisee to the franchisor include an [first] fee which gives the franchisee the right to use the brand name within the specified territory , product training and advice on starting up the business .

the initial fee to be paid by the franchisee for the franchise , the service fee and the advertising levy ;
the [first] fee to be paid by the franchisee for the franchise , the service fee and the advertising levy ;

This first step towards abstraction is complemented by the initial stages of differentiation .
this first step towards abstraction is complemented by the [first] stages of differentiation .

As with Hegel , following the initial creation of subject-object relations in consciousness , there arises an increasing awareness of the existence of other subjects , and therefore also the possibility of other values and social relations in the world .
as with hegel , following the [first] creation of subject-object relations in consciousness , there arises an increasing awareness of the existence of other subjects , and therefore also the possibility of other values and social relations in the world .

There are two elements to this initial use of symbolism : a representational imitation which derives from the early mode of direct imitations , and the new ludic mode which distorts the environment , changing the significance of a given external object , and permitting it to be used as the subject desires ( 1962 : 102 ) .
there are two elements to this [first] use of symbolism : a representational imitation which derives from the early mode of direct imitations , and the new ludic mode which distorts the environment , changing the significance of a given external object , and permitting it to be used as the subject desires ( 1962 : 102 ) .

For both Piaget and Hegel , the initial stages are highly egocentric , equivalent to the development of mind , but in the later stages the subject is increasingly confronted by the social world in which rules are imposed from the outside .
for both piaget and hegel , the [first] stages are highly egocentric , equivalent to the development of mind , but in the later stages the subject is increasingly confronted by the social world in which rules are imposed from the outside .

The initial model for this work may be Freud 's concept of the super-ego , which is the interiorized form taken by parental authority .
the [first] model for this work may be freud 's concept of the super-ego , which is the interiorized form taken by parental authority .

As an initial example , one of the most fundamental ranges of objects in contemporary British society will be examined , that is the variety of house styles found in residential developments .
as an [first] example , one of the most fundamental ranges of objects in contemporary british society will be examined , that is the variety of house styles found in residential developments .

In as much , however , as the cultural forms thereby produced become the external environment through which emerge other groups whose interests are not identical , and indeed may be contrary , to their own , we are faced with the situation described in the discussion of building styles above , where the dominated group is forced to attempt to invest itself in the domain of culture represented by the built environment in terms of a set of objects whose initial meanings are antagonistic to its own interests .
in as much , however , as the cultural forms thereby produced become the external environment through which emerge other groups whose interests are not identical , and indeed may be contrary , to their own , we are faced with the situation described in the discussion of building styles above , where the dominated group is forced to attempt to invest itself in the domain of culture represented by the built environment in terms of a set of objects whose [first] meanings are antagonistic to its own interests .

In all these cases regional incentives might be important , but only in the context of a need to reduce costs and an ability to move , rather than as the initial motivation , and as part of a bundle of considerations rather than as a separable ‘ factor ’ .
in all these cases regional incentives might be important , but only in the context of a need to reduce costs and an ability to move , rather than as the [first] motivation , and as part of a bundle of considerations rather than as a separable ‘ factor ’ .

Early development is likely to be uneven because of differentiation in initial conditions .
early development is likely to be uneven because of differentiation in [first] conditions .

By contrast , regions which lose out in the early development will see even their initial potential undermined relative to the growth-regions .
by contrast , regions which lose out in the early development will see even their [first] potential undermined relative to the growth-regions .

Hall argues that for the fifth Kondratiev one of the key elements is the presence of scientific research : the initial trigger for the development of the new industries of this long wave — electronics , information technology and biotechnology .
hall argues that for the fifth kondratiev one of the key elements is the presence of scientific research : the [first] trigger for the development of the new industries of this long wave — electronics , information technology and biotechnology .

The initial focus will be upon the notion of structural change that is employed in post-industrial arguments , which , it should be noted , is taken to represent not merely a change in the direction of the economy , but a shift from one type of economic system to another .
the [first] focus will be upon the notion of structural change that is employed in post-industrial arguments , which , it should be noted , is taken to represent not merely a change in the direction of the economy , but a shift from one type of economic system to another .

Often there are projects whose cash flows do not follow the conventional pattern of an initial net outflow followed by a series of net cash inflows .
often there are projects whose cash flows do not follow the conventional pattern of an [first] net outflow followed by a series of net cash inflows .

For example , it could be that after initial investment has taken place further capital investment may be required in a subsequent period which , in that year , is greater than the firm 's net trading cash inflows .
for example , it could be that after [first] investment has taken place further capital investment may be required in a subsequent period which , in that year , is greater than the firm 's net trading cash inflows .

There is a significant difference between the initial investments required by each project .
there is a significant difference between the [first] investments required by each project .

The initial tenderness with which Jean-Claude had wooed me , had enveloped me and won me , had never developed into compassion .
the [first] tenderness with which jean-claude had wooed me , had enveloped me and won me , had never developed into compassion .

The originator is the initial advocate of an idea and should be actively involved in its development .
the originator is the [first] advocate of an idea and should be actively involved in its development .

Initial screening
[first] screening

If the originator chooses to proceed , he or she enters the next phase , referred to as initial screening .
if the originator chooses to proceed , he or she enters the next phase , referred to as [first] screening .

The Japanese took the initial technology and kept moving it forward .
the japanese took the [first] technology and kept moving it forward .

Todd 's detailed analyses relate the distribution of these family types to cultural development processes , leading to the conclusion that development involves two processes : the first is ‘ self-generated take-off ’ ( p. 176 ) and there is ‘ a geographical coincidence between the distribution of these family types and that of the literacy take-off ’ ; the second is the outward diffusion of development from the initial poles , which ‘ occurs all the faster , the more receptive to it is the anthropological terrain ' .
todd 's detailed analyses relate the distribution of these family types to cultural development processes , leading to the conclusion that development involves two processes : the first is ‘ self-generated take-off ’ ( p. 176 ) and there is ‘ a geographical coincidence between the distribution of these family types and that of the literacy take-off ’ ; the second is the outward diffusion of development from the [first] poles , which ‘ occurs all the faster , the more receptive to it is the anthropological terrain ' .

( Here , in — and im — represent the same grammatical element : the prefix merely adapts itself phonetically to the initial consonant of the root . )
( here , in — and im — represent the same grammatical element : the prefix merely adapts itself phonetically to the [first] consonant of the root . )

The second type of ‘ meaningful ’ phonetic sequence is exemplified by the initial consonant clusters in
the second type of ‘ meaningful ’ phonetic sequence is exemplified by the [first] consonant clusters in

This initial investigation and the subsequent discussion ( which we will come to shortly ) obviously had the desired effect because the follow-up urging the development of curriculum policies at local level showed movement on these issues .
this [first] investigation and the subsequent discussion ( which we will come to shortly ) obviously had the desired effect because the follow-up urging the development of curriculum policies at local level showed movement on these issues .

Mills ( 1980 ) argues that both initial and in-service teacher education fails to prepare them for the task .
mills ( 1980 ) argues that both [first] and in-service teacher education fails to prepare them for the task .

The initial stimulus for the work was a story : The Shrinking of Treehorn by Florence Parry Heide .
the [first] stimulus for the work was a story : the shrinking of treehorn by florence parry heide .

Generally , however , it was the policy of the union to appoint `` delegates `` from Sunderland or elsewhere to do this initial work .
generally , however , it was the policy of the union to appoint `` delegates `` from sunderland or elsewhere to do this [first] work .

Initial public sympathy for the movement evaporated under the threat of mass picketing and disorder .
[first] public sympathy for the movement evaporated under the threat of mass picketing and disorder .

Following his experience of the 1880s , Wilson 's initial approach to the problem of foreign seamen was to regard them as a danger to his union , both in providing cheap labour and in posing a threat to its policy of restricting the manning of ships to its own members .
following his experience of the 1880s , wilson 's [first] approach to the problem of foreign seamen was to regard them as a danger to his union , both in providing cheap labour and in posing a threat to its policy of restricting the manning of ships to its own members .

It was hardly surprising that after an initial period of cooperation and even of euphoria , unrest and discontent , mingled with weariness of a conflict which became ever more bloody and apparently endless , began to grow .
it was hardly surprising that after an [first] period of cooperation and even of euphoria , unrest and discontent , mingled with weariness of a conflict which became ever more bloody and apparently endless , began to grow .

This is admittedly a rather crude distinction , but one which could be justified by the very uneven break — some 80 per cent of establishments were `` non-users `` for each category — which it produced ; For experimental purposes we also separated out `` high user establishments where the number of fixed-term contract or agency workers used was the equivalent of five per cent or more of the labour force but the results thereby obtained were not more instructive than those obtained by the initial classification and so are reported upon only in a limited fashion .
this is admittedly a rather crude distinction , but one which could be justified by the very uneven break — some 80 per cent of establishments were `` non-users `` for each category — which it produced ; for experimental purposes we also separated out `` high user establishments where the number of fixed-term contract or agency workers used was the equivalent of five per cent or more of the labour force but the results thereby obtained were not more instructive than those obtained by the [first] classification and so are reported upon only in a limited fashion .

The high level of usage of temporary workers in public administration , where union density is high and formal systems of negotiation and consultation firmly established , already suggests that the relationship is by no means as straightforward as the initial proposition implies , and this applies also to private sector establishments .
the high level of usage of temporary workers in public administration , where union density is high and formal systems of negotiation and consultation firmly established , already suggests that the relationship is by no means as straightforward as the [first] proposition implies , and this applies also to private sector establishments .

The proportion of people initially becoming unemployed as a result of the coming to an end of a temporary job who found a new job within 10 months of initial registration was not markedly different from the proportion applying to the total sample , even after taking age into account .
the proportion of people initially becoming unemployed as a result of the coming to an end of a temporary job who found a new job within 10 months of [first] registration was not markedly different from the proportion applying to the total sample , even after taking age into account .

Those who became unemployed as a result of the ending of a temporary job , but who did not become long-term unemployed , were more likely to have experienced three or more spells of joblessness and to have had three or more jobs in the 20 months following initial registration than were the sample as a whole .
those who became unemployed as a result of the ending of a temporary job , but who did not become long-term unemployed , were more likely to have experienced three or more spells of joblessness and to have had three or more jobs in the 20 months following [first] registration than were the sample as a whole .

When we examined the larger sample of people whose first jobs after initial unemployment we obtained a very similar picture of a positive relationship between temporary working and recurrent unemployment .
when we examined the larger sample of people whose first jobs after [first] unemployment we obtained a very similar picture of a positive relationship between temporary working and recurrent unemployment .

Regular staff , sometimes nominally of the same grade , provide a sort of supervision for them in the initial period and themselves tend to find that during the peak period they are doing , or doing more consistently , more responsible jobs than during the rest of the year .
regular staff , sometimes nominally of the same grade , provide a sort of supervision for them in the [first] period and themselves tend to find that during the peak period they are doing , or doing more consistently , more responsible jobs than during the rest of the year .

Those wanting to stay throughout the season do so , but they constitute only about a quarter of initial recruitments and come disproportionately from the category of `` persons who work in the holiday Industry `` and usually occupy the more skilled jobs .
those wanting to stay throughout the season do so , but they constitute only about a quarter of [first] recruitments and come disproportionately from the category of `` persons who work in the holiday industry `` and usually occupy the more skilled jobs .

Those people whose first job on leaving unemployment was a `` temporary `` one were more likely to suffer multiple spells of unemployment , to hold many jobs , to experience a longer time in unemployment and a shorter time in employment over the 20 months following their initial registration than those whose first job was a `` permanent `` one [ see Tables 4.3.5 ] .
those people whose first job on leaving unemployment was a `` temporary `` one were more likely to suffer multiple spells of unemployment , to hold many jobs , to experience a longer time in unemployment and a shorter time in employment over the 20 months following their [first] registration than those whose first job was a `` permanent `` one [ see tables 4.3.5 ] .

As they became conscious of the `` new `` temporary working , the unions ' initial response was to harden their historical stance .
as they became conscious of the `` new `` temporary working , the unions ' [first] response was to harden their historical stance .

No record of the initial request is kept and the shape and style only evolves as the metal is worked .
no record of the [first] request is kept and the shape and style only evolves as the metal is worked .

In our attempts to draw the design activity back to a single integrated whole we have to look back to parallels close to that point of initial separation .
in our attempts to draw the design activity back to a single integrated whole we have to look back to parallels close to that point of [first] separation .

In practice this will not always be the case ; certainly in the initial , exploratory phases of design .
in practice this will not always be the case ; certainly in the [first] , exploratory phases of design .

These may be `` laid in `` by the designer himself , and evoked during the initial concept stage or during the component verification or inspection stage .
these may be `` laid in `` by the designer himself , and evoked during the [first] concept stage or during the component verification or inspection stage .

Initial tests on the assembly , however , are all conducted on domains aligned to the reference space coordinate system .
[first] tests on the assembly , however , are all conducted on domains aligned to the reference space coordinate system .

With the spatial approach , the initial relationships between objects are established by the interpretation of the local orthogonal domains or bricks ( see Chapter 5 ) .
with the spatial approach , the [first] relationships between objects are established by the interpretation of the local orthogonal domains or bricks ( see chapter 5 ) .

Solid modelling thus allows the domain handling approach to be extended from the initial gross object definition level right down to the elemental description of local geometry by use of primitives .
solid modelling thus allows the domain handling approach to be extended from the [first] gross object definition level right down to the elemental description of local geometry by use of primitives .

The connecting network thus handles both levels of data transfer through the initial step of passing management-type requests which can pick out the necessary engineering data for the problem solution .
the connecting network thus handles both levels of data transfer through the [first] step of passing management-type requests which can pick out the necessary engineering data for the problem solution .

The first is during the initial design phase , and the second is during design change .
the first is during the [first] design phase , and the second is during design change .

These are simply handled by imposing initial `` offset `` freedoms to any defined movement .
these are simply handled by imposing [first] `` offset `` freedoms to any defined movement .

Their initial abuse would give way to laughter when they understood we were looking for a prahu which would carry us eastwards .
their [first] abuse would give way to laughter when they understood we were looking for a prahu which would carry us eastwards .

An initial difficulty on this appeal is that there is no note , approved or unapproved , of the judge 's reasons .
an [first] difficulty on this appeal is that there is no note , approved or unapproved , of the judge 's reasons .

What was witnessed by British troops , however , was the initial treatment by Tito 's partisans of the Croats surrendered around Bleiburg , including many civilians who were marched north-east through Austria towards the Yugoslav frontier near Lavamund .
what was witnessed by british troops , however , was the [first] treatment by tito 's partisans of the croats surrendered around bleiburg , including many civilians who were marched north-east through austria towards the yugoslav frontier near lavamund .

From a herb border to a complete herb garden is not a very long step , and once the initial interest has been started with the planting of single plants here and there in the garden , it is not long before friends are giving one new species , other varieties are discovered at garden centres , and catalogues are found to list even more .
from a herb border to a complete herb garden is not a very long step , and once the [first] interest has been started with the planting of single plants here and there in the garden , it is not long before friends are giving one new species , other varieties are discovered at garden centres , and catalogues are found to list even more .

Do this initial cultivation in early spring , and be ready to hoe or fork out weeds again once or twice more before planting or sowing in mid-spring , as weed seeds will germinate more readily when the soil is disturbed , and with the start of warmer weather .
do this [first] cultivation in early spring , and be ready to hoe or fork out weeds again once or twice more before planting or sowing in mid-spring , as weed seeds will germinate more readily when the soil is disturbed , and with the start of warmer weather .

Moisture loss can be prevented with a covering of compost on the soil surface ( mulch ) , and by mixing compost in during the initial digging each spring .
moisture loss can be prevented with a covering of compost on the soil surface ( mulch ) , and by mixing compost in during the [first] digging each spring .

was seen as indicating that the initial registration of a stimulus ( the icon ) is equivalent in left and right hemispheres .
was seen as indicating that the [first] registration of a stimulus ( the icon ) is equivalent in left and right hemispheres .

Inglis ( 1965 ) summarised data which showed that among individuals with memory defects only the number of items recalled from the second ear differed from the number recalled by normal control subjects , whereas recall from the initial ear was similar for both groups .
inglis ( 1965 ) summarised data which showed that among individuals with memory defects only the number of items recalled from the second ear differed from the number recalled by normal control subjects , whereas recall from the [first] ear was similar for both groups .

The syllables heard at the two ears differed only in the initial consonant or only in the middle vowel .
the syllables heard at the two ears differed only in the [first] consonant or only in the middle vowel .

Over a number of sessions the proportion of subjects showing a right-ear preference for verbal stimuli tends to increase due to the greater probability of change among subjects showing an initial left ear advantage ( Blumstein , Goodglass and Tartter , 1975 ; Shankweiler and Studdert-Kennedy , 1975 ) .
over a number of sessions the proportion of subjects showing a right-ear preference for verbal stimuli tends to increase due to the greater probability of change among subjects showing an [first] left ear advantage ( blumstein , goodglass and tartter , 1975 ; shankweiler and studdert-kennedy , 1975 ) .

It is thus crucial to choose a common reference position that avoids any initial bias in potential difference between each of the hemisphere leads and the common reference .
it is thus crucial to choose a common reference position that avoids any [first] bias in potential difference between each of the hemisphere leads and the common reference .

Although analysis of initial eye movements revealed no statistically significant effect of question type on direction of eye movement , the average frequency of all lateral eye movements in response to verbal questions was greater for movements towards the right .
although analysis of [first] eye movements revealed no statistically significant effect of question type on direction of eye movement , the average frequency of all lateral eye movements in response to verbal questions was greater for movements towards the right .

Cohn ( 1971 ) presented evidence that summated auditory evoked potentials show a greater amplitude of initial output over the right hemisphere with click stimuli but higher amplitude over the left hemisphere when subjects listen to monosyllabic words .
cohn ( 1971 ) presented evidence that summated auditory evoked potentials show a greater amplitude of [first] output over the right hemisphere with click stimuli but higher amplitude over the left hemisphere when subjects listen to monosyllabic words .

An initial silent viewing lets learners do consciously what we normally do subconsciously .
an [first] silent viewing lets learners do consciously what we normally do subconsciously .

Another strategy is to make deliberate allowance for subjective reactions with an initial viewing task which simply lets trainees loose with their opinions .
another strategy is to make deliberate allowance for subjective reactions with an [first] viewing task which simply lets trainees loose with their opinions .

Again perhaps an initial discussion which does focus on the differences to get that out of the way might be helpful .
again perhaps an [first] discussion which does focus on the differences to get that out of the way might be helpful .

Virtually all possible initial states of a dissipative system are in the basin of an attractor , and so if the motion of a system is followed for long enough , it will end up on an attractor .
virtually all possible [first] states of a dissipative system are in the basin of an attractor , and so if the motion of a system is followed for long enough , it will end up on an attractor .

If a dissipative system has only one attractor , its behaviour as might not seem to depend very much on its initial conditions .
if a dissipative system has only one attractor , its behaviour as might not seem to depend very much on its [first] conditions .

Whatever the initial conditions , all trajectories will eventually arrive on the attractor .
whatever the [first] conditions , all trajectories will eventually arrive on the attractor .

If closely neighbouring points on an attractor give trajectories that , although confined to the attractor , rapidly separate , then motion on the attractor shows a sensitivity to initial conditions .
if closely neighbouring points on an attractor give trajectories that , although confined to the attractor , rapidly separate , then motion on the attractor shows a sensitivity to [first] conditions .

This sensitivity to initial conditions underlies chaos and can be produced by repeated stretching and folding within the attractor .
this sensitivity to [first] conditions underlies chaos and can be produced by repeated stretching and folding within the attractor .

An attractor that has a positive maximal Lyapunov exponent , and so has a high sensitivity to initial conditions , often has a very complicated structure , in that it may have a noninteger , fractal dimension , and have some of the properties of a Cantor set .
an attractor that has a positive maximal lyapunov exponent , and so has a high sensitivity to [first] conditions , often has a very complicated structure , in that it may have a noninteger , fractal dimension , and have some of the properties of a cantor set .

The behaviour of trajectories on an attractor that exhibits sensitivity to initial conditions is strange and unexpected , and the geometry of such an attractor is often strange and complicated .
the behaviour of trajectories on an attractor that exhibits sensitivity to [first] conditions is strange and unexpected , and the geometry of such an attractor is often strange and complicated .

Here we will use the term `` strange attractor `` to refer to attractors that show sensitivity to initial conditions [ 4 , 6 , 14 , 20 , 27 , 28 , 29 ] .
here we will use the term `` strange attractor `` to refer to attractors that show sensitivity to [first] conditions [ 4 , 6 , 14 , 20 , 27 , 28 , 29 ] .

This sensitivity to initial conditions ( or instability for small lateral displacements ) is reflected by the single positive Lyapunov exponent of a strange attractor of a three-dimensional system .
this sensitivity to [first] conditions ( or instability for small lateral displacements ) is reflected by the single positive lyapunov exponent of a strange attractor of a three-dimensional system .

For some combinations of a and b there is more than one possible stable solution : two different periodic solutions , obtained with the same a and b , but different initial conditions , are seen in Figs .
for some combinations of a and b there is more than one possible stable solution : two different periodic solutions , obtained with the same a and b , but different [first] conditions , are seen in figs .

Since , for a given pair of parameters ( a , b ) , there can be more than one attractor , a small change in the initial condition or one of the parameters can switch the solution between attractors .
since , for a given pair of parameters ( a , b ) , there can be more than one attractor , a small change in the [first] condition or one of the parameters can switch the solution between attractors .

This is the initial action , the first step , and , for the writer , it can determine the whole nature of the response that will be made because it imposes , almost unconsciously , a straightjacket on the thought , development and structure that will thereafter be pursued . ``
this is the [first] action , the first step , and , for the writer , it can determine the whole nature of the response that will be made because it imposes , almost unconsciously , a straightjacket on the thought , development and structure that will thereafter be pursued . ``

What is more , if the introduction is clear , precise , forthright , logical and interesting the reader will remember that initial impression and perhaps forgive any purple or turgid passages which may follow !
what is more , if the introduction is clear , precise , forthright , logical and interesting the reader will remember that [first] impression and perhaps forgive any purple or turgid passages which may follow !

Bearing in mind that growth rate is related to size in a non-linear manner , compare growth rates of whelks of the same initial size marked as feeding on different prey .
bearing in mind that growth rate is related to size in a non-linear manner , compare growth rates of whelks of the same [first] size marked as feeding on different prey .

After the initial shock of discovering their daughter is pregnant , parents have to come to terms with this .
after the [first] shock of discovering their daughter is pregnant , parents have to come to terms with this .

However , whatever the initial reaction , a significant number of the girls thought that in fact their relationships with either their mother or their father , or both , had actually improved since they had had their baby .
however , whatever the [first] reaction , a significant number of the girls thought that in fact their relationships with either their mother or their father , or both , had actually improved since they had had their baby .

Others have a mixture of feelings which tend to become more optimistic as time goes on , but at the initial discovery , pregnancy may seem like a disaster .
others have a mixture of feelings which tend to become more optimistic as time goes on , but at the [first] discovery , pregnancy may seem like a disaster .

The initial publicity had , however , encouraged some pregnant girls along , including Sara , who had started coming when she was twenty-four weeks pregnant , and now had three-and-a-half weeks left to go .
the [first] publicity had , however , encouraged some pregnant girls along , including sara , who had started coming when she was twenty-four weeks pregnant , and now had three-and-a-half weeks left to go .

Such factors as the government 's initial anxiety to guarantee an adequate labour force to the ex-serf-owning nobility ; the building of the Trans-Siberian Railway — centrepiece of Russia 's late industrial revolution ; the uncertainties caused by the 1905 revolutionary situation ; Stolypin 's political gamble on agrarian reform : all these circumstances influenced the rate of Siberian settlement in what was one of the largest population shifts in European history .
such factors as the government 's [first] anxiety to guarantee an adequate labour force to the ex-serf-owning nobility ; the building of the trans-siberian railway — centrepiece of russia 's late industrial revolution ; the uncertainties caused by the 1905 revolutionary situation ; stolypin 's political gamble on agrarian reform : all these circumstances influenced the rate of siberian settlement in what was one of the largest population shifts in european history .

This information suggests that though the initial cost is reasonable , the maintenance of the unit will be more expensive than some others with media that are more easily cleaned and re-used .
this information suggests that though the [first] cost is reasonable , the maintenance of the unit will be more expensive than some others with media that are more easily cleaned and re-used .

They are especially good as early introductions into newly-matured systems , where their hardiness enables them to survive any initial problems .
they are especially good as early introductions into newly-matured systems , where their hardiness enables them to survive any [first] problems .

The almost obligatory robot , Bishop ( Lance Henriksen ) , is this time a hero and overcomes Ripley 's initial suspicions .
the almost obligatory robot , bishop ( lance henriksen ) , is this time a hero and overcomes ripley 's [first] suspicions .

For many the initial reason for entering a progressive health organization is to fight for their own rights and welfare .
for many the [first] reason for entering a progressive health organization is to fight for their own rights and welfare .

PHCNs need to be equipped during their initial training with the ability and the desire to continue learning .
phcns need to be equipped during their [first] training with the ability and the desire to continue learning .

Their initial meeting at dinner in Hall was not quite accidental : the nature of the placement was such that strong scholarship candidates were more likely than not to find themselves sitting together .
their [first] meeting at dinner in hall was not quite accidental : the nature of the placement was such that strong scholarship candidates were more likely than not to find themselves sitting together .

As soon as the initial 48 hour period is over , the police must pass to the prosecutor all materials concerning the offence and hand over the investigation to him .
as soon as the [first] 48 hour period is over , the police must pass to the prosecutor all materials concerning the offence and hand over the investigation to him .

Further , although after the initial period the prosecutor may direct police investigation , it is doubtful that prosecutors will have the time or expertise to give more than general directions , thus leaving the police to do the job according to their lights .
further , although after the [first] period the prosecutor may direct police investigation , it is doubtful that prosecutors will have the time or expertise to give more than general directions , thus leaving the police to do the job according to their lights .

If he becomes too closely associated with the initial investigation , his ability to take a critical look at the results of the initial investigation would be greatly undermined .
if he becomes too closely associated with the [first] investigation , his ability to take a critical look at the results of the [first] investigation would be greatly undermined .

It 's as if the initial prophylactic use was enough to salve any consciences , enough to make everyone think , ‘ Well , we 've done our bit ’ , and nobody mentions their absence second time around .
it 's as if the [first] prophylactic use was enough to salve any consciences , enough to make everyone think , ‘ well , we 've done our bit ’ , and nobody mentions their absence second time around .

’ This was done and you were able to see this before making your initial application .
’ this was done and you were able to see this before making your [first] application .

Sets of statements like these , which describe the details of the set-up under investigation , will be referred to as initial conditions .
sets of statements like these , which describe the details of the set-up under investigation , will be referred to as [first] conditions .

Descriptions of experimental set-ups will be typical examples of initial conditions .
descriptions of experimental set-ups will be typical examples of [first] conditions .

Given the laws of optics and the initial conditions , it is now possible to perform deductions yielding an explanation of the formation of a rainbow visible to the observer .
given the laws of optics and the [first] conditions , it is now possible to perform deductions yielding an explanation of the formation of a rainbow visible to the observer .

Initial conditions
[first] conditions

In this case , it turned out not to be the theory at fault but the description of the initial conditions , which did not include a consideration of the yet-to-be-discovered planet Neptune .
in this case , it turned out not to be the theory at fault but the description of the [first] conditions , which did not include a consideration of the yet-to-be-discovered planet neptune .

It consists not only of explicit auxiliary hypotheses supplementing the hard core but also assumptions underlying the description of the initial conditions and also observation statements .
it consists not only of explicit auxiliary hypotheses supplementing the hard core but also assumptions underlying the description of the [first] conditions and also observation statements .

The initial conditions also came to be modified eventually , with the addition of new planets .
the [first] conditions also came to be modified eventually , with the addition of new planets .

The initial formulation of Newton 's programme also implied the desirability of constructing apparatus sensitive enough to detect gravitational attraction on a laboratory scale ( Cavendish 's experiment ) .
the [first] formulation of newton 's programme also implied the desirability of constructing apparatus sensitive enough to detect gravitational attraction on a laboratory scale ( cavendish 's experiment ) .

Those scientists chose to modify the protective belt of the programme by proposing that the initial conditions were inadequate .
those scientists chose to modify the protective belt of the programme by proposing that the [first] conditions were inadequate .

It has been argued that the jobs thereby created do not fit the aspirations of local residents and also perpetuate low incomes , since low wages may have been the initial attraction to employers .
it has been argued that the jobs thereby created do not fit the aspirations of local residents and also perpetuate low incomes , since low wages may have been the [first] attraction to employers .

Aspirants to further or higher education may well have to migrate and , once the initial break with the home area has been made , there is always the possibility that young people will not return to their villages .
aspirants to further or higher education may well have to migrate and , once the [first] break with the home area has been made , there is always the possibility that young people will not return to their villages .

These groups were then further sub-divided according to car ownership , important both in the access it allowed to jobs and services and in the flexibility it offered to migrants in the initial residential search process .
these groups were then further sub-divided according to car ownership , important both in the access it allowed to jobs and services and in the flexibility it offered to migrants in the [first] residential search process .

This new appendage is ‘ out of all proportion to the initial development and separated from its services , including a primary school , by a busy main road ’ ( Blacksell and Gilg 1981 , p. 186 ) .
this new appendage is ‘ out of all proportion to the [first] development and separated from its services , including a primary school , by a busy main road ’ ( blacksell and gilg 1981 , p. 186 ) .

If , therefore , someone wishes to assert a right to confidentiality , the initial burden of establishing circumstances giving rise to this right lies upon him .
if , therefore , someone wishes to assert a right to confidentiality , the [first] burden of establishing circumstances giving rise to this right lies upon him .

The judge 's initial view was that these were matters for the trial but he was persuaded otherwise by the arguments of counsel .
the judge 's [first] view was that these were matters for the trial but he was persuaded otherwise by the arguments of counsel .

The police officer 's initial response in evidence — he was ‘ satisfied that it was of no evidential value to our case ’ — was unfortunate and regarded by the judge as ‘ striking , ’ notwithstanding his later qualification that it was of no value in any direction .
the police officer 's [first] response in evidence — he was ‘ satisfied that it was of no evidential value to our case ’ — was unfortunate and regarded by the judge as ‘ striking , ’ notwithstanding his later qualification that it was of no value in any direction .

Indeed , if one side of the initial impact of American twentieth-century popular song was its ‘ Taylorist ’ production-line quality , the other was its thematizing of shockingly ebullient , vernacular , everyday noise .
indeed , if one side of the [first] impact of american twentieth-century popular song was its ‘ taylorist ’ production-line quality , the other was its thematizing of shockingly ebullient , vernacular , everyday noise .

Most investment projects , however , will involve substantial initial costs and will generate sales revenue over an extended period , so the problem arises of comparison of present costs and future prospective revenues .
most investment projects , however , will involve substantial [first] costs and will generate sales revenue over an extended period , so the problem arises of comparison of present costs and future prospective revenues .

The Tories had broadly accepted ‘ Attlee 's consensus ’ , although Churchill was already critical of ‘ socialist bureaucracy ’ and ‘ loss-making nationalised industries ’ and his party promised a further relaxation of wartime controls on workers , consumers and private capital ; the Labour leadership had basically achieved what they had set out to achieve in the initial round of nationalisation and formation of the National Health Service and had no new radical project to present to their working class supporters , while the broader ‘ labour movement ’ in the country was not unified around any radical demands for further government action .
the tories had broadly accepted ‘ attlee 's consensus ’ , although churchill was already critical of ‘ socialist bureaucracy ’ and ‘ loss-making nationalised industries ’ and his party promised a further relaxation of wartime controls on workers , consumers and private capital ; the labour leadership had basically achieved what they had set out to achieve in the [first] round of nationalisation and formation of the national health service and had no new radical project to present to their working class supporters , while the broader ‘ labour movement ’ in the country was not unified around any radical demands for further government action .

Much of the activity was puerile and faded away once the initial pride in seeing the list of names and the hopes of government favour had vanished .
much of the activity was puerile and faded away once the [first] pride in seeing the list of names and the hopes of government favour had vanished .

When the uneasy initial co-operation of the authorities was broken by the oath to Joseph ( April 1809 ) Duhesme 's corrupt military government was served by Casanova : a profiteer in identity cards , ransoms , and municipal marketing , an adventurer with a mistress and a mansion , he became one of the richest , as well as the most powerful man , in occupied Barcelona .
when the uneasy [first] co-operation of the authorities was broken by the oath to joseph ( april 1809 ) duhesme 's corrupt military government was served by casanova : a profiteer in identity cards , ransoms , and municipal marketing , an adventurer with a mistress and a mansion , he became one of the richest , as well as the most powerful man , in occupied barcelona .

An independent hint that it was being used even earlier than the Shang dynasty is the appearance of turquoise , the nearest sources of which were situated on the Iranian plateau , during the initial Erh-li-t'ou stage of the Bronze Age .
an independent hint that it was being used even earlier than the shang dynasty is the appearance of turquoise , the nearest sources of which were situated on the iranian plateau , during the [first] erh-li-t'ou stage of the bronze age .

The initial bone of contention was the question of the terms on which sympathizers should be admitted to the party .
the [first] bone of contention was the question of the terms on which sympathizers should be admitted to the party .

The initial public response to the outbreak of war was an upsurge of patriotic fervour , at any rate among the middle and upper classes : the Kadet leadership in the Duma called for a political truce and national unity against the common enemy .
the [first] public response to the outbreak of war was an upsurge of patriotic fervour , at any rate among the middle and upper classes : the kadet leadership in the duma called for a political truce and national unity against the common enemy .

An initial invasion of East Prussia relieved German pressure on the French but led to disastrous Russian defeats at Tannenberg and the Masurian Lakes .
an [first] invasion of east prussia relieved german pressure on the french but led to disastrous russian defeats at tannenberg and the masurian lakes .

Initial awkwardness and self-consciousness dissolve swiftly in such surroundings , and we have grown close , sharing a sense of dumbstruck awe before the landscape .
[first] awkwardness and self-consciousness dissolve swiftly in such surroundings , and we have grown close , sharing a sense of dumbstruck awe before the landscape .

For in their case an initial violation of the presumption of innocence is further compounded by a complete absence in Britain ( almost uniquely — see Shelbourn , 1979 ) of any entitlement to compensation for wrongful detention before conviction .
for in their case an [first] violation of the presumption of innocence is further compounded by a complete absence in britain ( almost uniquely — see shelbourn , 1979 ) of any entitlement to compensation for wrongful detention before conviction .

Wide discretion on the part of sentencers is a hallmark of the system , and this extends both to the initial choice of sentencing aim which the sentencer thinks it appropriate to pursue in any given case , and to the selection of a particular measure from the extensive range that is available .
wide discretion on the part of sentencers is a hallmark of the system , and this extends both to the [first] choice of sentencing aim which the sentencer thinks it appropriate to pursue in any given case , and to the selection of a particular measure from the extensive range that is available .

However , you could use that initial unthinking response to the idea `` vicar `` to fool your reader , as for instance in a short story , by saying no more about the vicar and elsewhere stating that the murder could have been committed only by a man of enormous physical strength .
however , you could use that [first] unthinking response to the idea `` vicar `` to fool your reader , as for instance in a short story , by saying no more about the vicar and elsewhere stating that the murder could have been committed only by a man of enormous physical strength .

The temptation and the suspense novel , a book in which a high degree of identification both from intellectual curiosity and emotional involvement is necessary for the writer as much as the reader , is to catch hold of some intriguing initial situation , sit down at the typewriter and go racing ahead from there .
the temptation and the suspense novel , a book in which a high degree of identification both from intellectual curiosity and emotional involvement is necessary for the writer as much as the reader , is to catch hold of some intriguing [first] situation , sit down at the typewriter and go racing ahead from there .

The same consideration applies to the initial impetus for your story .
the same consideration applies to the [first] impetus for your story .

After the initial excesses which followed the reoccupation of Belgrade , the grand vizier declared an amnesty , and many Serbs who had fled into the hills and the impenetrable oak forests of Šumadija returned to their homes .
after the [first] excesses which followed the reoccupation of belgrade , the grand vizier declared an amnesty , and many serbs who had fled into the hills and the impenetrable oak forests of šumadija returned to their homes .

In spite of his initial impression , he was breathing without difficulty .
in spite of his [first] impression , he was breathing without difficulty .

There was no way of guessing at the depth , and as the pod continued to fall it became increasingly obvious that his initial impression had been correct .
there was no way of guessing at the depth , and as the pod continued to fall it became increasingly obvious that his [first] impression had been correct .

He was annoyed at himself for being pleased by his son 's initial welcome .
he was annoyed at himself for being pleased by his son 's [first] welcome .

If futures are mispriced , this will lead to arbitrage transactions , and these will tend to remove the initial mispricing by pushing the spot and futures prices back into line .
if futures are mispriced , this will lead to arbitrage transactions , and these will tend to remove the [first] mispricing by pushing the spot and futures prices back into line .

Furbush ( 1989 ) also studied the extent to which arbitrage activity reduces the size of the initial mispricing .
furbush ( 1989 ) also studied the extent to which arbitrage activity reduces the size of the [first] mispricing .

5.3.7 No initial margin
5.3.7 no [first] margin

The derivation of the no-arbitrage condition can be generalized to include the case where initial margin payments are required .
the derivation of the no-arbitrage condition can be generalized to include the case where [first] margin payments are required .

Green ( 1986 ) has argued that , in the absence of a market in index futures , traders without an initial long position in shares can not reveal any bad news they may possess about share returns because short selling shares is difficult .
green ( 1986 ) has argued that , in the absence of a market in index futures , traders without an [first] long position in shares can not reveal any bad news they may possess about share returns because short selling shares is difficult .

Tailing a futures position means that it is reduced by multiplying the initial position by each day , where r is the riskless interest rate over the period to delivery .
tailing a futures position means that it is reduced by multiplying the [first] position by each day , where r is the riskless interest rate over the period to delivery .

Thus , if the investment is defined as the initial margin , the variance of the resulting returns will be several hundred times larger than if the spot price is used as the investment .
thus , if the investment is defined as the [first] margin , the variance of the resulting returns will be several hundred times larger than if the spot price is used as the investment .

Much of the initial cost of setting up the campaign was covered either by various committee members somehow doing things for free or came from the remainder of the money raised at the Comedy Store .
much of the [first] cost of setting up the campaign was covered either by various committee members somehow doing things for free or came from the remainder of the money raised at the comedy store .

We 'd guessed that whatever local dispute had provoked the initial spat it was now a battle between much larger factions , probably Amal and Hezbollah .
we 'd guessed that whatever local dispute had provoked the [first] spat it was now a battle between much larger factions , probably amal and hezbollah .

What bothered us was the initial reaction by Reagan and Thatcher , both of whom seemed to think that condemning the Iranians for the accident was perfectly reasonable .
what bothered us was the [first] reaction by reagan and thatcher , both of whom seemed to think that condemning the iranians for the accident was perfectly reasonable .

With the likes of Martin Amis ( still the leader of the pack — a fine first of The Rachel Papers could now fetch £500 ) , Julian Barnes , Dick Francis , Wendy Cope , John Mortimer , Kazuo Ishiguro , Tom Stoppard and quite a few more , one has to be fairly quick off the mark ; with others , a more leisurely approach is adopted , either because the first edition tends to hang about , or — in such cases as le Carré and Forsyth — when the initial print runs are so huge as to discourage panic buying .
with the likes of martin amis ( still the leader of the pack — a fine first of the rachel papers could now fetch £500 ) , julian barnes , dick francis , wendy cope , john mortimer , kazuo ishiguro , tom stoppard and quite a few more , one has to be fairly quick off the mark ; with others , a more leisurely approach is adopted , either because the first edition tends to hang about , or — in such cases as le carré and forsyth — when the [first] print runs are so huge as to discourage panic buying .

After some initial hesitation it now seems to be generally accepted that the value should be assessed at the date of the conversion ( though it should be noted that in other contexts the courts show some resistance to any universal rule that damages are to be assessed at the date of the wrong ) .
after some [first] hesitation it now seems to be generally accepted that the value should be assessed at the date of the conversion ( though it should be noted that in other contexts the courts show some resistance to any universal rule that damages are to be assessed at the date of the wrong ) .

The overwhelming majority of these are promoted by government , and thus the initial ‘ Bills ’ are prepared by civil servants within the departments .
the overwhelming majority of these are promoted by government , and thus the [first] ‘ bills ’ are prepared by civil servants within the departments .

Some of these require parliamentary approval ; others may be annulled if a negative resolution is passed by either House within forty days of their initial publication .
some of these require parliamentary approval ; others may be annulled if a negative resolution is passed by either house within forty days of their [first] publication .

Members put down initial questions in advance .
members put down [first] questions in advance .

It is this tension that can then sometimes be seen as leading to central efforts to curb the independence of agencies whose initial freedom was provided by government .
it is this tension that can then sometimes be seen as leading to central efforts to curb the independence of agencies whose [first] freedom was provided by government .

Accordingly , all authorities must provide facilities for the initial and temporary reception of children with the necessary skilled staff for observing and assessing their physical , mental and emotional condition .
accordingly , all authorities must provide facilities for the [first] and temporary reception of children with the necessary skilled staff for observing and assessing their physical , mental and emotional condition .

Compulsory admission for treatment ( section 3 ) is possible , but the conditions are now more stringent than formerly and the periods of initial and subsequent detention have been reduced to six months , a further six months and then for one year at a time , and the patients ' rights of appeal to the Mental Health Review Tribunal have been strengthened .
compulsory admission for treatment ( section 3 ) is possible , but the conditions are now more stringent than formerly and the periods of [first] and subsequent detention have been reduced to six months , a further six months and then for one year at a time , and the patients ' rights of appeal to the mental health review tribunal have been strengthened .

Mean initial pressures and pressures at follow up in 1989 or preceding and all cardiovascular events .
mean [first] pressures and pressures at follow up in 1989 or preceding and all cardiovascular events .

Male group mean initial blood pressure was 164/110 mm Hg for cases , falling to 148/89 mm Hg at follow up .
male group mean [first] blood pressure was 164/110 mm hg for cases , falling to 148/89 mm hg at follow up .

Female group mean initial pressure was 172/107 mm Hg for cases , falling to 145/86 mm Hg at follow up .
female group mean [first] pressure was 172/107 mm hg for cases , falling to 145/86 mm hg at follow up .

Group mean initial pressure for three ascertainment readings in the hypertensives was 165/110 mm Hg for men and 172/107 mm Hg for women , and 128/79 and 124/78 mm Hg respectively for controls .
group mean [first] pressure for three ascertainment readings in the hypertensives was 165/110 mm hg for men and 172/107 mm hg for women , and 128/79 and 124/78 mm hg respectively for controls .

The proportion of stated smokers among male hypertensives fell from an initial 17 of the 25 to eight , and in controls from 17 of 25 to 10 .
the proportion of stated smokers among male hypertensives fell from an [first] 17 of the 25 to eight , and in controls from 17 of 25 to 10 .

The technique was first described in its initial format in 1985 , and over the next three years appreciation of its potential gradually became widespread .
the technique was first described in its [first] format in 1985 , and over the next three years appreciation of its potential gradually became widespread .

‘ Had the care manager stuck to the initial referral alone , which was for respite care , she would have sorted them out for that , and that would have been it . ’
‘ had the care manager stuck to the [first] referral alone , which was for respite care , she would have sorted them out for that , and that would have been it . ’

The initial trials quickly revealed how difficult it is to develop one set of forms which can be used to assess the progress of all children
the [first] trials quickly revealed how difficult it is to develop one set of forms which can be used to assess the progress of all children

Despite initial fears that completing the assessments would prove arduous , workers and managers have found the forms useful for identifying gaps in care .
despite [first] fears that completing the assessments would prove arduous , workers and managers have found the forms useful for identifying gaps in care .

The initial trials quickly revealed how difficult it is to develop one set of forms which can be used to assess the progress of all children .
the [first] trials quickly revealed how difficult it is to develop one set of forms which can be used to assess the progress of all children .

The attitude of the family has implications for the style of initial assessment carried out by the psychiatrist ; if the psychiatrist realises from the outset that other agencies are involved then consent of the family for reports may be obtained at an early stage .
the attitude of the family has implications for the style of [first] assessment carried out by the psychiatrist ; if the psychiatrist realises from the outset that other agencies are involved then consent of the family for reports may be obtained at an early stage .

The data presented were drawn from detailed clinical interview of new patients at the point of initial assessment .
the data presented were drawn from detailed clinical interview of new patients at the point of [first] assessment .

However , the initial experience was sufficiently encouraging for all the practices to proceed to real fundholding in October 1991 .
however , the [first] experience was sufficiently encouraging for all the practices to proceed to real fundholding in october 1991 .

That the initial phase of the project has been carried out so quickly and smoothly is a tribute to the dedication and professionalism of many health care workers throughout Shetland .
that the [first] phase of the project has been carried out so quickly and smoothly is a tribute to the dedication and professionalism of many health care workers throughout shetland .

The commitments of family health services authorities or health boards to reimburse the costs of initial and continuing training for nurses were low .
the commitments of family health services authorities or health boards to reimburse the costs of [first] and continuing training for nurses were low .

Frequently , the newer and more expensive designs prove , after a few years of use ( and a few hundred hapless patients ) , to give results substantially worse than this and are quietly withdrawn from the market despite initial optimism over their theoretical advantages .
frequently , the newer and more expensive designs prove , after a few years of use ( and a few hundred hapless patients ) , to give results substantially worse than this and are quietly withdrawn from the market despite [first] optimism over their theoretical advantages .

The advantage of chemotherapy in previously asymptomatic patients might be questioned in view of the side effects and the initial , though only minor and transient , decrease in patients ' subjective wellbeing .
the advantage of chemotherapy in previously asymptomatic patients might be questioned in view of the side effects and the [first] , though only minor and transient , decrease in patients ' subjective wellbeing .

However , our study was conducted before ondansetron became available , which in our experience would probably have prevented the initial decrease in quality of life in patients receiving cisplatin .
however , our study was conducted before ondansetron became available , which in our experience would probably have prevented the [first] decrease in quality of life in patients receiving cisplatin .

In 1983 the initial results after 12 months were reported , which showed the effects with assessment by otoscopic examination .
in 1983 the [first] results after 12 months were reported , which showed the effects with assessment by otoscopic examination .

From an initial population of 472 children , 228 satisfied the five criteria at each of three preoperative assessments separated by intervals of six weeks .
from an [first] population of 472 children , 228 satisfied the five criteria at each of three preoperative assessments separated by intervals of six weeks .

Access to mental health services often bypasses social services departments ( unlike services such as those for the elderly ) ; thus the bulk of the initial screening will probably be undertaken by staff not working for the local authority .
access to mental health services often bypasses social services departments ( unlike services such as those for the elderly ) ; thus the bulk of the [first] screening will probably be undertaken by staff not working for the local authority .

Stage 2 : Determining the level of assessment — Making an initial identification of need and matching the appropriate level of assessment to that need .
stage 2 : determining the level of assessment — making an [first] identification of need and matching the appropriate level of assessment to that need .

Many infections of the central nervous system may have prominent psychiatric manifestations , leading to initial misdiagnosis , psychopharmacological intervention , and delay in starting appropriate treatment .
many infections of the central nervous system may have prominent psychiatric manifestations , leading to [first] misdiagnosis , psychopharmacological intervention , and delay in starting appropriate treatment .

In each case the primary diagnosis was substance abuse , and initial treatment was given accordingly .
in each case the primary diagnosis was substance abuse , and [first] treatment was given accordingly .

However , if an immediate scan is available then most would advocate its initial use to minimise the risk of coning .
however , if an immediate scan is available then most would advocate its [first] use to minimise the risk of coning .

All-in arrangements include air fare , full board , initial medical consultation , thermal baths , mud-packs , massages , passes for various institutions and facilities in the town , and vouchers for the Baden bus shuttle which links the spa with the old quarter and the shops .
all-in arrangements include air fare , full board , [first] medical consultation , thermal baths , mud-packs , massages , passes for various institutions and facilities in the town , and vouchers for the baden bus shuttle which links the spa with the old quarter and the shops .

Six months after the initial prompt the next cycle of prompting starts again
six months after the [first] prompt the next cycle of prompting starts again

No response results in the system defaulting to the next prompt six months from the initial blood test prompt
no response results in the system defaulting to the next prompt six months from the [first] blood test prompt

Chest x ray appearances on discharge from hospital after initial admission ( top ) and 18 days later on readmission ( bottom )
chest x ray appearances on discharge from hospital after [first] admission ( top ) and 18 days later on readmission ( bottom )

Our patient sustained blunt thoracoabdominal trauma severe enough to cause intra-abdominal bleeding , pelvic fracture , and pulmonary bruising but there was no clinical or radiological evidence of diaphragmatic injury during the initial admission .
our patient sustained blunt thoracoabdominal trauma severe enough to cause intra-abdominal bleeding , pelvic fracture , and pulmonary bruising but there was no clinical or radiological evidence of diaphragmatic injury during the [first] admission .

Had our patient been subjected to an exploratory laparotomy during the initial admission the diaphragmatic tear would have been diagnosed at that time .
had our patient been subjected to an exploratory laparotomy during the [first] admission the diaphragmatic tear would have been diagnosed at that time .

The initial management is supportive , requiring invasive haemodynamic monitoring with arterial , central venous , and pulmonary artery flotation catheters in most cases .
the [first] management is supportive , requiring invasive haemodynamic monitoring with arterial , central venous , and pulmonary artery flotation catheters in most cases .

On the other hand there is the danger of negative attitudes developing about the segregated units after initial enthusiasm , or if they are not properly planned or provided with the resources to provide a truly specialist service .
on the other hand there is the danger of negative attitudes developing about the segregated units after [first] enthusiasm , or if they are not properly planned or provided with the resources to provide a truly specialist service .

The initial growth of CMHTs seems to have been based on assumptions that traditional professional practices could be transformed by organising existing staff ( or existing kinds of professional workers ) in new ways .
the [first] growth of cmhts seems to have been based on assumptions that traditional professional practices could be transformed by organising existing staff ( or existing kinds of professional workers ) in new ways .

That state schools should teach by the oral method , but that a child found incapable of learning lipreading and speech after being taught these subjects for at least the initial year should , with the consent of the parents , be removed from the oral department of the school and , subject to strict segregation , be taught on the sign and manual system elsewhere .
that state schools should teach by the oral method , but that a child found incapable of learning lipreading and speech after being taught these subjects for at least the [first] year should , with the consent of the parents , be removed from the oral department of the school and , subject to strict segregation , be taught on the sign and manual system elsewhere .

It is not appropriate in these initial remarks to offer any sweeping value-judgements of Nizan 's writings , but two points need stressing : First , to understand the full complexity of Nizan 's life and work , it is important to take account of all aspects of his writing activity .
it is not appropriate in these [first] remarks to offer any sweeping value-judgements of nizan 's writings , but two points need stressing : first , to understand the full complexity of nizan 's life and work , it is important to take account of all aspects of his writing activity .

This initial historical contextualisation will prepare the ground for a detailed textual analysis in which the focus will be not only the original moment of production of the text , but also , and by implication , its subsequent moments of reproduction in differing historical circumstances .
this [first] historical contextualisation will prepare the ground for a detailed textual analysis in which the focus will be not only the original moment of production of the text , but also , and by implication , its subsequent moments of reproduction in differing historical circumstances .

It was in a very real sense his natural home , particularly during the initial stages of his membership when the anger and hatred nurtured by Nizan against bourgeois existence and bourgeois culture found sustenance within the counter-culture of a highly sectarian communist party .
it was in a very real sense his natural home , particularly during the [first] stages of his membership when the anger and hatred nurtured by nizan against bourgeois existence and bourgeois culture found sustenance within the counter-culture of a highly sectarian communist party .

The initial phase was characterised above all by an uncompromisingly sectarian political mentality and the growing isolation of the party within the French national political community .
the [first] phase was characterised above all by an uncompromisingly sectarian political mentality and the growing isolation of the party within the french national political community .

The objectives in this section , therefore , are twofold : first , to present the initial phase of socialist realism ( 1934–9 ) as a product of a given historical experience and attempt in the process to elucidate the undoubted attraction that Soviet communism and socialist realism exerted on many French intellectuals of the time ; secondly , to review the criticisms of socialist realism made both by supporters and opponents of the movement , not in order to resolve the highly problematical issues at stake , but in order rather to highlight the nexus of problems and difficulties associated with socialist realism and , very specifically , to draw up an agenda , both political and formal , for discussion when analyzing Nizan 's communist novels .
the objectives in this section , therefore , are twofold : first , to present the [first] phase of socialist realism ( 1934–9 ) as a product of a given historical experience and attempt in the process to elucidate the undoubted attraction that soviet communism and socialist realism exerted on many french intellectuals of the time ; secondly , to review the criticisms of socialist realism made both by supporters and opponents of the movement , not in order to resolve the highly problematical issues at stake , but in order rather to highlight the nexus of problems and difficulties associated with socialist realism and , very specifically , to draw up an agenda , both political and formal , for discussion when analyzing nizan 's communist novels .

’ These authors supplied a further 96 children with an enuresis alarm ; 81 achieved initial success ( 42 consecutive dry nights ) at a mean of 7.3 weeks ( range 1–26 weeks ) .
’ these authors supplied a further 96 children with an enuresis alarm ; 81 achieved [first] success ( 42 consecutive dry nights ) at a mean of 7.3 weeks ( range 1–26 weeks ) .

On initial presentation , 248 ( 14 % ) patients were ‘ not breathless , ’ 900 ( 50 % ) were ‘ moderately breathless , ’ 535 ( 30 % ) were ‘ breathless and distressed , ’ 68 ( 4 % ) were ‘ too breathless to talk , ’ and 2 were ‘ moribund .
on [first] presentation , 248 ( 14 % ) patients were ‘ not breathless , ’ 900 ( 50 % ) were ‘ moderately breathless , ’ 535 ( 30 % ) were ‘ breathless and distressed , ’ 68 ( 4 % ) were ‘ too breathless to talk , ’ and 2 were ‘ moribund .

The best documented measure of severity was a simple classification based on each patient 's initial state of distress on presentation .
the best documented measure of severity was a simple classification based on each patient 's [first] state of distress on presentation .

Add to this our initial difficulty in knowing what to recommend , when the very same paper said that there was no such folic acid supplement to give .
add to this our [first] difficulty in knowing what to recommend , when the very same paper said that there was no such folic acid supplement to give .

The initial question concerned ontological existents in the broadest possible sense of this term , and the preliminary aim was simply to establish a minimal basis for a distinction between such — as yet unspecified — items and other potential topics of discourse .
the [first] question concerned ontological existents in the broadest possible sense of this term , and the preliminary aim was simply to establish a minimal basis for a distinction between such — as yet unspecified — items and other potential topics of discourse .

This approach to psychogeriatric service provision is enthusiastically endorsed by its supporters , but others have expressed misgivings — for example , one survey has reported that referring general practitioners were suspicious of initial psychogeriatric assessments by non-medical disciplines .
this approach to psychogeriatric service provision is enthusiastically endorsed by its supporters , but others have expressed misgivings — for example , one survey has reported that referring general practitioners were suspicious of [first] psychogeriatric assessments by non-medical disciplines .

Initial domiciliary assessments are carried out by either a medical or a non-medical team member by using a semistructured schedule that guides them through the various clinical , functional , social , and other components of the assessment .
[first] domiciliary assessments are carried out by either a medical or a non-medical team member by using a semistructured schedule that guides them through the various clinical , functional , social , and other components of the assessment .

All cases are presented and discussed at the weekly team meeting , after which an initial diagnosis is made .
all cases are presented and discussed at the weekly team meeting , after which an [first] diagnosis is made .

The close agreement between the teams ' assessment diagnoses and those made by formal psychiatric review is reassuring , in that the multidisciplinary approach to initial assessment seems not to lead to misdiagnosis of patients .
the close agreement between the teams ' assessment diagnoses and those made by formal psychiatric review is reassuring , in that the multidisciplinary approach to [first] assessment seems not to lead to misdiagnosis of patients .

Many of the initial assessments by doctors in this study were carried out by trainee psychiatrists who spent only six months with the team as part of their training ; had the proportion of assessments by consultant psychogeriatricians and clinical assistants in the sample been more representative , the agreements between team and research diagnoses might have been closer still .
many of the [first] assessments by doctors in this study were carried out by trainee psychiatrists who spent only six months with the team as part of their training ; had the proportion of assessments by consultant psychogeriatricians and clinical assistants in the sample been more representative , the agreements between team and research diagnoses might have been closer still .

The role of the consultant psychogeriatrician in this service is different from that in the conventional model ; rather than being the principal performer of the initial diagnostic assessments , he or she is directly involved in assessing only dubious , difficult , and urgent cases .
the role of the consultant psychogeriatrician in this service is different from that in the conventional model ; rather than being the principal performer of the [first] diagnostic assessments , he or she is directly involved in assessing only dubious , difficult , and urgent cases .

This report describes the referral patterns of women during pregnancy and the effect this has on the interpretation of perinatal risk ; compares crude perinatal mortality rates between different maternity units ; shows how adjustment for case mix influences the initial rates ; and suggests ways of making analyses of perinatal mortality rates more relevant for evaluating obstetric and neonatal care .
this report describes the referral patterns of women during pregnancy and the effect this has on the interpretation of perinatal risk ; compares crude perinatal mortality rates between different maternity units ; shows how adjustment for case mix influences the [first] rates ; and suggests ways of making analyses of perinatal mortality rates more relevant for evaluating obstetric and neonatal care .

The relatively inexpensive initial methods of screening available ( that is , digital rectal examination and measurement of the prostate specific antigen concentration ) and the advances in transrectal imaging with ultrasound and magnetic resonance imaging all serve to provide a sound backdrop for a screening programme .
the relatively inexpensive [first] methods of screening available ( that is , digital rectal examination and measurement of the prostate specific antigen concentration ) and the advances in transrectal imaging with ultrasound and magnetic resonance imaging all serve to provide a sound backdrop for a screening programme .

In other words , the delay in initial diagnosis of a few months may not matter that much to the urological management of most such patients in Britain .
in other words , the delay in [first] diagnosis of a few months may not matter that much to the urological management of most such patients in britain .

Once finds from excavations have been washed and marked with identifying codes , the initial the initial part of the finds analysis is usually done by the director of the excavation .
once finds from excavations have been washed and marked with identifying codes , the [first] the [first] part of the finds analysis is usually done by the director of the excavation .

The initial , almost routine , analysis of all types of finds from an excavation is only the start of the process of extracting information from the raw data that the finds provide .
the [first] , almost routine , analysis of all types of finds from an excavation is only the start of the process of extracting information from the raw data that the finds provide .

Unfortunately , once the initial silting has taken place , the weathering of the ditch is very slow , and such experiments need to run for a period of over a hundred years to gain the maximum results .
unfortunately , once the [first] silting has taken place , the weathering of the ditch is very slow , and such experiments need to run for a period of over a hundred years to gain the maximum results .

Even at the initial interview for entrance to the College , Minton was able to give the sensation that , whilst the rest of the staff asked difficult questions , he was the potential student 's ally .
even at the [first] interview for entrance to the college , minton was able to give the sensation that , whilst the rest of the staff asked difficult questions , he was the potential student 's ally .

Very quickly this initial impression vanished as she recognised in him a dazzling personality , a person who had only to enter a room and the pace of things altered .
very quickly this [first] impression vanished as she recognised in him a dazzling personality , a person who had only to enter a room and the pace of things altered .

It had been set up with a directly practical focus : to provide insights and resources which would help teachers in initial training to prepare themselves to use activities involving collaborative work between children .
it had been set up with a directly practical focus : to provide insights and resources which would help teachers in [first] training to prepare themselves to use activities involving collaborative work between children .

Teacher support in initial stages
teacher support in [first] stages

Initial reserve was beginning to disappear .
[first] reserve was beginning to disappear .

Many of the initial questions were of exactly the type the previous week 's session had been intended to prevent .
many of the [first] questions were of exactly the type the previous week 's session had been intended to prevent .

In some of the initial interviews , the Russells Hall pupils were quicker to realise the need to ask open questions .
in some of the [first] interviews , the russells hall pupils were quicker to realise the need to ask open questions .

These are his initial notes .
these are his [first] notes .

After initial experiments with raised beds , ramps and customised tools some lateral thinkers from both groups came up with the idea of a wheelchair with a seat which could be lowered to the plants at ground level .
after [first] experiments with raised beds , ramps and customised tools some lateral thinkers from both groups came up with the idea of a wheelchair with a seat which could be lowered to the plants at ground level .

Matthew and Marjorie have already worked together to create the initial design .
matthew and marjorie have already worked together to create the [first] design .

The initial design of the system assumed that levels of attainment were two years of learning apart , so it is unlikely that most statements of attainment will be usable by any teacher without more detailed teaching plans .
the [first] design of the system assumed that levels of attainment were two years of learning apart , so it is unlikely that most statements of attainment will be usable by any teacher without more detailed teaching plans .

The other qualification relates to initial efforts at industrial diversification .
the other qualification relates to [first] efforts at industrial diversification .

There was decline in primary industries with a 70 % fall in employment , but this was from a small initial base .
there was decline in primary industries with a 70 % fall in employment , but this was from a small [first] base .

It requires riverside sites vacated by traditional shipbuilding and port functions and is absolutely dependent on a work force which got its initial training in ship-building and -repair .
it requires riverside sites vacated by traditional shipbuilding and port functions and is absolutely dependent on a work force which got its [first] training in ship-building and -repair .

Sometimes the initial claims made were much exaggerated : as the claim made in New Testament studies that the computer would for the first time reveal the true lineaments of the Bible that we had ignorantly worshipped .
sometimes the [first] claims made were much exaggerated : as the claim made in new testament studies that the computer would for the first time reveal the true lineaments of the bible that we had ignorantly worshipped .

But even in areas where there was no hubris in the initial claims , the results delivered have often been disappointing .
but even in areas where there was no hubris in the [first] claims , the results delivered have often been disappointing .

Rare has been the computer project which did not , in the course of execution , bring to light an initial overestimation of the technical possibilities , and an underestimation of the problems of data preparation .
rare has been the computer project which did not , in the course of execution , bring to light an [first] overestimation of the technical possibilities , and an underestimation of the problems of data preparation .

The most obvious initial explanation is that changes in legislation have made divorce easier .
the most obvious [first] explanation is that changes in legislation have made divorce easier .

Initial decisions on entitlement were made by employees of the Board of Trade known as insurance officers .
[first] decisions on entitlement were made by employees of the board of trade known as insurance officers .

Initial adjudication of claims to social security benefits will generally take place in a local office of the Department of Social Security or Department of Employment depending on the benefit claimed .
[first] adjudication of claims to social security benefits will generally take place in a local office of the department of social security or department of employment depending on the benefit claimed .

The adjudication officer , who will not normally be the one who made the initial decision , will then put forward any submissions he or she may wish .
the adjudication officer , who will not normally be the one who made the [first] decision , will then put forward any submissions he or she may wish .

The existence of this body of appellate decisions in social security matters has the obvious effect of contributing to consistency of decision making not only by adjudication officers in their initial decisions on claims , but also by SSATs .
the existence of this body of appellate decisions in social security matters has the obvious effect of contributing to consistency of decision making not only by adjudication officers in their [first] decisions on claims , but also by ssats .

The Department of Employment review of representation ( DoE , 1981 ) concludes that the initial views that industrial tribunals should be bodies where representation was not necessary must now be re-evaluated in the light of an increasing trend not just towards representation , but towards legal representation .
the department of employment review of representation ( doe , 1981 ) concludes that the [first] views that industrial tribunals should be bodies where representation was not necessary must now be re-evaluated in the light of an increasing trend not just towards representation , but towards legal representation .

This section focuses on solicitors since they remain the initial point of contact for those seeking legal services from the profession .
this section focuses on solicitors since they remain the [first] point of contact for those seeking legal services from the profession .

In undefended divorce cases a higher initial time limit of three hours ' work applies .
in undefended divorce cases a higher [first] time limit of three hours ' work applies .

These are essentially lists of solicitors experienced in negligence claims , who will offer an initial one hour consultation free of charge .
these are essentially lists of solicitors experienced in negligence claims , who will offer an [first] one hour consultation free of charge .

The initial mise au pouvoir , the right beginning .
the [first] mise au pouvoir , the right beginning .

Perhaps , however , we can make this claim by appeal to the initial moves of the argument that you are not justified in believing that you are not a brain in a vat .
perhaps , however , we can make this claim by appeal to the [first] moves of the argument that you are not justified in believing that you are not a brain in a vat .

The most obvious diagnosis is simply that the initial belief that p , from which the true justified belief that q is inferred , is false .
the most obvious diagnosis is simply that the [first] belief that p , from which the true justified belief that q is inferred , is false .

Nozick gives an initial account of truth-conditions for a subjunctive conditional as follows :
nozick gives an [first] account of truth-conditions for a subjunctive conditional as follows :

Second , let us suppose that we do need a formulatable rule for the word ‘ pain ’ , which contains explicit reference to the initial sensation , as in ‘ pain = sensation like this ’ .
second , let us suppose that we do need a formulatable rule for the word ‘ pain ’ , which contains explicit reference to the [first] sensation , as in ‘ pain = sensation like this ’ .

In some cultures , initial refusal of an offer may be merely polite , and invite repetition ; in others the opposite may be true .
in some cultures , [first] refusal of an offer may be merely polite , and invite repetition ; in others the opposite may be true .

Piecemeal , we are beginning to build up a number of different techniques of analysis which will provide an answer to our initial problem : what is it that gives stretches of language in use their meaning and their unity ? We have looked at the devices which create formal links between sentences ; at pragmatic interpretations which link literal meaning to function and social meaning ; at the existence of hierarchical structures in particular discourse types ; and finally at the conversational mechanisms which enable people to construct informal discourse together and make sense of what is happening as they do so .
piecemeal , we are beginning to build up a number of different techniques of analysis which will provide an answer to our [first] problem : what is it that gives stretches of language in use their meaning and their unity ? we have looked at the devices which create formal links between sentences ; at pragmatic interpretations which link literal meaning to function and social meaning ; at the existence of hierarchical structures in particular discourse types ; and finally at the conversational mechanisms which enable people to construct informal discourse together and make sense of what is happening as they do so .

Here the mother is interpreting the child 's earliest noises as turns , a phenomenon which has led some researchers to wonder whether the turn-taking mechanisms of conversation , and ability to recognize the kind of turn that is in use , might be the initial framework into which the child gradually fills the details of the language , working top-down , from the largest structures to the smallest , as well as or perhaps instead of bottom-up , as has usually been assumed .
here the mother is interpreting the child 's earliest noises as turns , a phenomenon which has led some researchers to wonder whether the turn-taking mechanisms of conversation , and ability to recognize the kind of turn that is in use , might be the [first] framework into which the child gradually fills the details of the language , working top-down , from the largest structures to the smallest , as well as or perhaps instead of bottom-up , as has usually been assumed .

The initial setting of the co-text determines the extent of the context within which the hearer will understand what is said next .
the [first] setting of the co-text determines the extent of the context within which the hearer will understand what is said next .

In fact , extract ( 14 ) begins with an adverbial clause in initial position .
in fact , extract ( 14 ) begins with an adverbial clause in [first] position .

There was no initial prospect of romance between her and Ian , but it was suggested her admiration for the man would sometimes lead to under-currents of antagonism between her and Susan .
there was no [first] prospect of romance between her and ian , but it was suggested her admiration for the man would sometimes lead to under-currents of antagonism between her and susan .

Spooner 's own Roman Empire story was in the pipeline , leaving only an initial vacancy for a story to replace Carole Ann Ford 's character .
spooner 's own roman empire story was in the pipeline , leaving only an [first] vacancy for a story to replace carole ann ford 's character .

This initial drawing saw the arms being worked from wires , marionette style , by another operator on a gantry .
this [first] drawing saw the arms being worked from wires , marionette style , by another operator on a gantry .

The cast , all in full costume , are standing near their initial cue points , eyes riveted on one man , the sweep of whose arm will tell them to start acting out the next episode of Doctor Who .
the cast , all in full costume , are standing near their [first] cue points , eyes riveted on one man , the sweep of whose arm will tell them to start acting out the next episode of doctor who .

Once all the correct lenses have been swung into place and focussing is complete , the initial dialogue between the time-travellers can be made more interesting by switching between close-ups , mid-shots , group shots , etc .
once all the correct lenses have been swung into place and focussing is complete , the [first] dialogue between the time-travellers can be made more interesting by switching between close-ups , mid-shots , group shots , etc .

The initial storyline came from Terry Nation , but as an amusement for themselves the two writers took it in turns to write the detailed story breakdowns , each leaving an impossible cliff-hanger which the other writer had to get out of .
the [first] storyline came from terry nation , but as an amusement for themselves the two writers took it in turns to write the detailed story breakdowns , each leaving an impossible cliff-hanger which the other writer had to get out of .

The part of Susan , though , went through a lot of casting before Verity Lambert arrived at Carole Ann Ford , including the auditioning of juvenile actress Jackie Lane , who eventually landed the part of Dodo Chaplet some years later . Part of the problem was an initial doubt about the type of actress the Production team wanted , as Carole Ann Ford explains :
the part of susan , though , went through a lot of casting before verity lambert arrived at carole ann ford , including the auditioning of juvenile actress jackie lane , who eventually landed the part of dodo chaplet some years later . part of the problem was an [first] doubt about the type of actress the production team wanted , as carole ann ford explains :

As to how Susan would be played when not required to scream , the initial sales pitch was glowing in the extreme :
as to how susan would be played when not required to scream , the [first] sales pitch was glowing in the extreme :

The more or less genuinely ‘ creative ’ skill of producing the initial idea has to be balanced with the development skill of making it work .
the more or less genuinely ‘ creative ’ skill of producing the [first] idea has to be balanced with the development skill of making it work .

Certainly for the launch of a new brand , or of a new campaign for an old brand , there can be little doubt that an initial burst pattern offers the best chance of building awareness among the target audience .
certainly for the launch of a new brand , or of a new campaign for an old brand , there can be little doubt that an [first] burst pattern offers the best chance of building awareness among the target audience .

As an initial reaction the girls ' parents might have been shocked by what they got up to .
as an [first] reaction the girls ' parents might have been shocked by what they got up to .

She saw his initial scepticism .
she saw his [first] scepticism .

After an initial resistance , she let him talk on when this happened , but she turned her mind away , only half listening .
after an [first] resistance , she let him talk on when this happened , but she turned her mind away , only half listening .

The initial air of reasonableness and cordiality had quickly given way to a more chameleonlike personality , shifting and dodging behind a variety of masks ; one minute the crafty haberdasher , the next the erudite political activist , the next the polite , smiling business associate .
the [first] air of reasonableness and cordiality had quickly given way to a more chameleonlike personality , shifting and dodging behind a variety of masks ; one minute the crafty haberdasher , the next the erudite political activist , the next the polite , smiling business associate .

By the time the Sex Pistols had arrived on Virgin , the initial enthusiasm for reggae among those running the label had begun to wane , but it was suddenly revived by an intriguing , and wholly unexpected , business opportunity .
by the time the sex pistols had arrived on virgin , the [first] enthusiasm for reggae among those running the label had begun to wane , but it was suddenly revived by an intriguing , and wholly unexpected , business opportunity .

The magazine 's initial circulation of 50,000 was , by now , on an inexorable downward spiral .
the magazine 's [first] circulation of 50,000 was , by now , on an inexorable downward spiral .

Oldfield 's initial deal had been a fair reflection of the market-place at the time .
oldfield 's [first] deal had been a fair reflection of the market-place at the time .

Branson did not warm to Fields 's initial concept of a 100-per-cent business-class service between London and New York ; that , he felt , was ‘ not the right image from Virgin 's point of view ’ .
branson did not warm to fields 's [first] concept of a 100-per-cent business-class service between london and new york ; that , he felt , was ‘ not the right image from virgin 's point of view ’ .

Emboldened by the success on the North Atlantic , Virgin now introduced a short-haul service to Maastricht , in Holland , with an initial fare of £19 one-way , using a plane leased from British Island Airways .
emboldened by the success on the north atlantic , virgin now introduced a short-haul service to maastricht , in holland , with an [first] fare of £19 one-way , using a plane leased from british island airways .

Suppose that the goal is a mushroom omelette . The initial plan might consist of the operations :
suppose that the goal is a mushroom omelette . the [first] plan might consist of the operations :

It often happens that the initial choice of weights is poor , and the program should learn improved weights .
it often happens that the [first] choice of weights is poor , and the program should learn improved weights .

The training set consists of a variety of initial positions of the truck .
the training set consists of a variety of [first] positions of the truck .

The initial choice of strings may be random , but the algorithm works better if some of the ones it starts with are varied but fairly sensible .
the [first] choice of strings may be random , but the algorithm works better if some of the ones it starts with are varied but fairly sensible .

Thus , the choice of initial order in the strings imposes correlations between the weights , and these may be unnatural .
thus , the choice of [first] order in the strings imposes correlations between the weights , and these may be unnatural .

Perhaps the instances are all examples of some large class which we suspect may have meaningful subclasses , and the statistical clusterer should invent the subclasses ; or perhaps there is no given initial class at all .
perhaps the instances are all examples of some large class which we suspect may have meaningful subclasses , and the statistical clusterer should invent the subclasses ; or perhaps there is no given [first] class at all .

‘ The Joint Parole Board/Home Office Committee was established in 1973 to give initial consideration , usually after a life sentence prisoner had been detained for about three years in custody , to the date for the first formal consideration of the case by the Parole Board machinery .
‘ the joint parole board/home office committee was established in 1973 to give [first] consideration , usually after a life sentence prisoner had been detained for about three years in custody , to the date for the first formal consideration of the case by the parole board machinery .

The Lord Chief Justice has agreed with me that this is the appropriate time to obtain an initial judicial view on the requirements of retribution and deterrence .
the lord chief justice has agreed with me that this is the appropriate time to obtain an [first] judicial view on the requirements of retribution and deterrence .

And it is to be noted that the initial mistake was that of the judge who made his ruling and his reference to the second statement without argument and in unfortunate terms .
and it is to be noted that the [first] mistake was that of the judge who made his ruling and his reference to the second statement without argument and in unfortunate terms .

The first we reject because it is unrealistically narrow — the inquiry into the possible removal of the interview notes from Warwick Crown Court being a necessary consequence of the appellant 's initial complaint and , as it seems to us , integral to it ; the second , because the parallel investigations into other complaints against the West Midlands Police — no fewer than 103 we were told — and Mr. Shaw 's broader inquiry into the general integrity of the squad and its practices , can not alter the fundamental nature of Superintendent Fancott 's inquiry .
the first we reject because it is unrealistically narrow — the inquiry into the possible removal of the interview notes from warwick crown court being a necessary consequence of the appellant 's [first] complaint and , as it seems to us , integral to it ; the second , because the parallel investigations into other complaints against the west midlands police — no fewer than 103 we were told — and mr. shaw 's broader inquiry into the general integrity of the squad and its practices , can not alter the fundamental nature of superintendent fancott 's inquiry .

Our breaking-in weeks were nearly over and we waited for news of posting to Initial Training Wing .
our breaking-in weeks were nearly over and we waited for news of posting to [first] training wing .

Near-spent batteries will often give an initial surge when the machine is first switched on and a ‘ battery okay ’ signal is no guide at all to their stamina .
near-spent batteries will often give an [first] surge when the machine is first switched on and a ‘ battery okay ’ signal is no guide at all to their stamina .

The advantage of ni-cads is that they will save you a lot of money if used correctly ; the disadvantage is that the initial purchase cost is high .
the advantage of ni-cads is that they will save you a lot of money if used correctly ; the disadvantage is that the [first] purchase cost is high .

The initial sedative effect of alcohol causes a drunken sleep but the sufferer is wide awake early the next morning from the longer-acting stimulant effect .
the [first] sedative effect of alcohol causes a drunken sleep but the sufferer is wide awake early the next morning from the longer-acting stimulant effect .

The liver and the digestive system take the initial and continuing onslaught of alcoholism .
the liver and the digestive system take the [first] and continuing onslaught of alcoholism .

Initial disbelief in the disease concept and determination to find or reinforce one 's own ideas on the cause of addiction .
[first] disbelief in the disease concept and determination to find or reinforce one 's own ideas on the cause of addiction .

As with all stimulants , depression sets in when the initial stimulant effect wears off and a further dose of stimulant is required to counteract the depression .
as with all stimulants , depression sets in when the [first] stimulant effect wears off and a further dose of stimulant is required to counteract the depression .

Consider the pattern of addictive disease : the initial disorder in addictive disease is a disorder of the spirit affecting the sense of life , love , hope , trust and other senses .
consider the pattern of addictive disease : the [first] disorder in addictive disease is a disorder of the spirit affecting the sense of life , love , hope , trust and other senses .

Consequently , treatment for anorexia , after the initial life-saving medical supervision , is best managed in a 12 Step treatment centre specializing in eating disorders .
consequently , treatment for anorexia , after the [first] life-saving medical supervision , is best managed in a 12 step treatment centre specializing in eating disorders .

In each case , after any necessary life saving medical supervision , the initial steps are : i. abstain from the primary addictive behaviour .
in each case , after any necessary life saving medical supervision , the [first] steps are : i. abstain from the primary addictive behaviour .

However , a practical consequence of this approach might be that few people would be prepared to consider such a sweeping initial recommendation .
however , a practical consequence of this approach might be that few people would be prepared to consider such a sweeping [first] recommendation .

Extending one 's awareness of other addictive tendencies can usually wait for initial recovery to be reasonably secure , say , after two years .
extending one 's awareness of other addictive tendencies can usually wait for [first] recovery to be reasonably secure , say , after two years .

However the continuation of active addictive disease is even more boring and oppressive and the initial enthusiasm usually matures gradually within the first year of recovery .
however the continuation of active addictive disease is even more boring and oppressive and the [first] enthusiasm usually matures gradually within the first year of recovery .

Initial assessment to see whether the sufferer has addictive disease at all .
[first] assessment to see whether the sufferer has addictive disease at all .

Help for problems in relationships comes from recognising that one needs to learn to go through the pain of disillusion , that follows initial idealisation , in order to reach the enlightenment of a mutually respectful lasting relationship , rather than following the repeated pattern of giving up and then renewing the search for a fresh " ideal " .
help for problems in relationships comes from recognising that one needs to learn to go through the pain of disillusion , that follows [first] idealisation , in order to reach the enlightenment of a mutually respectful lasting relationship , rather than following the repeated pattern of giving up and then renewing the search for a fresh " ideal " .

An appeal is made by initial writ , which is disposed of as a summary application under the Sheriff Courts ( Scotland ) Act 1907 and 1913 ( Dobie , Sheriff Court Practice , p. 101 ; Macphail , Sheriff Court Practice , para .
an appeal is made by [first] writ , which is disposed of as a summary application under the sheriff courts ( scotland ) act 1907 and 1913 ( dobie , sheriff court practice , p. 101 ; macphail , sheriff court practice , para .

Techniques do not " date " or become obsolete ; you should retain this manual for reference and refresher study as well as using it for your initial training .
techniques do not " date " or become obsolete ; you should retain this manual for reference and refresher study as well as using it for your [first] training .

Decide circle-to-land procedure for all runways , High ground and obstructions , Minimum safety altitude for initial approach .
decide circle-to-land procedure for all runways , high ground and obstructions , minimum safety altitude for [first] approach .

Plan for likely direction of the initial approach to destination and each en-route diversion airfield .
plan for likely direction of the [first] approach to destination and each en-route diversion airfield .

Initial Approach
[first] approach

If not holding , then your initial direction of approach might require a procedure turn to bring you onto the outbound leg heading .
if not holding , then your [first] direction of approach might require a procedure turn to bring you onto the outbound leg heading .

You will have planned for this on the initial approach .
you will have planned for this on the [first] approach .

Divide the Initial Approach area into three 60° sectors either side of the outbound leg .
divide the [first] approach area into three 60° sectors either side of the outbound leg .

1 . Initial Clearance
1 . [first] clearance

After arrival overhead on the initial approach , a turn directly towards the outbound leg of the let-down will only be made when the initial approach direction does not require a turn of more than 60° .
after arrival overhead on the [first] approach , a turn directly towards the outbound leg of the let-down will only be made when the [first] approach direction does not require a turn of more than 60° .

Sometimes this initial encounter with the Spirit is seen as a great washing ( 1 Cor .
sometimes this [first] encounter with the spirit is seen as a great washing ( 1 cor .

‘ We would build on this initial campaign with tangible suggestions of what people could do to put their new sense of personal power and responsibility into action . ’
‘ we would build on this [first] campaign with tangible suggestions of what people could do to put their new sense of personal power and responsibility into action . ’

The initial opinions are collated and compiled , and then fed back to the panel .
the [first] opinions are collated and compiled , and then fed back to the panel .

The initial target in any potential industrial customer may be the gatekeeper role .
the [first] target in any potential industrial customer may be the gatekeeper role .

But its initial focus will be the rich holdings of Birmingham 's own museums .
but its [first] focus will be the rich holdings of birmingham 's own museums .

As has been seen clearly from the English and Welsh experience , the initial sales of subsidiaries of the Scottish Bus Group may be only the beginning of a long and complicated saga .
as has been seen clearly from the english and welsh experience , the [first] sales of subsidiaries of the scottish bus group may be only the beginning of a long and complicated saga .

Mr. Robert Hughes : The issue of who receives assistance and who does not is extremely important . Will the Minister confirm that the Scottish Office , or somebody , will carry out an initial selection process if there is more than one employee-management buy-out effort and that there will be , in effect , a preferred bid for assistance ? If a bid falls flat quickly , will it be possible for the Secretary of State to switch the assistance to the other bid which was previously ruled out and to give those involved the chance further to develop their proposals ?
mr. robert hughes : the issue of who receives assistance and who does not is extremely important . will the minister confirm that the scottish office , or somebody , will carry out an [first] selection process if there is more than one employee-management buy-out effort and that there will be , in effect , a preferred bid for assistance ? if a bid falls flat quickly , will it be possible for the secretary of state to switch the assistance to the other bid which was previously ruled out and to give those involved the chance further to develop their proposals ?

Initial motives are often conditioned by the text , and the melodic lines , particularly with Gombert and Crecquillon , are generally more syllabic than melismatic ; even the old practice of employing homorhythmic , ‘ chordal ’ , music for special verbal emphasis is occasionally remembered .
[first] motives are often conditioned by the text , and the melodic lines , particularly with gombert and crecquillon , are generally more syllabic than melismatic ; even the old practice of employing homorhythmic , ‘ chordal ’ , music for special verbal emphasis is occasionally remembered .

It is signed by all the parties present at the pupil 's initial interview .
it is signed by all the parties present at the pupil 's [first] interview .

There is a need to offer them opportunities in initial and in-service professional development to acquire or improve relevant skills .
there is a need to offer them opportunities in [first] and in-service professional development to acquire or improve relevant skills .

Although it would be wrong to presume that teachers who are excellent in their off-site unit work with small groups of pupils could necessarily become the vanguard of a new service they can provide the focus for some initial developments .
although it would be wrong to presume that teachers who are excellent in their off-site unit work with small groups of pupils could necessarily become the vanguard of a new service they can provide the focus for some [first] developments .

The success of that initial project has encouraged the establishment of similar schemes in following years .
the success of that [first] project has encouraged the establishment of similar schemes in following years .

As with the official curriculum , much has been researched and written on the ways teacher-pupil interaction can be different for boys than for girls , and a brief initial summary will suffice .
as with the official curriculum , much has been researched and written on the ways teacher-pupil interaction can be different for boys than for girls , and a brief [first] summary will suffice .

This may not be covered in the initial simple descriptions of the portfolio grids , but one would expect the underlying risk analysis to include such matters .
this may not be covered in the [first] simple descriptions of the portfolio grids , but one would expect the underlying risk analysis to include such matters .

Consequently , the subsequent discussion will focus on different analyses which may be pursued before or after the initial investment .
consequently , the subsequent discussion will focus on different analyses which may be pursued before or after the [first] investment .

If the experience curve has effect , the initial market share gained through introduction of a differentiated product may give one time to build up a cost advantage .
if the experience curve has effect , the [first] market share gained through introduction of a differentiated product may give one time to build up a cost advantage .

It concerns the effectiveness with which products and services meet customer requirements , and affects all aspects of the interaction between the customer and the company or its agents : the initial inquiry about products , the information provided , product design , reliability , availability , speed of delivery , after-sales service , and so on .
it concerns the effectiveness with which products and services meet customer requirements , and affects all aspects of the interaction between the customer and the company or its agents : the [first] inquiry about products , the information provided , product design , reliability , availability , speed of delivery , after-sales service , and so on .

The annual cash flow of 200 million yen is then split into an imputed return of interest on the investment outstanding at the beginning of the period and a recovery of the initial investment .
the annual cash flow of 200 million yen is then split into an imputed return of interest on the investment outstanding at the beginning of the period and a recovery of the [first] investment .

Hodder then suggests that the decision is based upon the ability of the project to recover the initial outlay plus imputed interest and yield a surplus .
hodder then suggests that the decision is based upon the ability of the project to recover the [first] outlay plus imputed interest and yield a surplus .

It was also found that businesses with strong initial positions outperformed those with weak initial positions .
it was also found that businesses with strong [first] positions outperformed those with weak [first] positions .

Even if the initial reaction to proposed change is generally positive , rethinking can occur during the change as consequences become clarified .
even if the [first] reaction to proposed change is generally positive , rethinking can occur during the change as consequences become clarified .

Dai 's initial role was to install the 3,000 lb boiler , with dyeing and washing machines , in the former railway shunting shed .
dai 's [first] role was to install the 3,000 lb boiler , with dyeing and washing machines , in the former railway shunting shed .

In spite of these initial advantages , furnishing fabrics , as clothes , were badly in need of overall direction and it was also in Paris that a young woman who had no formal design training but had worked for the exclusive Colefax and Fowler , was hired .
in spite of these [first] advantages , furnishing fabrics , as clothes , were badly in need of overall direction and it was also in paris that a young woman who had no formal design training but had worked for the exclusive colefax and fowler , was hired .

Studying him now , dispassionately , without the emotional blindness of the aftermath of her accident , or the initial shock of finding that he was last night 's rescuer , it was like seeing him properly for the first time …
studying him now , dispassionately , without the emotional blindness of the aftermath of her accident , or the [first] shock of finding that he was last night 's rescuer , it was like seeing him properly for the first time …

After the initial wave of guilty surprise , finding that the beautiful girl she 'd seen at the market had been Roman 's younger sister , she 'd taken an immediate liking to Anneliese .
after the [first] wave of guilty surprise , finding that the beautiful girl she 'd seen at the market had been roman 's younger sister , she 'd taken an immediate liking to anneliese .

Thus , in England and Wales in 1971 there were 311,000 students in advanced further education , of whom 204,000 were on full-time and sandwich courses , including 113,000 on initial teacher training , and 107,000 on part-time courses .
thus , in england and wales in 1971 there were 311,000 students in advanced further education , of whom 204,000 were on full-time and sandwich courses , including 113,000 on [first] teacher training , and 107,000 on part-time courses .

By 1981 , the numbers of students had grown considerably to 377,000 : of these 209,000 were on full-time and sandwich courses , including only 27,000 on initial teacher training , and 168,000 on part-time courses .
by 1981 , the numbers of students had grown considerably to 377,000 : of these 209,000 were on full-time and sandwich courses , including only 27,000 on [first] teacher training , and 168,000 on part-time courses .

As we have seen , the massive cut-back in initial teacher training has reduced student numbers from 113,000 in 1971 to 27,000 in 1982 , with further reductions to follow shortly .
as we have seen , the massive cut-back in [first] teacher training has reduced student numbers from 113,000 in 1971 to 27,000 in 1982 , with further reductions to follow shortly .

Of the thirty polytechnics , all but seven now offer courses of initial or in-service teacher training , or both .
of the thirty polytechnics , all but seven now offer courses of [first] or in-service teacher training , or both .

Of the two free-standing colleges , Bishop Grosseteste is endeavouring to diversify by offering courses of general education not directly related to teacher training , while Matlock has remained essentially a monotechnic institution , offering initial and in-service teacher-training courses .
of the two free-standing colleges , bishop grosseteste is endeavouring to diversify by offering courses of general education not directly related to teacher training , while matlock has remained essentially a monotechnic institution , offering [first] and in-service teacher-training courses .

The College offers a variety of initial and in-service teacher-training courses , including Dip.HE , BEd .
the college offers a variety of [first] and in-service teacher-training courses , including dip.he , bed .

Maintained by the North Wales Counties Joint Education Committee , consisting of Gwynedd , Clwyd and Powys , it offers initial and in-service courses for teachers including Dip.HE , BEd .
maintained by the north wales counties joint education committee , consisting of gwynedd , clwyd and powys , it offers [first] and in-service courses for teachers including dip.he , bed .

These colleges have concentrated mainly on providing initial training courses leading to a Certificate in Education , which take two forms : a one-year full-time pre-service course for graduates , similar in structure to post-graduate courses which train teachers for schools ; and a four-term sandwich course for practising teachers .
these colleges have concentrated mainly on providing [first] training courses leading to a certificate in education , which take two forms : a one-year full-time pre-service course for graduates , similar in structure to post-graduate courses which train teachers for schools ; and a four-term sandwich course for practising teachers .

By the early 1970s , however , the situation looked more favourable ; the reorganization of teacher education following the 1972 White Paper and the run-down of initial teacher training made it seem feasible to redeploy resources to raise the quality of the teaching force in further education .
by the early 1970s , however , the situation looked more favourable ; the reorganization of teacher education following the 1972 white paper and the run-down of [first] teacher training made it seem feasible to redeploy resources to raise the quality of the teaching force in further education .

degrees for the initial training of would-be further education teachers .
degrees for the [first] training of would-be further education teachers .

Whatever hardware you choose , it is essential that it is securely fixed , and it is worth thinking about the actual fixing point at your initial planning stage . There are several options open to you ( fig. 2 ) :
whatever hardware you choose , it is essential that it is securely fixed , and it is worth thinking about the actual fixing point at your [first] planning stage . there are several options open to you ( fig. 2 ) :

The initial error rate decreases from one to five days , which indicates that the improvement within a line is due to maturation as well as learning .
the [first] error rate decreases from one to five days , which indicates that the improvement within a line is due to maturation as well as learning .

All homeworkers supplied their own heat , light and materials — glue or paste or thread — and sometimes also paid an initial premium for the supply of work : this was particularly common in dressmaking and did not die out until the growth of the ready-made trade in the 1920s .
all homeworkers supplied their own heat , light and materials — glue or paste or thread — and sometimes also paid an [first] premium for the supply of work : this was particularly common in dressmaking and did not die out until the growth of the ready-made trade in the 1920s .

The Vernissage was held from nine until midnight , for which the only precedent was the initial opening of the Salon d'Automne in 1903 .
the vernissage was held from nine until midnight , for which the only precedent was the [first] opening of the salon d'automne in 1903 .

Even in the initial stages of the movement , when the painters still relied to a large extent on visual models , their paintings are not so much records of the sensory appearance of their subjects , as expressions in pictorial terms of their idea or knowledge of them .
even in the [first] stages of the movement , when the painters still relied to a large extent on visual models , their paintings are not so much records of the sensory appearance of their subjects , as expressions in pictorial terms of their idea or knowledge of them .

If they were not the point behind the initial categorisation is nullified or at least seriously qualified ; the certainty and predictability would be minimal .
if they were not the point behind the [first] categorisation is nullified or at least seriously qualified ; the certainty and predictability would be minimal .

For example , to take some position as to whether the renewal of a licence is a ‘ higher ’ interest than an initial application is not to indulge in rigid conceptualism , but is rather a necessary step in reaching any decision at all .
for example , to take some position as to whether the renewal of a licence is a ‘ higher ’ interest than an [first] application is not to indulge in rigid conceptualism , but is rather a necessary step in reaching any decision at all .

Provided that we do not assume that all renewal cases warrant more procedural protection than all initial application cases , irrespective of the nature of the substantive area under scrutiny , then such ranking is both necessary and helpful .
provided that we do not assume that all renewal cases warrant more procedural protection than all [first] application cases , irrespective of the nature of the substantive area under scrutiny , then such ranking is both necessary and helpful .

His Lordship posited a third situation where looking again at the whole context it could be seen whether the end result was fair despite some initial defect .
his lordship posited a third situation where looking again at the whole context it could be seen whether the end result was fair despite some [first] defect .

The actual content given to natural justice or fairness will depend upon a range of factors : the proximity between the initial investigation and the final decision ; the construction of the statute ; the importance of the subject matter for the individual ; and the need for administrative efficiency .
the actual content given to natural justice or fairness will depend upon a range of factors : the proximity between the [first] investigation and the final decision ; the construction of the statute ; the importance of the subject matter for the individual ; and the need for administrative efficiency .

Having discussed questions of how the initial task was planned and organized and how people felt about it , the experience is utilised to improve task effectiveness and member satisfaction for the next exercise , and so on until the series of tasks is completed .
having discussed questions of how the [first] task was planned and organized and how people felt about it , the experience is utilised to improve task effectiveness and member satisfaction for the next exercise , and so on until the series of tasks is completed .

Continuous sampling is used in mass-production systems , and entails an initial 100 % inspection until a pre-determined number of correct items have passed in succession ; then random sampling begins and continues until a further reject appears ; 100 % inspection is recommenced and the cycle is repeated if necessary .
continuous sampling is used in mass-production systems , and entails an [first] 100 % inspection until a pre-determined number of correct items have passed in succession ; then random sampling begins and continues until a further reject appears ; 100 % inspection is recommenced and the cycle is repeated if necessary .

When a new product is introduced , such as a video-cassette recorder or a home computer , the price tends to be high on account of the initial development and marketing costs .
when a new product is introduced , such as a video-cassette recorder or a home computer , the price tends to be high on account of the [first] development and marketing costs .

As the product begins to attract increasing sales , and initial costs begin to be covered , then prices can be reduced and production volume stepped up .
as the product begins to attract increasing sales , and [first] costs begin to be covered , then prices can be reduced and production volume stepped up .

The enquiry 's initial impetus was being lost and now they were all groping .
the enquiry 's [first] impetus was being lost and now they were all groping .

Although intended to further curtail local government expenditure — by requiring authorities to meet any unforeseen expenditure from existing budgets — the effect may well have been to persuade local authorities to set high initial rates ( to provide adequate balances to meet unexpected contingencies or loss of income ) .
although intended to further curtail local government expenditure — by requiring authorities to meet any unforeseen expenditure from existing budgets — the effect may well have been to persuade local authorities to set high [first] rates ( to provide adequate balances to meet unexpected contingencies or loss of income ) .

More interesting , in the context of this chapter , is the fact that these developments and the confusion in Marx 's own writings have generated an internal debate amongst Marxists over what he really meant and how his initial insights ought to be understood in modern times .
more interesting , in the context of this chapter , is the fact that these developments and the confusion in marx 's own writings have generated an internal debate amongst marxists over what he really meant and how his [first] insights ought to be understood in modern times .

Pareto 's initial training was as a civil engineer ; he always seems to have regarded the natural sciences as superior to the social sciences , and he consistently attempted to apply models of equilibria derived from mechanics to society .
pareto 's [first] training was as a civil engineer ; he always seems to have regarded the natural sciences as superior to the social sciences , and he consistently attempted to apply models of equilibria derived from mechanics to society .

The recognised or nominal leaders of such groups may be relied on to produce an initial list of individuals who are presumed to have power in community affairs ( leaders ) .
the recognised or nominal leaders of such groups may be relied on to produce an [first] list of individuals who are presumed to have power in community affairs ( leaders ) .

— and so on — may place the phenomena within a specific and specifically limited theoretical construct of which the initial apparently innocent name is part .
— and so on — may place the phenomena within a specific and specifically limited theoretical construct of which the [first] apparently innocent name is part .

The initial interest of political researchers into the question of what to do with the regions came about , it must be said , not out of concern for neglected political interests in the periphery ( what Tarrow refers to as ‘ regionalism as peripheral defence ’ ) but because of a trend thought to have been observed in modern politics which seemed to go to the heart of the functioning of modern political systems .
the [first] interest of political researchers into the question of what to do with the regions came about , it must be said , not out of concern for neglected political interests in the periphery ( what tarrow refers to as ‘ regionalism as peripheral defence ’ ) but because of a trend thought to have been observed in modern politics which seemed to go to the heart of the functioning of modern political systems .

At least for declarative memory ( Chapter 4 ) there is a transition , over a period of minutes to hours , from the initial and labile short-term phase to long-term , stable memory .
at least for declarative memory ( chapter 4 ) there is a transition , over a period of minutes to hours , from the [first] and labile short-term phase to long-term , stable memory .

In the event , a considerable diversity of roles emerged . On the basis of our initial fieldwork , we were able in our fifth report to group these under five main headings :
in the event , a considerable diversity of roles emerged . on the basis of our [first] fieldwork , we were able in our fifth report to group these under five main headings :

It predated the arrival of the National Curriculum , but was without doubt given a considerable boost by the publication of the government 's initial National Curriculum proposals in 1987 , and the Education Reform Bill and Act , both in 1988 .
it predated the arrival of the national curriculum , but was without doubt given a considerable boost by the publication of the government 's [first] national curriculum proposals in 1987 , and the education reform bill and act , both in 1988 .

The policy on home-school links was never properly defined , despite its prominence in the programme 's initial aims .
the policy on home-school links was never properly defined , despite its prominence in the programme 's [first] aims .

Detailed work on drafting the initial estimates for the next financial year by departments takes account of the prior guidelines and studies that have been undertaken .
detailed work on drafting the [first] estimates for the next financial year by departments takes account of the prior guidelines and studies that have been undertaken .

This committee will have the initial task of resolving conflict between four policy streams — central government constraints , the authority 's or governing party 's collective goals , the demands of different geographical units and departmental interests .
this committee will have the [first] task of resolving conflict between four policy streams — central government constraints , the authority 's or governing party 's collective goals , the demands of different geographical units and departmental interests .

Ignoring her initial objection , he said slowly .
ignoring her [first] objection , he said slowly .

Yet , whenever she contemplated a resumption of the life she had enjoyed before her initial meeting with Johnny , she felt a rising panic and a disinclination amounting almost to hostility at the very idea .
yet , whenever she contemplated a resumption of the life she had enjoyed before her [first] meeting with johnny , she felt a rising panic and a disinclination amounting almost to hostility at the very idea .

After his initial gaffe that McQueen should own books , Johnson opened out to a man of culture , a man who understood his own problems and who had thought a way through them to a solution , however sad emigration might prove .
after his [first] gaffe that mcqueen should own books , johnson opened out to a man of culture , a man who understood his own problems and who had thought a way through them to a solution , however sad emigration might prove .

After the initial difficulties :
after the [first] difficulties :

In this case the initial suspicion must be reasonable , whereupon the person may be held for up to 7 days .
in this case the [first] suspicion must be reasonable , whereupon the person may be held for up to 7 days .

After initial indecision , the inquest jury delivered a verdict of lawful killing .
after [first] indecision , the inquest jury delivered a verdict of lawful killing .

8 No novels in which the narrator , or any of the characters , is identified simply by an initial letter . Still they go on doing it !
8 no novels in which the narrator , or any of the characters , is identified simply by an [first] letter . still they go on doing it !

She states in an initial survey of the various theories of metaphor that those of most philosophers are of little interest to her because they treat metaphor from the point of view of its semantic content , ignoring the way it functions linguistically ( 1955a:45 , 1958a:15 ) .
she states in an [first] survey of the various theories of metaphor that those of most philosophers are of little interest to her because they treat metaphor from the point of view of its semantic content , ignoring the way it functions linguistically ( 1955a:45 , 1958a:15 ) .

One might wonder why metaphor so often demands that its work be described in terms of colonization and occupation , and what it is about an initial transportation of meaning that turns it into a conquest or a coercive restructuring .
one might wonder why metaphor so often demands that its work be described in terms of colonization and occupation , and what it is about an [first] transportation of meaning that turns it into a conquest or a coercive restructuring .

In 1990 , David Waddington , the then Home Secretary , presented proposals which included reducing standard sentence remission from two-thirds to half the initial sentence .
in 1990 , david waddington , the then home secretary , presented proposals which included reducing standard sentence remission from two-thirds to half the [first] sentence .

Although you may be tempted towards a lender by the promise of an initial discount , a far better way of telling how competitive they are is by looking at the history of what borrowers have been charged over the last few years .
although you may be tempted towards a lender by the promise of an [first] discount , a far better way of telling how competitive they are is by looking at the history of what borrowers have been charged over the last few years .

This model of fault- finding identifies three main goals : initial symptom identification , the fault-finder has to be aware of symptom sources , contingencies existing between them and their relative informational value .
this model of fault- finding identifies three main goals : [first] symptom identification , the fault-finder has to be aware of symptom sources , contingencies existing between them and their relative informational value .

Initial symptoms need to be examined systematically and exhaustively .
[first] symptoms need to be examined systematically and exhaustively .

During the time which elapsed after his initial registration ( and the then delayed approval of his proposals ) , in line with Council 's determination to raise entry standards and tighten up membership requirements overall , the thesis content expected was increased to 10,000 words .
during the time which elapsed after his [first] registration ( and the then delayed approval of his proposals ) , in line with council 's determination to raise entry standards and tighten up membership requirements overall , the thesis content expected was increased to 10,000 words .

2 ) Initial cutting of the junket ( right ) .
2 ) [first] cutting of the junket ( right ) .

Unfortunately , Australia 's initial sortie into the British wine trade was a complete fiasco .
unfortunately , australia 's [first] sortie into the british wine trade was a complete fiasco .

With the high pressure pumps and piping required , the initial outlay at Aonach Mor on their one cannon is £35,000 .
with the high pressure pumps and piping required , the [first] outlay at aonach mor on their one cannon is £35,000 .

At British level Rob was finding his feet as a coach , but found the initial lack of funding frustrating .
at british level rob was finding his feet as a coach , but found the [first] lack of funding frustrating .

Although the data from the first study are still being analysed , initial results are promising .
although the data from the first study are still being analysed , [first] results are promising .

If this initial survey proves useful and gets good feedback we shall continue and do a series on all our local rivers .
if this [first] survey proves useful and gets good feedback we shall continue and do a series on all our local rivers .

The final circuit dropped Marrs back to 14th while Barthelsson had worked his way steadily up from 12th after one lap to 4th at the finish , a systematic climb through the top of the fleet but not enough to put a Swede in the top three placings , the initial group ( except Marrs ) not having changed throughout the race .
the final circuit dropped marrs back to 14th while barthelsson had worked his way steadily up from 12th after one lap to 4th at the finish , a systematic climb through the top of the fleet but not enough to put a swede in the top three placings , the [first] group ( except marrs ) not having changed throughout the race .

This approach to risk measurement , in addition , is particularly important if the credit manager is taking a strategic approach to risk management which requires as its initial stage a formal system for risk categorisation of customers .
this approach to risk measurement , in addition , is particularly important if the credit manager is taking a strategic approach to risk management which requires as its [first] stage a formal system for risk categorisation of customers .

After initial proposals have been researched and screened using broad ‘ acceptability ’ criteria predetermined by higher management , those which satisfy the screening tests are subjected to more detailed scrutiny as more information regarding their prospects is generated and a rigorous risk analysis may then be conducted .
after [first] proposals have been researched and screened using broad ‘ acceptability ’ criteria predetermined by higher management , those which satisfy the screening tests are subjected to more detailed scrutiny as more information regarding their prospects is generated and a rigorous risk analysis may then be conducted .

In other words , the initial credit inducement may become accepted as the norm , thus shunting all cash inflows forwards .
in other words , the [first] credit inducement may become accepted as the norm , thus shunting all cash inflows forwards .

The initial inducement may not be taken by customers to imply the normal credit terms , or if it is , the firm 's credit managers may eventually be able to rein back the actual credit period taken to the planned one month .
the [first] inducement may not be taken by customers to imply the normal credit terms , or if it is , the firm 's credit managers may eventually be able to rein back the actual credit period taken to the planned one month .

What is the likelihood of new customers refusing to budge from initial terms ?
what is the likelihood of new customers refusing to budge from [first] terms ?

Once a project has settled down into reasonably routine operation , it is useful to examine the pattern of achieved costs and benefits in the light of what was initial predictions .
once a project has settled down into reasonably routine operation , it is useful to examine the pattern of achieved costs and benefits in the light of what was [first] predictions .

In this way , the audit staff can assess whether the initial appraisal was suitable thorough .
in this way , the audit staff can assess whether the [first] appraisal was suitable thorough .

It was inevitable that when confronted with the initial chaos the Trust 's staff concentrated on dealing with trees which blocked roads and drives or which posed a threat to the safety of people or buildings .
it was inevitable that when confronted with the [first] chaos the trust 's staff concentrated on dealing with trees which blocked roads and drives or which posed a threat to the safety of people or buildings .

High initial charges , annual charges and early redemption or withdrawal penalties from insurance-type schemes can also massively affect the returns on your outlay .
high [first] charges , annual charges and early redemption or withdrawal penalties from insurance-type schemes can also massively affect the returns on your outlay .

There again , there can be no doubt that the initial six weeks of using the product are unpleasant — the skin does peel , feel tight and look red .
there again , there can be no doubt that the [first] six weeks of using the product are unpleasant — the skin does peel , feel tight and look red .

They had envisaged a two-month period to put the exhibition together but Central Promotional Services of Leicester , who manage the Centre , offered free exhibition space on 17 August , just ten days after their initial inquiries .
they had envisaged a two-month period to put the exhibition together but central promotional services of leicester , who manage the centre , offered free exhibition space on 17 august , just ten days after their [first] inquiries .

Your initial approach should be to your own local councillor ( s ) ( those serving on the Leisure and Amenities Committee are particularly useful ) .
your [first] approach should be to your own local councillor ( s ) ( those serving on the leisure and amenities committee are particularly useful ) .

The beginner should be looking at an initial purchase of one sail to allow them to learn in light winds of up to force two .
the beginner should be looking at an [first] purchase of one sail to allow them to learn in light winds of up to force two .

You 'll also need a one piece wetsuit , costing between £80 and £200 and a buoyancy aid or vest in the region of £25 for added security during the initial stages .
you 'll also need a one piece wetsuit , costing between £80 and £200 and a buoyancy aid or vest in the region of £25 for added security during the [first] stages .

Once the initial skills have been mastered , progression relies upon plenty of practice interspersed with further instruction and coaching .
once the [first] skills have been mastered , progression relies upon plenty of practice interspersed with further instruction and coaching .

Having reached the initial , simple decision about lettering ( plain , unadorned and to the point ) and material ( unpolished limestone slab ) they were now floored over questions of layout and surroundings .
having reached the [first] , simple decision about lettering ( plain , unadorned and to the point ) and material ( unpolished limestone slab ) they were now floored over questions of layout and surroundings .

Many initial questions concerned excessive transport congestion for the users of cities , and the renewed need for planned decentralization of people and growth .
many [first] questions concerned excessive transport congestion for the users of cities , and the renewed need for planned decentralization of people and growth .

The medico-moral strategy was consolidated in the period after the initial reforms of the 1830s and 1840s .
the medico-moral strategy was consolidated in the period after the [first] reforms of the 1830s and 1840s .

The initial setbacks came as part of the local government reforms of the early 1870s .
the [first] setbacks came as part of the local government reforms of the early 1870s .

For initial training : B.Eds ( 4 at Universities , 18 at Colleges , and 10 at Polytechnics ) , PGCEs ( 15 at Universities , 15 at Colleges , and 6 at Polytechnics ) , as well as 8 courses under other names .
for [first] training : b.eds ( 4 at universities , 18 at colleges , and 10 at polytechnics ) , pgces ( 15 at universities , 15 at colleges , and 6 at polytechnics ) , as well as 8 courses under other names .

1.5 It proved very difficult to assess in how many other initial training courses there was explicit language work .
1.5 it proved very difficult to assess in how many other [first] training courses there was explicit language work .

1.7. a Institutions varied enormously in the extent to which they were able to provide exact figures for the initial training of specialist language teachers .
1.7. a institutions varied enormously in the extent to which they were able to provide exact figures for the [first] training of specialist language teachers .

Initial training courses for secondary school teachers frequently consisted of methods or subject studies , for part of the time , and formal work in each of the four ‘ foundation disciplines ’ for the rest .
[first] training courses for secondary school teachers frequently consisted of methods or subject studies , for part of the time , and formal work in each of the four ‘ foundation disciplines ’ for the rest .

In our responses there was no evidence that the notion of a school language policy was seriously addressed at either initial or ( more surprisingly ) at in-service level .
in our responses there was no evidence that the notion of a school language policy was seriously addressed at either [first] or ( more surprisingly ) at in-service level .

It will further be argued that initial teacher training can not be treated as separate from other areas of teacher education and that changes in any one sector will inevitably influence all teacher education provision , initial , probation support and in-service and that in the light of this interdependence , strategies should be established for a coordinated response across the spectrum of teacher education provision .
it will further be argued that [first] teacher training can not be treated as separate from other areas of teacher education and that changes in any one sector will inevitably influence all teacher education provision , [first] , probation support and in-service and that in the light of this interdependence , strategies should be established for a coordinated response across the spectrum of teacher education provision .

Students in initial training do therefore need to be given the opportunity to examine and analyse written school language policies in practice during their periods of school experience .
students in [first] training do therefore need to be given the opportunity to examine and analyse written school language policies in practice during their periods of school experience .

, the language component of initial training courses seems the ideal arena in which to bring together these perspectives .
, the language component of [first] training courses seems the ideal arena in which to bring together these perspectives .

Consideration of these areas and how they can inform classroom practice should begin in initial training .
consideration of these areas and how they can inform classroom practice should begin in [first] training .

initial and in-service teacher education provision
[first] and in-service teacher education provision

There has sometimes been a division between these two aspects of initial teacher education courses .
there has sometimes been a division between these two aspects of [first] teacher education courses .

The success of any teacher training course , whether initial or in-service , will therefore depend upon the successful integration of theory and practice .
the success of any teacher training course , whether [first] or in-service , will therefore depend upon the successful integration of theory and practice .

The two functions of initial and in-service education are clearly interrelated and can not be carried out in isolation from each other .
the two functions of [first] and in-service education are clearly interrelated and can not be carried out in isolation from each other .

Changes in initial training , like the introduction of the 100 hour language component , will inevitably affect the in-service training needs of teachers .
changes in [first] training , like the introduction of the 100 hour language component , will inevitably affect the in-service training needs of teachers .

To return to the question of how these topics can be integrated into the initial professional training of foreign language teachers , we would point out that none of the topics is entirely new even to those who have not been involved in linguistics in their academic course and , secondly , that they are all related to questions of classroom practice .
to return to the question of how these topics can be integrated into the [first] professional training of foreign language teachers , we would point out that none of the topics is entirely new even to those who have not been involved in linguistics in their academic course and , secondly , that they are all related to questions of classroom practice .

Clearly this can not be a process completed during initial training but equally clearly it can not be attributed to the sole responsibility of academic or in-service courses .
clearly this can not be a process completed during [first] training but equally clearly it can not be attributed to the sole responsibility of academic or in-service courses .

The failure at national level to recognise the need for initial training qualifications for community languages has led local education authorities and schools to deploy teachers whose initial qualification has been gained in a main subject other than the language which they are not asked to promote .
the failure at national level to recognise the need for [first] training qualifications for community languages has led local education authorities and schools to deploy teachers whose [first] qualification has been gained in a main subject other than the language which they are not asked to promote .

the development of initial literacy
the development of [first] literacy

Sometimes the in-service provision relates to one language only : indeed it has been found that approaches to initial literacy are difficult to generalise beyond basic principles .
sometimes the in-service provision relates to one language only : indeed it has been found that approaches to [first] literacy are difficult to generalise beyond basic principles .

initial training for existing teachers of community languages has taken place without any , or much , linguistic input
[first] training for existing teachers of community languages has taken place without any , or much , linguistic input

The College , opened in new buildings in 1963 , had not , five years later , exhausted the strong initial impetus that belongs with a new venture .
the college , opened in new buildings in 1963 , had not , five years later , exhausted the strong [first] impetus that belongs with a new venture .

The initial intake to English was large — so large in fact as to require organisation in two parallel classes and to strain rather seriously the initially slender staffing position .
the [first] intake to english was large — so large in fact as to require organisation in two parallel classes and to strain rather seriously the initially slender staffing position .

Language Development of school-age children : — some study of the early stages of language acquisition should be undertaken ; collection and analysis of data ; social and psychological factors ; language in the educational process ; initial and later literacy .
language development of school-age children : — some study of the early stages of language acquisition should be undertaken ; collection and analysis of data ; social and psychological factors ; language in the educational process ; [first] and later literacy .

4.3.4 The assumption made in this section of the Unit is that many teachers will be in a position to collaborate with specialists based in Language Units or in Ethnic Minority support groups , members of which will assume responsibility for teaching the initial stages of English as a Second Language .
4.3.4 the assumption made in this section of the unit is that many teachers will be in a position to collaborate with specialists based in language units or in ethnic minority support groups , members of which will assume responsibility for teaching the [first] stages of english as a second language .

Bernard Harrison ( Senior Lecturer ) has a range of research interests and teaching duties in Language and Learning , across initial and in-service course .
bernard harrison ( senior lecturer ) has a range of research interests and teaching duties in language and learning , across [first] and in-service course .

Lectures have been discarded in all in-service and ( apart from occasional ‘ distinguished person ’ visits ) initial training courses , in favour of workshop and seminar activities .
lectures have been discarded in all in-service and ( apart from occasional ‘ distinguished person ’ visits ) [first] training courses , in favour of workshop and seminar activities .

The relationship between language use and teaching and learning in schools is an integral part of many contexts and processes in both initial and in-service teacher education courses in this School of Education .
the relationship between language use and teaching and learning in schools is an integral part of many contexts and processes in both [first] and in-service teacher education courses in this school of education .

After the initial flurry which prompted an internal memo warning staff not to fraternize with their neighbours , things soon returned to normal .
after the [first] flurry which prompted an internal memo warning staff not to fraternize with their neighbours , things soon returned to normal .

In America , an explicitly anti-Darwinian school of neo-Lamarckism emerged at a much earlier date , despite the initial success of Darwin 's supporters .
in america , an explicitly anti-darwinian school of neo-lamarckism emerged at a much earlier date , despite the [first] success of darwin 's supporters .

Historians have been most active in studying the emergence of plant ecology in the United States , but it is agreed that much of the initial inspiration for the American work came from Europe , especially from Germany and Denmark .
historians have been most active in studying the emergence of plant ecology in the united states , but it is agreed that much of the [first] inspiration for the american work came from europe , especially from germany and denmark .

But his initial feeling about this office-block incident was reaffirmed .
but his [first] feeling about this office-block incident was reaffirmed .

She slipped , without appearing to notice it , into addressing Derek by his first name and , after some initial awkwardness , he reciprocated .
she slipped , without appearing to notice it , into addressing derek by his first name and , after some [first] awkwardness , he reciprocated .

‘ That 's very good of you , ’ she said , some of her initial apprehension disappearing .
‘ that 's very good of you , ’ she said , some of her [first] apprehension disappearing .

It had been a while since she 'd fired a pistol and the initial retort took even her by surprise .
it had been a while since she 'd fired a pistol and the [first] retort took even her by surprise .

For some of the initial stages of crying , the length of time needed simply to weep , varies from person to person , it seems that the important thing is an unhurried , quiet , non-judgemental and shared experience .
for some of the [first] stages of crying , the length of time needed simply to weep , varies from person to person , it seems that the important thing is an unhurried , quiet , non-judgemental and shared experience .

Her initial insane reaction to the loss had eased when she confronted the reality of the other woman and the new tears played an essential part in her healing .
her [first] insane reaction to the loss had eased when she confronted the reality of the other woman and the new tears played an essential part in her healing .

The gentler grip of the female vagina , combined with a natural initial unwillingness to use prison pornographic imagery to achieve a climax , as in masturbation , may cause difficulty in reaching orgasm in the initial weeks or months after release .
the gentler grip of the female vagina , combined with a natural [first] unwillingness to use prison pornographic imagery to achieve a climax , as in masturbation , may cause difficulty in reaching orgasm in the [first] weeks or months after release .

Sensitivity in the detection of fire in its initial stages appears to be particularly important .
sensitivity in the detection of fire in its [first] stages appears to be particularly important .

It is worthy of mention that a loss of initial control will certainly result in increased problems of regaining it , even though any interference with the major elements of the sprinkler system and its supply can possibly be rectified or mitigated on the arrival of the fire brigade .
it is worthy of mention that a loss of [first] control will certainly result in increased problems of regaining it , even though any interference with the major elements of the sprinkler system and its supply can possibly be rectified or mitigated on the arrival of the fire brigade .

The limits of their manoeuvrability , in close proximity to the vertical face of goods in store is a pre- requisite for normal use and the means provided for escape in an emergency where necessary are designed as appropriate for the initial stages of a developing situation rather than the later ones .
the limits of their manoeuvrability , in close proximity to the vertical face of goods in store is a pre- requisite for normal use and the means provided for escape in an emergency where necessary are designed as appropriate for the [first] stages of a developing situation rather than the later ones .

Whilst it may be possible for certain hoists and lifts to be provided with dual controls and to be relied upon to assist in the initial stages of smouldering fire or even the last stages of salvage and reinstatement , and whilst the provision of a portable extinguisher could be regarded as standard , the dangers involved in aligning the confines of a lift or cage to a developing fire in the only manner by which it could be used effectively are sufficiently great to warrant special mention when consideration is being given to emergency planning .
whilst it may be possible for certain hoists and lifts to be provided with dual controls and to be relied upon to assist in the [first] stages of smouldering fire or even the last stages of salvage and reinstatement , and whilst the provision of a portable extinguisher could be regarded as standard , the dangers involved in aligning the confines of a lift or cage to a developing fire in the only manner by which it could be used effectively are sufficiently great to warrant special mention when consideration is being given to emergency planning .

It would have the effect of localising the effects of a fire or fires which have not been controlled in their initial stages .
it would have the effect of localising the effects of a fire or fires which have not been controlled in their [first] stages .

This would enable positive action , guided by human judgement to be used to limit the spread of fire and provide a possibility of extinguishment in the case of failure by the purely automatic system to control the fire in its initial stages .
this would enable positive action , guided by human judgement to be used to limit the spread of fire and provide a possibility of extinguishment in the case of failure by the purely automatic system to control the fire in its [first] stages .

The greater probability however is that fire will start at low levels before spreading vertically and in the case of occupied buildings an initial attack on a fire with hose-reel equipment may well be successful at a stage before automatic systems have operated .
the greater probability however is that fire will start at low levels before spreading vertically and in the case of occupied buildings an [first] attack on a fire with hose-reel equipment may well be successful at a stage before automatic systems have operated .

To reduce the possibility of the lining materials , used for the construction of walls and ceilings , contributing to the initial fire spread within the building , performance standards are laid down for the reaction to fire of the materials used for the exposed surfaces .
to reduce the possibility of the lining materials , used for the construction of walls and ceilings , contributing to the [first] fire spread within the building , performance standards are laid down for the reaction to fire of the materials used for the exposed surfaces .

Certain of the concepts described in the body of this Guidance Document may not be applicable and proposals should be discussed in the initial stages with officers to the Greater London Council 's Building Regulation Division .
certain of the concepts described in the body of this guidance document may not be applicable and proposals should be discussed in the [first] stages with officers to the greater london council 's building regulation division .

For the desktop publishing tyro , however , there are some sensible guidelines which can be observed in order to prevent too terrifying an experience during the initial phase .
for the desktop publishing tyro , however , there are some sensible guidelines which can be observed in order to prevent too terrifying an experience during the [first] phase .

Once the initial novelty has worn off they will often no longer be needed , you 'll understand the concepts better and be able to make your own judgements .
once the [first] novelty has worn off they will often no longer be needed , you 'll understand the concepts better and be able to make your own judgements .

a large initial letter at the start of the text that drops into the line or lines of text below .
a large [first] letter at the start of the text that drops into the line or lines of text below .

Overall the unit worked very well but the initial feeling that it looked really smart slowly evaporated once it had sat on the desk for an hour or two .
overall the unit worked very well but the [first] feeling that it looked really smart slowly evaporated once it had sat on the desk for an hour or two .

( Part of the reason for this , other than the high initial cost of the hardware , is that film recorders take quite an appreciable time to image the slide whereas a rostrum camera works as fast as the operator can change the artwork . )
( part of the reason for this , other than the high [first] cost of the hardware , is that film recorders take quite an appreciable time to image the slide whereas a rostrum camera works as fast as the operator can change the artwork . )

During this initial period it is also more than likely that your staff will need access to some form of support line service .
during this [first] period it is also more than likely that your staff will need access to some form of support line service .

Some three years on from that initial burst of enthusiasm and the corresponding outcry from the professional market much has changed .
some three years on from that [first] burst of enthusiasm and the corresponding outcry from the professional market much has changed .

Thirty minutes had passed from his initial inspection to the point where he now marked down another match .
thirty minutes had passed from his [first] inspection to the point where he now marked down another match .

But the Pilkington dispute could not have been anticipated ( although there were issues that precipitated it — pay levels were perceived to be low and the initial walkout occurred over a wages error ) .
but the pilkington dispute could not have been anticipated ( although there were issues that precipitated it — pay levels were perceived to be low and the [first] walkout occurred over a wages error ) .

Organisations have many different objectives and engage in a variety of activities , so there is a problem in defining an initial perspective on organisation theory and what we expect the theory to cover .
organisations have many different objectives and engage in a variety of activities , so there is a problem in defining an [first] perspective on organisation theory and what we expect the theory to cover .

Norris , still clad in his white lab coat , was one of those medical students whom fate has seemingly marked out to spend the bulk of their studies and initial training suffering from quite stupendous hangovers incurred through the intake of near-fatal levels of alcohol the night before , and their subsequent professional careers sternly finger-wagging at any member of the general public who dares to consume over the course of a week what they themselves had been perfectly happy to sink during the average evening .
norris , still clad in his white lab coat , was one of those medical students whom fate has seemingly marked out to spend the bulk of their studies and [first] training suffering from quite stupendous hangovers incurred through the intake of near-fatal levels of alcohol the night before , and their subsequent professional careers sternly finger-wagging at any member of the general public who dares to consume over the course of a week what they themselves had been perfectly happy to sink during the average evening .

After some initial problems had been overcome the Garratts were outstandingly successful , running on all gauges from 2 feet to 5 feet 6 inches on gradients up to 1 in 20 or more , usually at modest speeds on heavily curved and graded routes , but capable of 75–80 m.p.h .
after some [first] problems had been overcome the garratts were outstandingly successful , running on all gauges from 2 feet to 5 feet 6 inches on gradients up to 1 in 20 or more , usually at modest speeds on heavily curved and graded routes , but capable of 75–80 m.p.h .

Soon after his marriage Will Hay embarked upon a music-hall and concert-party career , basing his initial sketch , ‘ Bend Down ’ , on the tales of his schoolteacher sister , Elspeth .
soon after his marriage will hay embarked upon a music-hall and concert-party career , basing his [first] sketch , ‘ bend down ’ , on the tales of his schoolteacher sister , elspeth .

Nevertheless , on the first night of the war he was able to round up a ring of twenty-one German spies in an effectively timed and executed coup which probably deprived the Germans of any information on Britain 's initial military dispositions .
nevertheless , on the first night of the war he was able to round up a ring of twenty-one german spies in an effectively timed and executed coup which probably deprived the germans of any information on britain 's [first] military dispositions .

An elder sister , Sarah , had in 1787 married the Glasgow architect , John Craig , and it may have been his brother-in-law who provided his initial professional training .
an elder sister , sarah , had in 1787 married the glasgow architect , john craig , and it may have been his brother-in-law who provided his [first] professional training .

To this catalogue of inflectional variations he added a generous number of illustrations of the initial mutations .
to this catalogue of inflectional variations he added a generous number of illustrations of the [first] mutations .

The rebuilding of the town of Warwick after the fire presumably provided him with an initial opportunity , and he was later responsible for a further group of churches and other public buildings ; but the predominant element in his practice was the building of country houses for the midlands gentry .
the rebuilding of the town of warwick after the fire presumably provided him with an [first] opportunity , and he was later responsible for a further group of churches and other public buildings ; but the predominant element in his practice was the building of country houses for the midlands gentry .

The initial defence of his title was the first world championship held in Scotland .
the [first] defence of his title was the first world championship held in scotland .

He was now motivated to found the first Labour church and on 4 October 1891 the initial service was held at the Chorlton town hall in Manchester .
he was now motivated to found the first labour church and on 4 october 1891 the [first] service was held at the chorlton town hall in manchester .

Northwick was an initial subscriber to the British Institution , founded in 1805 , a member of the Society of Dilettanti , and a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries .
northwick was an [first] subscriber to the british institution , founded in 1805 , a member of the society of dilettanti , and a fellow of the society of antiquaries .

Her initial encouragement led to his marriage to her friend Mary Wollstonecraft [ q.v . ]
her [first] encouragement led to his marriage to her friend mary wollstonecraft [ q.v . ]

He received his initial training in architecture from James Massie ( d .
he received his [first] training in architecture from james massie ( d .

His initial duties were to assist with fieldwork for the magnetic survey of India and by the 1908–9 field season he was in charge of operations in south-west India .
his [first] duties were to assist with fieldwork for the magnetic survey of india and by the 1908–9 field season he was in charge of operations in south-west india .

His chief monument is his work in the St Albans Psalter : forty full-page prefatory paintings illustrating the life of Christ and other subjects ; tinted drawings of the life of St Alexis and of Christ at Emmaus ; the historiated initial at the beginning of Psalm 1 ; and under-drawings for other historiated initials .
his chief monument is his work in the st albans psalter : forty full-page prefatory paintings illustrating the life of christ and other subjects ; tinted drawings of the life of st alexis and of christ at emmaus ; the historiated [first] at the beginning of psalm 1 ; and under-drawings for other historiated initials .

Renowned for her ‘ tomboyish tastes ’ ( she would , even in evening dress , always carry a knife and some string about her person ) , Emma went on to the School for Ornamental Art and began to support early Victorian feminist causes , making an initial living as a restorer of stained-glass windows notably in the chapel of Merton College , Oxford , where she worked for two years in the early 1860s .
renowned for her ‘ tomboyish tastes ’ ( she would , even in evening dress , always carry a knife and some string about her person ) , emma went on to the school for ornamental art and began to support early victorian feminist causes , making an [first] living as a restorer of stained-glass windows notably in the chapel of merton college , oxford , where she worked for two years in the early 1860s .

Together they would analyse the evidence , so that a firmly based interpretation of the geology emerged from the initial conjecture .
together they would analyse the evidence , so that a firmly based interpretation of the geology emerged from the [first] conjecture .

The ‘ front-end loader ’ model of initial training ignores the changing and continuing needs for representatives and other workers to learn how to cope with new challenges and demands in the workplace .
the ‘ front-end loader ’ model of [first] training ignores the changing and continuing needs for representatives and other workers to learn how to cope with new challenges and demands in the workplace .

The typical company — one limited by shares — must issue some shares , and the initial presumption of the law is that all shares confer the same rights and impose the same liabilities .
the typical company — one limited by shares — must issue some shares , and the [first] presumption of the law is that all shares confer the same rights and impose the same liabilities .

The envelope was typed with Rain 's initial and surname .
the envelope was typed with rain 's [first] and surname .

There is likely to be some uncertainty in the initial months of the operation of the Act as to whether or not any particular procession is commonly or customarily held .
there is likely to be some uncertainty in the [first] months of the operation of the act as to whether or not any particular procession is commonly or customarily held .

If the printed word cat is presented , ‘ … the output from the visual analysis might include the attributes < three-letter word > , < tall letter at the end > , < initial c > , < final t > , and so on ’ ( Morton , 1970 , p. 206 ) .
if the printed word cat is presented , ‘ … the output from the visual analysis might include the attributes < three-letter word > , < tall letter at the end > , < [first] c > , < final t > , and so on ’ ( morton , 1970 , p. 206 ) .

According to the cohort model , however , as soon as the first part of the word has been heard , all the detectors for words beginning with this initial sound are activated .
according to the cohort model , however , as soon as the first part of the word has been heard , all the detectors for words beginning with this [first] sound are activated .

This set of words is called the word-initial cohort , since it is a set of words all having the same initial sound .
this set of words is called the word-initial cohort , since it is a set of words all having the same [first] sound .

This allowed the initial size of the cohort for target words to be reduced both on syntactic and semantic grounds .
this allowed the [first] size of the cohort for target words to be reduced both on syntactic and semantic grounds .

What Marslen-Wilson and Tyler propose is that at the onset of a word no reduction of the cohort by context has occurred , and that initial reduction of cohort size depends solely upon sensory input , not context .
what marslen-wilson and tyler propose is that at the onset of a word no reduction of the cohort by context has occurred , and that [first] reduction of cohort size depends solely upon sensory input , not context .

The claim is that working memory is cleared as each clause is completed , and the results of initial processing are recoded for storage in long-term memory , with the effect that syntactic information is lost .
the claim is that working memory is cleared as each clause is completed , and the results of [first] processing are recoded for storage in long-term memory , with the effect that syntactic information is lost .

However , latencies were faster for subordinate clauses when they occurred in sentence final position rather than sentence initial position .
however , latencies were faster for subordinate clauses when they occurred in sentence final position rather than sentence [first] position .

The non-sentences consisted of a sequence of words in which the initial words formed a coherent unit ( e.g .
the non-sentences consisted of a sequence of words in which the [first] words formed a coherent unit ( e.g .

According to his model , sentence production consists of transforming an initial message-level representation ( roughly speaking , a non-linguistic representation of the basic idea the speaker wishes to convey ) into a final articulatory representation ( a pattern of movements of the speech musculature occurring as the constructed sentence is actually spoken aloud ) .
according to his model , sentence production consists of transforming an [first] message-level representation ( roughly speaking , a non-linguistic representation of the basic idea the speaker wishes to convey ) into a final articulatory representation ( a pattern of movements of the speech musculature occurring as the constructed sentence is actually spoken aloud ) .

If the clause is the main unit of encoding then we would expect to find that almost all clauses in the speech corpus Beattie analysed should contain pauses , particularly in initial position .
if the clause is the main unit of encoding then we would expect to find that almost all clauses in the speech corpus beattie analysed should contain pauses , particularly in [first] position .

However , even in the hesitant phase , the planning of short clauses appears to have occurred during preceding utterances , since over 80 per cent of four-word clauses did not contain a pause in initial position , and nearly 75 per cent of three-word clauses did not contain any pauses at all .
however , even in the hesitant phase , the planning of short clauses appears to have occurred during preceding utterances , since over 80 per cent of four-word clauses did not contain a pause in [first] position , and nearly 75 per cent of three-word clauses did not contain any pauses at all .

At the beginning of each sequence , a picture of a human , an animal or object was presented , and the sequence was introduced as being a ‘ story ’ about whoever or whatever was depicted in this initial picture .
at the beginning of each sequence , a picture of a human , an animal or object was presented , and the sequence was introduced as being a ‘ story ’ about whoever or whatever was depicted in this [first] picture .

Initial optimism that the end of the Cold War would lead to a more harmonious world order was rapidly dissipated .
[first] optimism that the end of the cold war would lead to a more harmonious world order was rapidly dissipated .

In historic cost accounting , capital is measured as the initial capital invested .
in historic cost accounting , capital is measured as the [first] capital invested .

Historically , the emphasis on maintaining the initial capital invested in a public limited company derives from the causes célèbres of the nineteenth century , when creditors were swindled out of their debts by PLCs which distributed capital as income thus leaving insufficient assets to repay creditors .
historically , the emphasis on maintaining the [first] capital invested in a public limited company derives from the causes célèbres of the nineteenth century , when creditors were swindled out of their debts by plcs which distributed capital as income thus leaving insufficient assets to repay creditors .

However , under historic cost accruals accounting , for an asset which was sold for more than was paid for it , then the net gain would be income : only the initial cost would be called capital .
however , under historic cost accruals accounting , for an asset which was sold for more than was paid for it , then the net gain would be income : only the [first] cost would be called capital .

Maintaining initial capital intact would be useless if you wanted to remain in the same business .
maintaining [first] capital intact would be useless if you wanted to remain in the same business .

Profit figures become merely amounts which can be spent without impairing initial capital invested .
profit figures become merely amounts which can be spent without impairing [first] capital invested .

Had charges been made in excess of the ones recorded here , these excesses would have been called ‘ profits ’ or ‘ surpluses ’ , after maintaining initial capital intact .
had charges been made in excess of the ones recorded here , these excesses would have been called ‘ profits ’ or ‘ surpluses ’ , after maintaining [first] capital intact .

The tiger claw form 1 : the initial stance .
the tiger claw form 1 : the [first] stance .

4 As the attacker falls backwards after the initial blow , he is floored by another full-force elbow strike across the throat .
4 as the attacker falls backwards after the [first] blow , he is floored by another full-force elbow strike across the throat .

The initial model proposed , based upon data from the Mediterranean , has been superseded with the advent of information from a greater range of sites elsewhere in the world , with emphasis upon correlation other than on simple altitudinal grounds and with more complete methods of absolute and relative dating .
the [first] model proposed , based upon data from the mediterranean , has been superseded with the advent of information from a greater range of sites elsewhere in the world , with emphasis upon correlation other than on simple altitudinal grounds and with more complete methods of absolute and relative dating .

In his work in the western part of the United States not only did he describe physical erosive processes but was also able to derive a system of laws governing progress from initial to adjusted forms ( Chorley , Dunn and Beckinsale , 1964 ) and in his Report on the Geology of the Henry Mountains ( 1877 ) he provided the first major treatment by a geologist of the mechanics of fluvial processes .
in his work in the western part of the united states not only did he describe physical erosive processes but was also able to derive a system of laws governing progress from [first] to adjusted forms ( chorley , dunn and beckinsale , 1964 ) and in his report on the geology of the henry mountains ( 1877 ) he provided the first major treatment by a geologist of the mechanics of fluvial processes .

Initial progress was made in tracing water discharged at resurgences but this was succeeded by deductions of limestone erosion rates , by determination of drainage areas , by distinction of the significance of percolation water and of conduit flow and thence of application of the results of process investigations to the derivation of modified models of landscape development as proposed by Smith and Newson ( 1974 ) for the Mendips .
[first] progress was made in tracing water discharged at resurgences but this was succeeded by deductions of limestone erosion rates , by determination of drainage areas , by distinction of the significance of percolation water and of conduit flow and thence of application of the results of process investigations to the derivation of modified models of landscape development as proposed by smith and newson ( 1974 ) for the mendips .

In a later paper Jenny ( 1961 ) endeavoured to advance the approach by introducing ecosystems in a systems-oriented approach whereby the initial state Lo represents the assemblage of properties at time zero , Px is the combined result of inputs and outputs which provides the flux potential and t is the age of the system . This provided a revised general state factor equation where ecosystem properties ( l ) , soil properties ( s ) , vegetation properties ( v ) and animal properties ( a ) are combined in an equation in the form :
in a later paper jenny ( 1961 ) endeavoured to advance the approach by introducing ecosystems in a systems-oriented approach whereby the [first] state lo represents the assemblage of properties at time zero , px is the combined result of inputs and outputs which provides the flux potential and t is the age of the system . this provided a revised general state factor equation where ecosystem properties ( l ) , soil properties ( s ) , vegetation properties ( v ) and animal properties ( a ) are combined in an equation in the form :

In a closed system the given amount of initial free energy becomes less readily available as the system develops towards a state with maximum entropy , where entropy signifies the degree to which energy has become unable to perform work .
in a closed system the given amount of [first] free energy becomes less readily available as the system develops towards a state with maximum entropy , where entropy signifies the degree to which energy has become unable to perform work .

Open systems can import free energy ( or negative entropy ) into the system and they can behave equifinally whereby different initial conditions can lead to similar end results .
open systems can import free energy ( or negative entropy ) into the system and they can behave equifinally whereby different [first] conditions can lead to similar end results .

Although Trudgill ( 1977 ) did not follow his initial intention to deal in detail with the three main systems of flow and cycling nutrients , energy and water , these energy flows are prominent in his book .
although trudgill ( 1977 ) did not follow his [first] intention to deal in detail with the three main systems of flow and cycling nutrients , energy and water , these energy flows are prominent in his book .

There was no initial reason to suspect Daine 's Dream was anything more than the usual hacker incursion , too tiny to bother about .
there was no [first] reason to suspect daine 's dream was anything more than the usual hacker incursion , too tiny to bother about .

The cleft in the rock made a dramatic framework to the distant mountains , reminding Melissa of her initial reason for this expedition .
the cleft in the rock made a dramatic framework to the distant mountains , reminding melissa of her [first] reason for this expedition .

In the initial stage , Fig .
in the [first] stage , fig .

Steers ( 1953 ) has stressed the importance of vegetation and of dune formation in the history of offshore bars on the north Norfolk coast , which will be discussed below , and it is possible that slight changes of base level may also be important in the initial stages of some offshore bars .
steers ( 1953 ) has stressed the importance of vegetation and of dune formation in the history of offshore bars on the north norfolk coast , which will be discussed below , and it is possible that slight changes of base level may also be important in the [first] stages of some offshore bars .

( or Psamma arenaria as it is sometimes called , the initial letter being silent .
( or psamma arenaria as it is sometimes called , the [first] letter being silent .

An initial hollow , whether scoured by the wind or not , would tend to be damper than the surrounding desert and thus chemical weathering would be greater there .
an [first] hollow , whether scoured by the wind or not , would tend to be damper than the surrounding desert and thus chemical weathering would be greater there .

In music of this century , composers have cultivated melodic ‘ growth ’ by choosing a specific group of notes , and then , by presenting them in different orders or different rhythmic shapes , created melody which proliferates from what may be only a very limited stock of initial material .
in music of this century , composers have cultivated melodic ‘ growth ’ by choosing a specific group of notes , and then , by presenting them in different orders or different rhythmic shapes , created melody which proliferates from what may be only a very limited stock of [first] material .

Having discussed the construction of a melody 's smallest essential part — the initial phrase — we can move on to the building of complete themes .
having discussed the construction of a melody 's smallest essential part — the [first] phrase — we can move on to the building of complete themes .

to exploit more fully the opportunities provided by the unit credit system to offer these studies on undifferentiated full-time , mixed mode , and part-time routes , and hence contribute to local and national needs for initial undergraduate courses and continuing education .
to exploit more fully the opportunities provided by the unit credit system to offer these studies on undifferentiated full-time , mixed mode , and part-time routes , and hence contribute to local and national needs for [first] undergraduate courses and continuing education .

As Figure 2.3 ( from the same quinquennium ) indicates , the Course has also been able to maintain a fairly stable pattern of enrolments by subject through the initial years of NAB-led planning ( an issue discussed further in Chapter 3 ) .
as figure 2.3 ( from the same quinquennium ) indicates , the course has also been able to maintain a fairly stable pattern of enrolments by subject through the [first] years of nab-led planning ( an issue discussed further in chapter 3 ) .

Theodossin also implies a third element here , that the scheme began and developed with a wide range of institutional consent precisely because of features of its initial design ( he points , for example , to the choice of a term-long unit and the control retained by staff over field changes , if not module changes , by students ) .
theodossin also implies a third element here , that the scheme began and developed with a wide range of institutional consent precisely because of features of its [first] design ( he points , for example , to the choice of a term-long unit and the control retained by staff over field changes , if not module changes , by students ) .

Those responsible for initial teacher training , for example , were apparently relieved that the Polytechnic , upon its merger with the Lady Spencer Churchill College of Education in 1975 , was not intending to leave them as a monotechnic island in the interdisciplinary sea of the Polytechnic , particularly when it remained possible ( as confirmed by subsequent experience elsewhere ) that isolation would mean a low ranking in whatever prioritization exercises the Polytechnic might be forced to undertake .
those responsible for [first] teacher training , for example , were apparently relieved that the polytechnic , upon its merger with the lady spencer churchill college of education in 1975 , was not intending to leave them as a monotechnic island in the interdisciplinary sea of the polytechnic , particularly when it remained possible ( as confirmed by subsequent experience elsewhere ) that isolation would mean a low ranking in whatever prioritization exercises the polytechnic might be forced to undertake .

The Polytechnic is now responsible , though its Academic Board , for the processes of both review and initial validation under an accreditation agreement .
the polytechnic is now responsible , though its academic board , for the processes of both review and [first] validation under an accreditation agreement .

The cycle of periodic reviews of fields is in place and the first initial validations have been led from within the Polytechnic , including those for physics , chemistry , business administration & management , and nursing and midwifery .
the cycle of periodic reviews of fields is in place and the first [first] validations have been led from within the polytechnic , including those for physics , chemistry , business administration & management , and nursing and midwifery .

Scandinavia , equally well served by rivers and coastal sea traffic , was also slow to develop national networks after initial line foundations — Denmark in 1847 , Norway in 1854 , and Sweden in 1856 .
scandinavia , equally well served by rivers and coastal sea traffic , was also slow to develop national networks after [first] line foundations — denmark in 1847 , norway in 1854 , and sweden in 1856 .

An initial distinction might be made between communes with and those without a railway station .
an [first] distinction might be made between communes with and those without a railway station .

The Royal Commission on Legal Services recommended that an initial half-hour 's worth of advice should be provided free of charge to anyone who requests it , despite the possibilities of abuse by those who have adequate financial resources .
the royal commission on legal services recommended that an [first] half-hour 's worth of advice should be provided free of charge to anyone who requests it , despite the possibilities of abuse by those who have adequate financial resources .

Cost is obviously a factor which is balanced against the need for special skill or expertise , but it was an appreciation of the fears of the public about the financial consequences of visiting a solicitor which led the Royal Commission on Legal Services to recommend the ‘ free initial half-hour ’ despite the possibilities of abuse .
cost is obviously a factor which is balanced against the need for special skill or expertise , but it was an appreciation of the fears of the public about the financial consequences of visiting a solicitor which led the royal commission on legal services to recommend the ‘ free [first] half-hour ’ despite the possibilities of abuse .

Until 1990 , the waiver agreement required that a law centre should not normally deal in particular matters , save in an emergency or for the provision of initial advice , or for other carefully circumscribed reasons .
until 1990 , the waiver agreement required that a law centre should not normally deal in particular matters , save in an emergency or for the provision of [first] advice , or for other carefully circumscribed reasons .

It ensures that the solicitor only sees those clients who have been identified by a volunteer worker as being in need of professional advice ; it provides a free initial interview to encourage those who may be worried about cost ; and it permits the solicitor to take on those clients who may need more extensive legal assistance .
it ensures that the solicitor only sees those clients who have been identified by a volunteer worker as being in need of professional advice ; it provides a free [first] interview to encourage those who may be worried about cost ; and it permits the solicitor to take on those clients who may need more extensive legal assistance .

There is some evidence that solicitors also provide a form of gratuitous legal advice by waiving their charges in respect of a short initial consultation which does not require action on their part or a further interview .
there is some evidence that solicitors also provide a form of gratuitous legal advice by waiving their charges in respect of a short [first] consultation which does not require action on their part or a further interview .

’ this is an initial interview for up to half an hour for which the maximum charge will be £5 .
’ this is an [first] interview for up to half an hour for which the maximum charge will be £5 .

The Statutory Advice Scheme ( the ‘ pink form ’ scheme ) was means-tested with the top limit for eligibility set very low , involved an initial payment of half-a-crown by the client and permitted the solicitor to claim £1 per half-hour from the Law Society up to a maximum of £3 .
the statutory advice scheme ( the ‘ pink form ’ scheme ) was means-tested with the top limit for eligibility set very low , involved an [first] payment of half-a-crown by the client and permitted the solicitor to claim £1 per half-hour from the law society up to a maximum of £3 .

Four other major criticisms of the scheme have been advanced — that the initial limit is too low ; that the financial criteria are too strict ; that the scheme is not sufficiently well-known to attract those who need it ; and that the system is open to abuse by solicitors .
four other major criticisms of the scheme have been advanced — that the [first] limit is too low ; that the financial criteria are too strict ; that the scheme is not sufficiently well-known to attract those who need it ; and that the system is open to abuse by solicitors .

The consequences of a low initial limit was that a solicitor would either have to stop work at an early stage and wait for an extension to be authorised , which ‘ is time-consuming , causes delay and raises difficulties with clients , ’ or work on without an extension .
the consequences of a low [first] limit was that a solicitor would either have to stop work at an early stage and wait for an extension to be authorised , which ‘ is time-consuming , causes delay and raises difficulties with clients , ’ or work on without an extension .

provision for a free initial half-hour interview with a solicitor , available irrespective of means .
provision for a free [first] half-hour interview with a solicitor , available irrespective of means .

The initial concerns of the Board were with the transfer of responsibilities from the Law Society and their subsequent management .
the [first] concerns of the board were with the transfer of responsibilities from the law society and their subsequent management .

Any changes should only be introduced after proper research and costing , and after an initial experiment .
any changes should only be introduced after proper research and costing , and after an [first] experiment .

Once the plaintiff has found a solicitor , the problems that may face the plaintiff in the initial stages of negotiation must be discussed . Two questions arise : first , the liability question , i. e. is the defendant liable in law ? secondly , the quantum question , i.e. if the defendant is liable , how much should the damages be ?
once the plaintiff has found a solicitor , the problems that may face the plaintiff in the [first] stages of negotiation must be discussed . two questions arise : first , the liability question , i. e. is the defendant liable in law ? secondly , the quantum question , i.e. if the defendant is liable , how much should the damages be ?

The legal advice scheme may be invoked for initial advice and assistance , but the litigant who requires the services of a lawyer in civil proceedings must rely on the provisions of the representation element of the legal aid scheme or meet the cost himself or herself .
the legal advice scheme may be invoked for [first] advice and assistance , but the litigant who requires the services of a lawyer in civil proceedings must rely on the provisions of the representation element of the legal aid scheme or meet the cost himself or herself .

The initial approach of the courts was to adopt a highly restrictive interpretation of these provisions , meaning that trifling sums were awarded in costs .
the [first] approach of the courts was to adopt a highly restrictive interpretation of these provisions , meaning that trifling sums were awarded in costs .

The plaintiff must follow the initial procedure outlined above .
the plaintiff must follow the [first] procedure outlined above .

( It may seem ironical that the initial question of whether the case should go to arbitration or trial involved three hearings — two in the county court and one in the Court of Appeal . )
( it may seem ironical that the [first] question of whether the case should go to arbitration or trial involved three hearings — two in the county court and one in the court of appeal . )

The annual report has now become available , and tends to take some of the sheen off the initial interpretation .
the annual report has now become available , and tends to take some of the sheen off the [first] interpretation .

If all these bodies bore similar complements of volatiles then this homogeneous accretion ( of volatiles ) would have given the initial distribution in Figure 5.1 ( a ) .
if all these bodies bore similar complements of volatiles then this homogeneous accretion ( of volatiles ) would have given the [first] distribution in figure 5.1 ( a ) .

However , it is possible that the dust ages are erroneously high because of the loss of the initial isotopes other than by radioactive decay ( section 2.1.15 ) .
however , it is possible that the dust ages are erroneously high because of the loss of the [first] isotopes other than by radioactive decay ( section 2.1.15 ) .

The variety at the surface is greatly increased by the excavation through impacts of different layers of accreted material , thus converting an initial vertical variation in composition into the horizontal variability observed .
the variety at the surface is greatly increased by the excavation through impacts of different layers of accreted material , thus converting an [first] vertical variation in composition into the horizontal variability observed .

All these services require substantial management and specialist support beyond the initial setting-up period , which has often proved difficult to provide .
all these services require substantial management and specialist support beyond the [first] setting-up period , which has often proved difficult to provide .

The White Paper , the Act itself and the preliminary draft guidance all emphasize the government 's expectation that not every referral will necessitate a comprehensive assessment and that departments will need to establish criteria of eligibility for a full assessment and an initial screening mechanism ( DoH , 1989b , 1990 , 1991a ) .
the white paper , the act itself and the preliminary draft guidance all emphasize the government 's expectation that not every referral will necessitate a comprehensive assessment and that departments will need to establish criteria of eligibility for a full assessment and an [first] screening mechanism ( doh , 1989b , 1990 , 1991a ) .

Artaud 's initial public appearance before literary France came in the form of ‘ life ’ and not art , in the publication of his personal correspondence with Nouvelle revue française editor Jacques Rivière , after the latter had refused his poems due to their failure to live up to certain formal canons .
artaud 's [first] public appearance before literary france came in the form of ‘ life ’ and not art , in the publication of his personal correspondence with nouvelle revue française editor jacques rivière , after the latter had refused his poems due to their failure to live up to certain formal canons .

Although Pepper v. Hart is the initial formulation of the relaxed exclusionary rule , the ambiguities which it contains and the failure to relate it to other aids to statutory construction are perhaps less deserving of a welcome .
although pepper v. hart is the [first] formulation of the relaxed exclusionary rule , the ambiguities which it contains and the failure to relate it to other aids to statutory construction are perhaps less deserving of a welcome .

Shildon had excused his initial omissions on the grounds that he had concealed that he was engaged in work which was not for the business section .
shildon had excused his [first] omissions on the grounds that he had concealed that he was engaged in work which was not for the business section .

Wickham 's initial feeling was that if it were true the only surprising thing was that Barron had not flown away sooner .
wickham 's [first] feeling was that if it were true the only surprising thing was that barron had not flown away sooner .

However in a few incidents the initial charge had been for the full offence of rape … .
however in a few incidents the [first] charge had been for the full offence of rape … .

Gina had the first volume open at the initial entry and she read aloud : ‘ Durban , Natal , Thursday , January 1st 1852 .
gina had the first volume open at the [first] entry and she read aloud : ‘ durban , natal , thursday , january 1st 1852 .

Initial capital £1.7 million .
[first] capital £1.7 million .

The review resulted in an upward revision of the Sanga-Sanga field 's gross initial proved wet gas reserves by over 800 bcf to 12,460 bcf .
the review resulted in an upward revision of the sanga-sanga field 's gross [first] proved wet gas reserves by over 800 bcf to 12,460 bcf .

Seychelles : Following completion of the initial seismic survey in 1991 , a 50 per cent reduction of acreage is scheduled for August 1992 .
seychelles : following completion of the [first] seismic survey in 1991 , a 50 per cent reduction of acreage is scheduled for august 1992 .

Following successful completion of this initial installation , new channel cables were laid to all the peripherals ( disks , tapes , printers etc ) which need to be connected to the system but existing connections to the two 600Js remained in place .
following successful completion of this [first] installation , new channel cables were laid to all the peripherals ( disks , tapes , printers etc ) which need to be connected to the system but existing connections to the two 600js remained in place .

Through the Service , an initial supply of sheets is discreetly provided and thereafter a fresh supply is brought on a regular basis to each home , and the used sheets are taken away to be laundered .
through the service , an [first] supply of sheets is discreetly provided and thereafter a fresh supply is brought on a regular basis to each home , and the used sheets are taken away to be laundered .

Initial ( simple needs and outcomes
[first] ( simple needs and outcomes

Patients ' social circumstances should be checked by ward staff to identify those likely to need services , undertake initial assessments and prepare discharge plans in close liaison with social work staff .
patients ' social circumstances should be checked by ward staff to identify those likely to need services , undertake [first] assessments and prepare discharge plans in close liaison with social work staff .

The initial phase of the training is as much about learning as it is about skills development and the multi agency study groups system in Lothian which underpin this package is the vehicle for achieving this .
the [first] phase of the training is as much about learning as it is about skills development and the multi agency study groups system in lothian which underpin this package is the vehicle for achieving this .

Initial contacts with members of the public where no background information exists
[first] contacts with members of the public where no background information exists

The Joint Working Group on Youth Work in Lothian has had initial discussions with the aim of developing appropriate strategies for including road safety issues in programmes for young people .
the joint working group on youth work in lothian has had [first] discussions with the aim of developing appropriate strategies for including road safety issues in programmes for young people .

To follow up initial discussions with interested parties and to arrange a number of presentations .
to follow up [first] discussions with interested parties and to arrange a number of presentations .

The initial results are promising and will be tested during 1993 .
the [first] results are promising and will be tested during 1993 .

An undue emphasis on the initial technological concept can lead to unrealistic expectations and an early abandonment of the innovation process .
an undue emphasis on the [first] technological concept can lead to unrealistic expectations and an early abandonment of the innovation process .

However , we do not favour a recurring blanket review but propose that all new minerals permissions , as well as existing ones following initial review , should include conditions specifying the timing and content of subsequent reviews .
however , we do not favour a recurring blanket review but propose that all new minerals permissions , as well as existing ones following [first] review , should include conditions specifying the timing and content of subsequent reviews .

Initial suggestions to be discussed for the 1993 strategy are :
[first] suggestions to be discussed for the 1993 strategy are :

Initial suggestions to be discussed for the 1993 strategy are :
[first] suggestions to be discussed for the 1993 strategy are :

This discussion paper reflects the initial thinking of the Assistant Director ( Branches ) .
this discussion paper reflects the [first] thinking of the assistant director ( branches ) .

In creating the conservation plan the Trust 's initial purpose was not to create a special reserve for rare species , but rather a haven for the common things of Nature which ought to be on any farm — meadow and hedgerow flowers and grasses , butterflies , dragonflies , lizards , frogs , newts , hedgerows and owls .
in creating the conservation plan the trust 's [first] purpose was not to create a special reserve for rare species , but rather a haven for the common things of nature which ought to be on any farm — meadow and hedgerow flowers and grasses , butterflies , dragonflies , lizards , frogs , newts , hedgerows and owls .

Early reports from the newly-producing Markham field show that gas is flowing well above initial expectations .
early reports from the newly-producing markham field show that gas is flowing well above [first] expectations .

You will probably be responsible for the first £35 of each claim in respect of baggage , money , medical expenses and cancellation and curtailment ( except when a claim is made for the initial holiday deposit ) .
you will probably be responsible for the first £35 of each claim in respect of baggage , money , medical expenses and cancellation and curtailment ( except when a claim is made for the [first] holiday deposit ) .

The initial charge is currently set at 6% of your investment .
the [first] charge is currently set at 6% of your investment .

Initial attempts to disperse the slick are centred on defending the desalination plants .
[first] attempts to disperse the slick are centred on defending the desalination plants .

My initial letter , addressed to headteachers and staff of Catholic schools in Strathclyde , outlining my background and intended role in the region led to many invitations to meet with people to share experiences .
my [first] letter , addressed to headteachers and staff of catholic schools in strathclyde , outlining my background and intended role in the region led to many invitations to meet with people to share experiences .

The initial setting of the tesserae , therefore , can be undertaken in a workshop near to the pavement or , indeed , in the nearest town .
the [first] setting of the tesserae , therefore , can be undertaken in a workshop near to the pavement or , indeed , in the nearest town .

Furthermore , this scheme of developments , where it accounts more satisfactorily for the relationship of the Barton , Woodchester and Stonesfield mosaics with the stylised and scattered members of integral group ( a ) — see below — also implies an initial stimulus to mosaic building .
furthermore , this scheme of developments , where it accounts more satisfactorily for the relationship of the barton , woodchester and stonesfield mosaics with the stylised and scattered members of integral group ( a ) — see below — also implies an [first] stimulus to mosaic building .

Thus left-dislocated sentences ( Ross , 1967 ) like the following seem to mark the topic of the sentence by movement into initial position : ( 98 ) That blouse , it 's simply stunning ( 99 ) Vera , is she coming down then ?
thus left-dislocated sentences ( ross , 1967 ) like the following seem to mark the topic of the sentence by movement into [first] position : ( 98 ) that blouse , it 's simply stunning ( 99 ) vera , is she coming down then ?

An initial theory is that the baobabs contracted a fungal disease after rains earlier this year ended almost a decade of drought .
an [first] theory is that the baobabs contracted a fungal disease after rains earlier this year ended almost a decade of drought .

The owner , Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation , does not intend to restart the reactor until the cause of the initial failure has been identified .
the owner , niagara mohawk power corporation , does not intend to restart the reactor until the cause of the [first] failure has been identified .

An oil rig tender also succeeded , after initial problems , in towing the tanker further out to sea to calmer waters , where the remaining oil was transferred to another tanker .
an oil rig tender also succeeded , after [first] problems , in towing the tanker further out to sea to calmer waters , where the remaining oil was transferred to another tanker .

The initial study of cancer cell behaviour can only be done with a living animal in order to define those ‘ test tube ’ characteristics which correlate with uncontrolled growth and spread of tumour cells within the whole body .
the [first] study of cancer cell behaviour can only be done with a living animal in order to define those ‘ test tube ’ characteristics which correlate with uncontrolled growth and spread of tumour cells within the whole body .

Initial reports have now been received and detailed consideration will now continue .
[first] reports have now been received and detailed consideration will now continue .

This should lead to an initial reduction of some 11 per cent in crop production , and the group hope that in the long run , cuts of up to 20 per cent could be achieved .
this should lead to an [first] reduction of some 11 per cent in crop production , and the group hope that in the long run , cuts of up to 20 per cent could be achieved .

The initial effects included `` black rain `` , caused by the soot , falling on the whole northern Gulf region , Iran and southern Turkey .
the [first] effects included `` black rain `` , caused by the soot , falling on the whole northern gulf region , iran and southern turkey .

The system of `` Red Routes `` ( urban clearways with stringent parking restrictions ) , currently under trial in London , would be extended , after initial studies showed that it had proved successful in cutting journey times by up to 30 per cent .
the system of `` red routes `` ( urban clearways with stringent parking restrictions ) , currently under trial in london , would be extended , after [first] studies showed that it had proved successful in cutting journey times by up to 30 per cent .

Britain 's initial position of support for Cramra had been to all intents and purposes relinquished by the end of the meeting .
britain 's [first] position of support for cramra had been to all intents and purposes relinquished by the end of the meeting .

An initial capital sum will be given to farmers with appropriate terrain such as chalk and limestone grasslands , lowland heaths , river valleys and coastal areas .
an [first] capital sum will be given to farmers with appropriate terrain such as chalk and limestone grasslands , lowland heaths , river valleys and coastal areas .

Farm incomes are expected to fall in the 1990s and the Commission expects many farmers to participate in the scheme , despite initial protests that the payments are too low .
farm incomes are expected to fall in the 1990s and the commission expects many farmers to participate in the scheme , despite [first] protests that the payments are too low .

The initial reports claimed that local fisherman had killed the dolphins in order to protect their fishing grounds and for dolphin meat , which was divided up amongst Fukue islanders in the East China Sea off Nagasaki .
the [first] reports claimed that local fisherman had killed the dolphins in order to protect their fishing grounds and for dolphin meat , which was divided up amongst fukue islanders in the east china sea off nagasaki .

Given the appropriate contextual assumptions both [ 15b ] and [ 15c ] are relevant answers to the initial question .
given the appropriate contextual assumptions both [ 15b ] and [ 15c ] are relevant answers to the [first] question .

In [ 17 ] ( repeated below ) the author is recalling his initial impressions of the writer , John Gardner .
in [ 17 ] ( repeated below ) the author is recalling his [first] impressions of the writer , john gardner .

The first segment ( a ) contains a description of Gardner 's appearance which , although it may list the respects in which Gardner deviated from Carver 's idea of a writer , does not necessarily communicate an accurate impression of Carver 's initial reaction .
the first segment ( a ) contains a description of gardner 's appearance which , although it may list the respects in which gardner deviated from carver 's idea of a writer , does not necessarily communicate an accurate impression of carver 's [first] reaction .

That is , the relevance of the reformulation lies in the way it constrains the interpretation of the first segment so that it matches Carver 's own initial impressions .
that is , the relevance of the reformulation lies in the way it constrains the interpretation of the first segment so that it matches carver 's own [first] impressions .

It will be important to formulate an initial strategy for the bid even if it has to be modified subsequently as a result of changing circumstances . Relevant matters will include :
it will be important to formulate an [first] strategy for the bid even if it has to be modified subsequently as a result of changing circumstances . relevant matters will include :

1.13 " Lease " means a Lease of the Premises for a term of years commencing on the Term Commencement Date reserving [ a or an initial ] rent of £ ( pounds ) per year such Lease to be in the form of the draft Lease annexed and initialled by or on behalf of the parties with such modifications as may from time to time be agreed in writing by or on behalf of the parties or as may be made pursuant to clause 4 of this agreement
1.13 " lease " means a lease of the premises for a term of years commencing on the term commencement date reserving [ a or an [first] ] rent of £ ( pounds ) per year such lease to be in the form of the draft lease annexed and initialled by or on behalf of the parties with such modifications as may from time to time be agreed in writing by or on behalf of the parties or as may be made pursuant to clause 4 of this agreement

1.6 Initial rent £ ( pounds ) per year The initial rent will be inserted and should be checked .
1.6 [first] rent £ ( pounds ) per year the [first] rent will be inserted and should be checked .

Many leases deal with rent review dates by stating that the initial rent will be subject to review on the day of and thereafter in every [ fifth ] anniversary of that date during the term .
many leases deal with rent review dates by stating that the [first] rent will be subject to review on the day of and thereafter in every [ fifth ] anniversary of that date during the term .

1.14 Initial provisional £ service charge ( pounds ) per year
1.14 [first] provisional £ service charge ( pounds ) per year

2.14 " Rent " means the Initial Rent and rent ascertained in accordance with the fourth Schedule and such term includes neither the Insurance Rent nor the Service Charge but the term " rents " includes Rent the Insurance and the Service Charge See under clause 4 as to the reservation of the insurance rent and the service charge as rents .
2.14 " rent " means the [first] rent and rent ascertained in accordance with the fourth schedule and such term includes neither the insurance rent nor the service charge but the term " rents " includes rent the insurance and the service charge see under clause 4 as to the reservation of the insurance rent and the service charge as rents .

If there is no initial guarantor the tenant may object to the inclusion of clause 8 despite the fact that guarantor 's covenants may become necessary on an assignment .
if there is no [first] guarantor the tenant may object to the inclusion of clause 8 despite the fact that guarantor 's covenants may become necessary on an assignment .

It may be a question of compromise between the landlord and the tenant but a general qualification is suggested as an initial amendment .
it may be a question of compromise between the landlord and the tenant but a general qualification is suggested as an [first] amendment .

When a contract is made following initial telephone contact and one party tries to rely on its standard terms , it is likely that the other will dispute the incorporation of the terms .
when a contract is made following [first] telephone contact and one party tries to rely on its standard terms , it is likely that the other will dispute the incorporation of the terms .

Where the initial contact is by telephone , it may be possible to satisfy a court that no contract was made on the telephone , and that the contract was governed by standard terms sent after the initial telephone contact .
where the [first] contact is by telephone , it may be possible to satisfy a court that no contract was made on the telephone , and that the contract was governed by standard terms sent after the [first] telephone contact .

The initial clause , `` Happy those early days ! ``
the [first] clause , `` happy those early days ! ``

This is partly evident in my initial example of the `` backward-looking `` function of the deictic element 'shin `` d `` ( line 2 ) , but lyric poetry is also a genre where such referents are continually introduced .
this is partly evident in my [first] example of the `` backward-looking `` function of the deictic element 'shin `` d `` ( line 2 ) , but lyric poetry is also a genre where such referents are continually introduced .

Other forms of communication may well be appropriate after an initial meeting .
other forms of communication may well be appropriate after an [first] meeting .

Again , this all helps with cementing the initial relationship and if the first impression is a good one , the practitioner is off to a flying start , which could help if there are difficulties at a later stage with the transaction .
again , this all helps with cementing the [first] relationship and if the first impression is a good one , the practitioner is off to a flying start , which could help if there are difficulties at a later stage with the transaction .

The main object of a meeting , having agreed a quotation , is to obtain as much information as possible to make up the initial Protocol package for the seller or buyer .
the main object of a meeting , having agreed a quotation , is to obtain as much information as possible to make up the [first] protocol package for the seller or buyer .

However , one without the other is of little assistance in the preparation of this initial document .
however , one without the other is of little assistance in the preparation of this [first] document .

At this initial stage , it is important to undertake a local authority search , a commons registration search and a public index map search where the land is not registered .
at this [first] stage , it is important to undertake a local authority search , a commons registration search and a public index map search where the land is not registered .

3 . Initial letters
3 . [first] letters

On this principle write all initial letters together on the day you receive instructions , or at the latest the following day .
on this principle write all [first] letters together on the day you receive instructions , or at the latest the following day .

This problem word occurs in context with two other words , only marginally less problematic for the translator , in what is arguably the poem 's centrally significant couplet : Note the management of emphasis in the hexameter , through the initial and the final .
this problem word occurs in context with two other words , only marginally less problematic for the translator , in what is arguably the poem 's centrally significant couplet : note the management of emphasis in the hexameter , through the [first] and the final .

Thus if the confidential information was published in full detail then the initial recipient would not have a head start .
thus if the confidential information was published in full detail then the [first] recipient would not have a head start .

The judge pointed out that in the statement of claim the confidential information relied on was described in a general way as a fund of technical knowledge and experience relating to a number of matters ; in particular the contents of the manuals and the Initial Feasibility Study .
the judge pointed out that in the statement of claim the confidential information relied on was described in a general way as a fund of technical knowledge and experience relating to a number of matters ; in particular the contents of the manuals and the [first] feasibility study .

3 Initial observations on the character of Anderson
3 [first] observations on the character of anderson

Anderson is not consistently loquacious , but he does produce occasionally lengthy utterances , which themselves suggest the vagueness Stoppard describes in his initial stage direction .
anderson is not consistently loquacious , but he does produce occasionally lengthy utterances , which themselves suggest the vagueness stoppard describes in his [first] stage direction .

His initial unease is indicated in his hesitant reference to being on the way to an engagement ( p. 65 ) , and his fear and powerlessness at the end of the scene reflects itself in his abandonment of his turn as he `` decides abruptly to leave `` ( p. 73 ) .
his [first] unease is indicated in his hesitant reference to being on the way to an engagement ( p. 65 ) , and his fear and powerlessness at the end of the scene reflects itself in his abandonment of his turn as he `` decides abruptly to leave `` ( p. 73 ) .

If the same timetable were followed this would mean an initial review within four weeks , a second review within the next three months and subsequent reviews at intervals not exceeding six months .
if the same timetable were followed this would mean an [first] review within four weeks , a second review within the next three months and subsequent reviews at intervals not exceeding six months .

An initial child protection conference should not be called until there has been a s47 investigation into any incident or allegation of abuse which gives rise to concern .
an [first] child protection conference should not be called until there has been a s47 investigation into any incident or allegation of abuse which gives rise to concern .

Working Together , para 5.15.3 states that an initial child protection conference should take place within eight days of referral unless there are special reasons for delay when a maximum of 15 days may elapse .
working together , para 5.15.3 states that an [first] child protection conference should take place within eight days of referral unless there are special reasons for delay when a maximum of 15 days may elapse .

; ( b ) communication and responsiveness ; ( c ) timeliness and billing ; ( d ) procedures ( eg for case acceptance , conflict checking , initial client interviews , file opening , limitation dates , reminder systems , case management , instructing counsel , retaining experts , locating and dealing with witnesses , starting and defending actions , discovery , pre-trial procedures and trial preparation ) ; ( e ) training , precedents and know-how ; ( f ) quality management .
; ( b ) communication and responsiveness ; ( c ) timeliness and billing ; ( d ) procedures ( eg for case acceptance , conflict checking , [first] client interviews , file opening , limitation dates , reminder systems , case management , instructing counsel , retaining experts , locating and dealing with witnesses , starting and defending actions , discovery , pre-trial procedures and trial preparation ) ; ( e ) training , precedents and know-how ; ( f ) quality management .

This is an opportunity to be built on when it occurs as the insurer 's preference for its own panel members is bound to be an initial issue ; at the same time as asserting the client 's right to choose , panel membership can be discussed .
this is an opportunity to be built on when it occurs as the insurer 's preference for its own panel members is bound to be an [first] issue ; at the same time as asserting the client 's right to choose , panel membership can be discussed .

This concerns the stages a case goes through from initial instructions to its conclusion and the physical appearance of the file throughout that time .
this concerns the stages a case goes through from [first] instructions to its conclusion and the physical appearance of the file throughout that time .

An example of a typical initial letter to the client would be as follows :
an example of a typical [first] letter to the client would be as follows :

Initial steps
[first] steps

In preparing the initial proof of evidence of the plaintiff , a detailed history must be taken of the injuries , their symptoms and consequences , their treatment and the progress of recovery .
in preparing the [first] proof of evidence of the plaintiff , a detailed history must be taken of the injuries , their symptoms and consequences , their treatment and the progress of recovery .

Initial reports in ser ious cases
[first] reports in ser ious cases

Given the requirement that medical evidence has to be served with the proceedings , and given the long waiting lists that now apply for very senior surgeons , it might be a good idea either to get an initial report from the treating surgeon or to use one of the independent physicians mentioned above .
given the requirement that medical evidence has to be served with the proceedings , and given the long waiting lists that now apply for very senior surgeons , it might be a good idea either to get an [first] report from the treating surgeon or to use one of the independent physicians mentioned above .

Have you made proper use of initial questionnaires and will the interview be properly prepared and structured ?
have you made proper use of [first] questionnaires and will the interview be properly prepared and structured ?

Enclose an initial questionnaire , together with some guidance as to what sort of information you require .
enclose an [first] questionnaire , together with some guidance as to what sort of information you require .

However this can be hazardous since the initial larval challenge may not be sufficient to stimulate immunity and disease may subsequently occur .
however this can be hazardous since the [first] larval challenge may not be sufficient to stimulate immunity and disease may subsequently occur .

When you create a string variable , the memory used is sufficient for the initial value of the string .
when you create a string variable , the memory used is sufficient for the [first] value of the string .

The initial area will then become `` dead `` .
the [first] area will then become `` dead `` .

Initial setting of the Program Counter 3.2.5
[first] setting of the program counter 3.2.5

For example , Irrespective of the initial value of the loop control variable and the specified terminating value , the loop will execute at least once . For example ,
for example , irrespective of the [first] value of the loop control variable and the specified terminating value , the loop will execute at least once . for example ,

If the specified width is zero ( the initial value ) the interpreter will not attempt to control the overall field width .
if the specified width is zero ( the [first] value ) the interpreter will not attempt to control the overall field width .

We noticed in our initial , cursory discussion of integrity in the last chapter that many of our political attitudes , collected in our instinct of group responsibility , assume that we are in some sense the authors of the political decisions made by our governors , or at least that we have reason to think of ourselves that way .
we noticed in our [first] , cursory discussion of integrity in the last chapter that many of our political attitudes , collected in our instinct of group responsibility , assume that we are in some sense the authors of the political decisions made by our governors , or at least that we have reason to think of ourselves that way .

They would carry out an initial assessment , based on an evaluation of your lifestyle , age , level of anxiety and so on .
they would carry out an [first] assessment , based on an evaluation of your lifestyle , age , level of anxiety and so on .

Almost without being aware of it she became part of the team , feeling any initial nervousness slip away as her actions became automatic and her training took over .
almost without being aware of it she became part of the team , feeling any [first] nervousness slip away as her actions became automatic and her training took over .

As passengers overcame an initial shyness the floor had begun to fill with dancing couples , the captain among them .
as passengers overcame an [first] shyness the floor had begun to fill with dancing couples , the captain among them .

After the initial shock of the 1931 election had been overcome , the Labour Party tried to revise its programme and to improve its organization .
after the [first] shock of the 1931 election had been overcome , the labour party tried to revise its programme and to improve its organization .

This chapter is designed to answer a simple question — what do school librarians and teachers , with little or no experience of microcomputers , need to know in order to overcome the initial uncertainties which people have when faced with new technology ?
this chapter is designed to answer a simple question — what do school librarians and teachers , with little or no experience of microcomputers , need to know in order to overcome the [first] uncertainties which people have when faced with new technology ?

Often in the initial stages of database development new keywords can be suggested by the materials being indexed or particular design features may need to be altered once the information can be viewed on screen or in a print-out .
often in the [first] stages of database development new keywords can be suggested by the materials being indexed or particular design features may need to be altered once the information can be viewed on screen or in a print-out .

The initial alarm that had swept over her in the apartment had now settled down into a tight knot of almost sick apprehension , which lay like heavy lead deep in her stomach .
the [first] alarm that had swept over her in the apartment had now settled down into a tight knot of almost sick apprehension , which lay like heavy lead deep in her stomach .

Thanks to the various interruptions , she was finding it difficult to maintain the high temperature of her initial furious reaction to his kiss .
thanks to the various interruptions , she was finding it difficult to maintain the high temperature of her [first] furious reaction to his kiss .

It must have transmitted itself to the patients , for even they gave up after their initial attempts at jollity , and by mid-morning a definite air of gloom seemed to have settled over the place .
it must have transmitted itself to the patients , for even they gave up after their [first] attempts at jollity , and by mid-morning a definite air of gloom seemed to have settled over the place .

He was a restrained and sophisticated lover and , once his initial surge of passion was quieted , his concentration was focused on giving her more pleasure than it was possible to imagine .
he was a restrained and sophisticated lover and , once his [first] surge of passion was quieted , his concentration was focused on giving her more pleasure than it was possible to imagine .

Once again , however , she was surprised to find very little response to what she had feared would be an explosive situation as David remained apparently impassive after the initial courtesy greetings .
once again , however , she was surprised to find very little response to what she had feared would be an explosive situation as david remained apparently impassive after the [first] courtesy greetings .

My initial impressions , from hearing the occasional report ( as above ) was that we made a disastrous start , and went a goal behind … that took us a while to get over , in the meantime Norwich were boosted .
my [first] impressions , from hearing the occasional report ( as above ) was that we made a disastrous start , and went a goal behind … that took us a while to get over , in the meantime norwich were boosted .

The Act did not specify what the rate was to be , but it was made clear that the initial rate of 40 per cent would be increased to 45 per cent and then to 50 per cent ‘ at reasonably short intervals ’ .
the act did not specify what the rate was to be , but it was made clear that the [first] rate of 40 per cent would be increased to 45 per cent and then to 50 per cent ‘ at reasonably short intervals ’ .

Thus ( ignoring a few complications and qualifications ) , if a piece of land was worth £500 in its existing use but was sold for £3,500 with planning permission , the levy was applied to the difference , that is , £3,000 ; the levy , at the initial rate , was £1,200 .
thus ( ignoring a few complications and qualifications ) , if a piece of land was worth £500 in its existing use but was sold for £3,500 with planning permission , the levy was applied to the difference , that is , £3,000 ; the levy , at the [first] rate , was £1,200 .

The children were followed up some four years later at secondary schools so that the possibility could be considered that such differences were attributable to initial differences in their ability and adjustment rather than being caused by the schools ( Rutter et al .
the children were followed up some four years later at secondary schools so that the possibility could be considered that such differences were attributable to [first] differences in their ability and adjustment rather than being caused by the schools ( rutter et al .

My initial reaction was to write back thanking him for his time etc and making a few followup points , but Ive come round to the idea a personal meeting might be nice : - ) )
my [first] reaction was to write back thanking him for his time etc and making a few followup points , but ive come round to the idea a personal meeting might be nice : - ) )

My initial reaction was to write back thanking him for his time etc and making a few followup points , but Ive come round to the idea a personal meeting might be nice : - ) )
my [first] reaction was to write back thanking him for his time etc and making a few followup points , but ive come round to the idea a personal meeting might be nice : - ) )

Hitherto , although the structure of the motion has become increasingly complex , the time scale of the velocity fluctuations has remained of the same order as the period of the initial wave .
hitherto , although the structure of the motion has become increasingly complex , the time scale of the velocity fluctuations has remained of the same order as the period of the [first] wave .

In theoretical work , the turbulence is supposed to be generated at an initial instant and then to decay as time proceeds .
in theoretical work , the turbulence is supposed to be generated at an [first] instant and then to decay as time proceeds .

( In grid turbulence this happens during the initial generation ; in other flows to be considered in Chapter 21 it happens throughout the flow . )
( in grid turbulence this happens during the [first] generation ; in other flows to be considered in chapter 21 it happens throughout the flow . )

In general , the most readily practicable experiments are ones in which an initial density distribution is set up and there is then some evolution of the configuration during the course of the experiment .
in general , the most readily practicable experiments are ones in which an [first] density distribution is set up and there is then some evolution of the configuration during the course of the experiment .

In this range , solutions for some initial conditions tend to one of the steady state solutions whereas those for others exhibit indefinitely the sort of behaviour that is found for all initial conditions when .
in this range , solutions for some [first] conditions tend to one of the steady state solutions whereas those for others exhibit indefinitely the sort of behaviour that is found for all [first] conditions when .

An important aspect of such chaotic behaviour is sensitivity to initial conditions .
an important aspect of such chaotic behaviour is sensitivity to [first] conditions .

This has the implication that , although in principle exact prescription of the initial conditions determines the solution throughout subsequent time , one has no way of actually finding this solution .
this has the implication that , although in principle exact prescription of the [first] conditions determines the solution throughout subsequent time , one has no way of actually finding this solution .

Any procedure of numerical integration will involve approximations that have the same effect as unknown small changes in the initial conditions ( although they are introduced continuously , not just at an initial instant ) .
any procedure of numerical integration will involve approximations that have the same effect as unknown small changes in the [first] conditions ( although they are introduced continuously , not just at an [first] instant ) .

24.2 , to the unknown exact solution is similar to that between two solutions with slightly different initial conditions .
24.2 , to the unknown exact solution is similar to that between two solutions with slightly different [first] conditions .

More generally the concept of sensitivity to initial conditions has important implications for the predictability of systems governed by equations with this property .
more generally the concept of sensitivity to [first] conditions has important implications for the predictability of systems governed by equations with this property .

In any real system there is always some lack of exactitude in one 's knowledge of initial conditions .
in any real system there is always some lack of exactitude in one 's knowledge of [first] conditions .

Sensitivity to initial conditions ( explained in Section 24.2 ) makes this different every time .
sensitivity to [first] conditions ( explained in section 24.2 ) makes this different every time .

At the opposite extreme a numerical approach is adopted from the outset ; numerical analysis is applied to the full Navier-Stokes and continuity equations with appropriate boundary and initial conditions .
at the opposite extreme a numerical approach is adopted from the outset ; numerical analysis is applied to the full navier-stokes and continuity equations with appropriate boundary and [first] conditions .

Mann 's children may provide the initial impetus for her practice , but the conceptual agenda lies beyond them .
mann 's children may provide the [first] impetus for her practice , but the conceptual agenda lies beyond them .

Also thanks for the stuff you sent me , Joo , about the origins of the list and the initial gang of seven that 's turned into the mob of 60 .
also thanks for the stuff you sent me , joo , about the origins of the list and the [first] gang of seven that 's turned into the mob of 60 .

Interest rates are based on the initial sum , not the sum at the end of the period .
interest rates are based on the [first] sum , not the sum at the end of the period .

The initial increase in balances with the Bank of England of £10 billion has allowed banks to create new advances ( and hence deposits ) of £90 billion , making a total increase in money supply of £100 billion .
the [first] increase in balances with the bank of england of £10 billion has allowed banks to create new advances ( and hence deposits ) of £90 billion , making a total increase in money supply of £100 billion .

An initial increase in deposits of £10 billion allowed total deposits to rise by £100 billion .
an [first] increase in deposits of £10 billion allowed total deposits to rise by £100 billion .

The initial effect , therefore , is to reduce the money in the economy : it is being ‘ retired ’ in the Bank of England .
the [first] effect , therefore , is to reduce the money in the economy : it is being ‘ retired ’ in the bank of england .

The initial increase in liquidity from the sale of government securities to the banking sector is given by item 1 .
the [first] increase in liquidity from the sale of government securities to the banking sector is given by item 1 .

The initial effect on exporters depends on how exports are priced .
the [first] effect on exporters depends on how exports are priced .

Trace through the effects of a squeeze on the monetary base from an initial reduction in cash to banks ' liquidity being restored by the rediscounting of bills . Will this restoration of liquidity by the Bank of England totally nullify the initial effect of reducing the supply of cash ? ( Clue : what is likely to happen to the rate of interest ? )
trace through the effects of a squeeze on the monetary base from an [first] reduction in cash to banks ' liquidity being restored by the rediscounting of bills . will this restoration of liquidity by the bank of england totally nullify the [first] effect of reducing the supply of cash ? ( clue : what is likely to happen to the rate of interest ? )

Assume an initial increase in money supply .
assume an [first] increase in money supply .

Although there is much to be said in favour of the notion of evolution by discrete jumps in plants , particularly through allopolyploidy involving small numbers of individuals , current orthodoxy holds that the greater part of speciation events occurs through the isolation of fragments of an initial population , the change of these fragments in response to the conditions in their isolation and , with the breakdown of isolation , the co-existence of the newly speciated populations in one locality .
although there is much to be said in favour of the notion of evolution by discrete jumps in plants , particularly through allopolyploidy involving small numbers of individuals , current orthodoxy holds that the greater part of speciation events occurs through the isolation of fragments of an [first] population , the change of these fragments in response to the conditions in their isolation and , with the breakdown of isolation , the co-existence of the newly speciated populations in one locality .

The sites were reexamined ( Figure 9.3 ) 3 years after the initial disturbance , and recovery measured in terms of vegetation composition , biomass , nutrient accumulation , soil characteristics and nutrient leaching .
the sites were reexamined ( figure 9.3 ) 3 years after the [first] disturbance , and recovery measured in terms of vegetation composition , biomass , nutrient accumulation , soil characteristics and nutrient leaching .

Richard Taruskin has suggested that some initial American resistance to the a cappella theory of chanson performance in the Middle Ages was inevitable because American ensembles of the 1970s possessed very few singers who could be imagined giving a satisfactory demonstration of such a performing technique .
richard taruskin has suggested that some [first] american resistance to the a cappella theory of chanson performance in the middle ages was inevitable because american ensembles of the 1970s possessed very few singers who could be imagined giving a satisfactory demonstration of such a performing technique .

But a combination of embarrassment , shock , and some other nameless disturbing emotion caused her initial protest to come out as a soundless squeak .
but a combination of embarrassment , shock , and some other nameless disturbing emotion caused her [first] protest to come out as a soundless squeak .

‘ Oh , God … ! ’ Damian said unsteadily , and bent his head to kiss her mouth with slow , sensual desire , and that was how they made love , their bodies moving as slowly but surely towards that ecstasy as that initial kiss did , until Rachel , this time , was breathless and incoherent , delirious with pleasure as she reached climax through his strokes and expertise and unbelievably exciting lovemaking .
‘ oh , god … ! ’ damian said unsteadily , and bent his head to kiss her mouth with slow , sensual desire , and that was how they made love , their bodies moving as slowly but surely towards that ecstasy as that [first] kiss did , until rachel , this time , was breathless and incoherent , delirious with pleasure as she reached climax through his strokes and expertise and unbelievably exciting lovemaking .

Bearing in mind that she would be eating a main meal that evening , Fabia ordered an omelette and salad , and soon discovered that once Lubor had settled down from his initial opportunistic manner he was quite a pleasant lunchtime companion .
bearing in mind that she would be eating a main meal that evening , fabia ordered an omelette and salad , and soon discovered that once lubor had settled down from his [first] opportunistic manner he was quite a pleasant lunchtime companion .

Her initial action on reaching her room , however , was to sit down by the telephone and to try and concentrate her attention on what she should do now .
her [first] action on reaching her room , however , was to sit down by the telephone and to try and concentrate her attention on what she should do now .

Shock flooded her as she stared at the tall , dark-haired , dark-eyed man , who seemed in those initial moments not to be believing his eyes either .
shock flooded her as she stared at the tall , dark-haired , dark-eyed man , who seemed in those [first] moments not to be believing his eyes either .

Though , to start with , her initial feeling was one of total shock as she pulled back her door and saw Naylor Massingham standing there .
though , to start with , her [first] feeling was one of total shock as she pulled back her door and saw naylor massingham standing there .

‘ What brought that on ? ’ Steve asked after the initial shock of Ruth 's request had been absorbed .
‘ what brought that on ? ’ steve asked after the [first] shock of ruth 's request had been absorbed .

She knew that , after an initial period of gaining experience with a leading European firm , he had set up on his own .
she knew that , after an [first] period of gaining experience with a leading european firm , he had set up on his own .

They are compressional waves , the energy being transmitted by an initial compression of particles which is then passed on to adjacent particles .
they are compressional waves , the energy being transmitted by an [first] compression of particles which is then passed on to adjacent particles .

Further work began to suggest that palaeomagnetic data supported the model of continental drift proposed by Wegener although there were initial uncertainties over the accuracy of the technique .
further work began to suggest that palaeomagnetic data supported the model of continental drift proposed by wegener although there were [first] uncertainties over the accuracy of the technique .

The initial impact occurs between the outer-arc ridge of the overriding continental margin and promontories on the leading edge of the continent entering the subduction zone .
the [first] impact occurs between the outer-arc ridge of the overriding continental margin and promontories on the leading edge of the continent entering the subduction zone .

Mountain ranges formed at the points of initial continental collision provide the sediment which accumulates in adjacent remnant-ocean basins ( Fig .
mountain ranges formed at the points of [first] continental collision provide the sediment which accumulates in adjacent remnant-ocean basins ( fig .

Large-scale crustal shortening is often present in intercontinental collision orogens and this may be accommodated by folding ( Figs 3.17 , 3.18 ) , or by the limited subduction of continental crust during the initial phase of collision following the previous episode of steady-state subduction .
large-scale crustal shortening is often present in intercontinental collision orogens and this may be accommodated by folding ( figs 3.17 , 3.18 ) , or by the limited subduction of continental crust during the [first] phase of collision following the previous episode of steady-state subduction .

Although the rate of movement between India and Eurasia fell markedly after their initial collision some 50 Ma ago , convergence of the two land masses since then may have amounted to as much as 2500 km .
although the rate of movement between india and eurasia fell markedly after their [first] collision some 50 ma ago , convergence of the two land masses since then may have amounted to as much as 2500 km .

Both normal and reverse faulting can create a fault scarp , the initial angle of which will reflect the dip of the fault plane .
both normal and reverse faulting can create a fault scarp , the [first] angle of which will reflect the dip of the fault plane .

The initial depression will be the first to accumulate sediment and this will lead to a positive feedback cycle of further subsidence and sediment accumulation extending outwards from the initial focus of subsidence .
the [first] depression will be the first to accumulate sediment and this will lead to a positive feedback cycle of further subsidence and sediment accumulation extending outwards from the [first] focus of subsidence .

Nevertheless , flexural isostasy provides a possible uplift mechanism for passive margins during their mature stage of development when the effects of the initial thermal uplift have diminished .
nevertheless , flexural isostasy provides a possible uplift mechanism for passive margins during their mature stage of development when the effects of the [first] thermal uplift have diminished .

The initial form of a volcano is very closely related to the nature of the eruptive activity that produces it .
the [first] form of a volcano is very closely related to the nature of the eruptive activity that produces it .

The rate of this modification will be a function of the resistance to weathering and erosion of the volcanic materials laid down , the initial relief created by the volcano and the prevailing climatic environment .
the rate of this modification will be a function of the resistance to weathering and erosion of the volcanic materials laid down , the [first] relief created by the volcano and the prevailing climatic environment .

Since highly fluid flows have an initial slope of only around 1° they form monotonously flat constructional landscapes .
since highly fluid flows have an [first] slope of only around 1° they form monotonously flat constructional landscapes .

We might ask desk officers to make an initial selection of important records as they come off the live system .
we might ask desk officers to make an [first] selection of important records as they come off the live system .

Practically the two extremes may be reconciled through more initial effort in training to ensure user understanding of the range of information sources , combined with more indepth support from ‘ database or information surfers ’ ( navigators ) , targeting particular subject groups to optimise their exploitation of this increasingly complex information environment .
practically the two extremes may be reconciled through more [first] effort in training to ensure user understanding of the range of information sources , combined with more indepth support from ‘ database or information surfers ’ ( navigators ) , targeting particular subject groups to optimise their exploitation of this increasingly complex information environment .

The changes brought about by electronically based information technology are so fundamental that , for the historian at least , they must be equated with the invention and spread of printing or perhaps even the initial development of the written record .
the changes brought about by electronically based information technology are so fundamental that , for the historian at least , they must be equated with the invention and spread of printing or perhaps even the [first] development of the written record .

But the increasing size and cost of such undertakings as railways , metallurgical and other expensive activities requiring heavy initial outlays , made this more difficult , especially in countries newly entering upon industrialisation and lacking large accumulations of private investment capital .
but the increasing size and cost of such undertakings as railways , metallurgical and other expensive activities requiring heavy [first] outlays , made this more difficult , especially in countries newly entering upon industrialisation and lacking large accumulations of private investment capital .

According to the labour supply function , changes in the employment of labour which flow from prior changes in aggregate demand will not call forth changes in money wages when the initial state is one of less than full employment .
according to the labour supply function , changes in the employment of labour which flow from prior changes in aggregate demand will not call forth changes in money wages when the [first] state is one of less than full employment .

The money wage rate is measured along the vertical axis , being the market clearing wage ; and are two arbitrarily given initial wage rates .
the money wage rate is measured along the vertical axis , being the market clearing wage ; and are two arbitrarily given [first] wage rates .

The question which Lipsey then posed was : if there is initial disequilibrium in the ith labour market , at what rate will money wages change ?
the question which lipsey then posed was : if there is [first] disequilibrium in the ith labour market , at what rate will money wages change ?

The answer which he proffered was equally simple : if the labour market is competitive , wages will change at a rate determined by both the sign and the extent of the initial disequilibrium .
the answer which he proffered was equally simple : if the labour market is competitive , wages will change at a rate determined by both the sign and the extent of the [first] disequilibrium .

For example , in Figure 6.2 , two initial disequilibrium states are depicted .
for example , in figure 6.2 , two [first] disequilibrium states are depicted .

The sign of the disequilibrium states is the same in both cases ( positive , indicating the presence of excess demand ) but they differ in the extent of the initial disequilibrium .
the sign of the disequilibrium states is the same in both cases ( positive , indicating the presence of excess demand ) but they differ in the extent of the [first] disequilibrium .

At an initial wage , the extent of the disequilibrium , measured by the ratio , is greater than at an initial wage .
at an [first] wage , the extent of the disequilibrium , measured by the ratio , is greater than at an [first] wage .

On the other hand , if the initial state is one of excess supply money-wages will fall at a rate .
on the other hand , if the [first] state is one of excess supply money-wages will fall at a rate .

What the ‘ Phillips curve as adjustment mechanism ’ approach suggests is that there are competitive forces at work serving to eliminate initial excess demand , positive or negative , in the labour market .
what the ‘ phillips curve as adjustment mechanism ’ approach suggests is that there are competitive forces at work serving to eliminate [first] excess demand , positive or negative , in the labour market .

Phillips 's original exercise had many features which were attractive to applied econometricians : the initial empirical work had been rather haphazard , leaving many important hypotheses untested ; the estimation techniques were simple ; it was a reduced form equation , a collapsed version of a larger structural model , leading to the possibility of biases ; in addition to the omission of many potentially significant explanatory variables , much refinement needed to be performed on the time series data .
phillips 's original exercise had many features which were attractive to applied econometricians : the [first] empirical work had been rather haphazard , leaving many important hypotheses untested ; the estimation techniques were simple ; it was a reduced form equation , a collapsed version of a larger structural model , leading to the possibility of biases ; in addition to the omission of many potentially significant explanatory variables , much refinement needed to be performed on the time series data .

In its initial stages , this shift of policy priorities will appear to be vindicated by events : unemployment will be lower and inflation higher than before .
in its [first] stages , this shift of policy priorities will appear to be vindicated by events : unemployment will be lower and inflation higher than before .

When the realization of this news had permeated through to the remotest island , the initial market euphoria subsides , as does the level of output .
when the realization of this news had permeated through to the remotest island , the [first] market euphoria subsides , as does the level of output .

The mid-1960s saw the development of models of temporary equilibrium , which took as their starting-point the assumption that the initial values of relative and absolute prices were arbitrarily given in the short run .
the mid-1960s saw the development of models of temporary equilibrium , which took as their starting-point the assumption that the [first] values of relative and absolute prices were arbitrarily given in the short run .

In what circumstances will an initial state of general unemployment require the real wage to fall for employment to increase , and in what circumstances will the real wage rate have to rise for employment to increase ?
in what circumstances will an [first] state of general unemployment require the real wage to fall for employment to increase , and in what circumstances will the real wage rate have to rise for employment to increase ?

General unemployment occurs when the initial real wage rate , w 1 exceeds the market clearing real wage rate , w * ; .
general unemployment occurs when the [first] real wage rate , w 1 exceeds the market clearing real wage rate , w * ; .

The initial stock of real balances fixes the function to the left of the notional demand for labour function .
the [first] stock of real balances fixes the function to the left of the notional demand for labour function .

1.30 In a serious personal injury case or in a fatal case the initial calculations of loss of earnings or dependency may be made very soon after the accident , based on wage rates provided by the employers at that time .
1.30 in a serious personal injury case or in a fatal case the [first] calculations of loss of earnings or dependency may be made very soon after the accident , based on wage rates provided by the employers at that time .

Inevitably occasions will also arise when an initial valuation proves over-optimistic , for example where a plaintiff makes an unexpectedly good recovery .
inevitably occasions will also arise when an [first] valuation proves over-optimistic , for example where a plaintiff makes an unexpectedly good recovery .

Initial steps in High Court actions
[first] steps in high court actions

Initial steps in county court actions
[first] steps in county court actions

However , despite the initial expressions of fear that this practice could cause problems , it does not in fact seem to have become widespread .
however , despite the [first] expressions of fear that this practice could cause problems , it does not in fact seem to have become widespread .

The initial public reaction within the profession to this facility has , perhaps not surprisingly , been muted , though commercial and financial pressure for incorporation of at any rate the largest firms may ultimately become unstoppable .
the [first] public reaction within the profession to this facility has , perhaps not surprisingly , been muted , though commercial and financial pressure for incorporation of at any rate the largest firms may ultimately become unstoppable .

4 Initial Decisions
4 [first] decisions

( a ) Capital The initial financing of the firm will be contributed in cash or kind by the partners and reinforced by bank borrowing .
( a ) capital the [first] financing of the firm will be contributed in cash or kind by the partners and reinforced by bank borrowing .

The problem for the draftsman of a partnership agreement who specifies the initial ratio and provides that in future years it shall be as agreed between the partners at the beginning or end of each year is that the equal sharing required under the Partnership Act in default of agreement will always benefit at least one of the partners .
the problem for the draftsman of a partnership agreement who specifies the [first] ratio and provides that in future years it shall be as agreed between the partners at the beginning or end of each year is that the equal sharing required under the partnership act in default of agreement will always benefit at least one of the partners .

Moreover , that agreement should be kept under constant scrutiny during the initial period after the merger and amended as necessary to take account of the adjustments which will almost certainly be required as a result of the new firm 's experiences .
moreover , that agreement should be kept under constant scrutiny during the [first] period after the merger and amended as necessary to take account of the adjustments which will almost certainly be required as a result of the new firm 's experiences .

Such changes enabled junior partners to be taken on without initial capital contributions and to buy their way in effectively through restrictions on their drawings .
such changes enabled junior partners to be taken on without [first] capital contributions and to buy their way in effectively through restrictions on their drawings .

1 The initial rent and rent free periods
1 the [first] rent and rent free periods

The fixing of the initial rent is obviously beyond the province of the draftsman .
the fixing of the [first] rent is obviously beyond the province of the draftsman .

This is a convenient practice as it avoids the need , for example , for speculation as to how the injured person 's condition will develop from the time of the initial injury or for speculation as to what his financial loss up to the date of trial at least will be .
this is a convenient practice as it avoids the need , for example , for speculation as to how the injured person 's condition will develop from the time of the [first] injury or for speculation as to what his financial loss up to the date of trial at least will be .

… it can sometimes be overlooked that reasonable damages should always be assessed in respect of that initial period of shock and suffering .
… it can sometimes be overlooked that reasonable damages should always be assessed in respect of that [first] period of shock and suffering .

Initial Responsibilities
[first] responsibilities

Newco is certainly not in a position to confer any benefit on management , but rather the managers create their own opportunity by forming Newco and subscribing the initial shares in it .
newco is certainly not in a position to confer any benefit on management , but rather the managers create their own opportunity by forming newco and subscribing the [first] shares in it .

When they subscribe further shares ( the reason for the managers ' subscription being in two tranches is explained in 4.3.2 ) their right to do so derives from their holding of the initial shares rather than from their employment or directorship of Target or Newco .
when they subscribe further shares ( the reason for the managers ' subscription being in two tranches is explained in 4.3.2 ) their right to do so derives from their holding of the [first] shares rather than from their employment or directorship of target or newco .

In such a situation the agreement should allow for the introduction of new investors with a view to ensuring that the warranties and undertakings given , and restrictions imposed , for the benefit of the initial investor apply also for the benefit of the new investors .
in such a situation the agreement should allow for the introduction of new investors with a view to ensuring that the warranties and undertakings given , and restrictions imposed , for the benefit of the [first] investor apply also for the benefit of the new investors .

The purpose of the initial meeting is for the lawyer to : ( a ) understand why the business is being bought and sold ; ( b ) understand what is being sold ; ( c ) identify who is involved ; and ( d ) discuss the structure for the sale , namely whether the purchaser should buy assets or shares .
the purpose of the [first] meeting is for the lawyer to : ( a ) understand why the business is being bought and sold ; ( b ) understand what is being sold ; ( c ) identify who is involved ; and ( d ) discuss the structure for the sale , namely whether the purchaser should buy assets or shares .

Ideally the purchaser would wish to have the vendor negotiate actively with the purchaser on an exclusive basis during an initial period .
ideally the purchaser would wish to have the vendor negotiate actively with the purchaser on an exclusive basis during an [first] period .

The existence of the charge will normally have been revealed to the purchaser either by the results of its initial company search against the vendor or through the disclosure exercise .
the existence of the charge will normally have been revealed to the purchaser either by the results of its [first] company search against the vendor or through the disclosure exercise .

At this initial stage , the purchaser should discuss carefully with its advisers the scope , aims and objectives of the investigation .
at this [first] stage , the purchaser should discuss carefully with its advisers the scope , aims and objectives of the investigation .

The purchaser is usually only justified in reducing the price if the due diligence exercise has revealed material inaccuracies in the assumptions used in calculating the initial offer price .
the purchaser is usually only justified in reducing the price if the due diligence exercise has revealed material inaccuracies in the assumptions used in calculating the [first] offer price .

Frederic Hauge , of the Norwegian environmental foundation Bellona , has made an initial assesment of the extent of nuclear waste dumping in the Barents and Kara seas off the coast of Russia and Norway .
frederic hauge , of the norwegian environmental foundation bellona , has made an [first] assesment of the extent of nuclear waste dumping in the barents and kara seas off the coast of russia and norway .

Its initial impression , according to one of its members , Scott Fowler , was that there has been a further improvement . ``
its [first] impression , according to one of its members , scott fowler , was that there has been a further improvement . ``

In June the company admitted that initial results from boreholes drilled in the area showed that its knowledge of conditions was `` not sufficiently firm `` .
in june the company admitted that [first] results from boreholes drilled in the area showed that its knowledge of conditions was `` not sufficiently firm `` .

Congress duly approved funding of $ 200 million , but subsequently objected to the Defense Department 's initial proposals for projects which could be supported by it .
congress duly approved funding of $ 200 million , but subsequently objected to the defense department 's [first] proposals for projects which could be supported by it .

The initial investment costs are covered by Energy Holdings , a subsidiary of the Jardine Matheson financial group .
the [first] investment costs are covered by energy holdings , a subsidiary of the jardine matheson financial group .

The Soviet Union was one of the convention 's initial signatories .
the soviet union was one of the convention 's [first] signatories .

Initial estimates that it would take at least two years to kill all the fires proved pessimistic as the teams rapidly gained experience in the task .
[first] estimates that it would take at least two years to kill all the fires proved pessimistic as the teams rapidly gained experience in the task .

The company had admitted in June that initial results from boreholes drilled in the area showed that it did not have sufficient knowledge of conditions to guarantee safety of the repository .
the company had admitted in june that [first] results from boreholes drilled in the area showed that it did not have sufficient knowledge of conditions to guarantee safety of the repository .

The initial prosecution was brought by Greenpeace , and was the first successful private prosecution of a company under the 1989 Water Act .
the [first] prosecution was brought by greenpeace , and was the first successful private prosecution of a company under the 1989 water act .

The deal , for an initial 2,000 million kWh to be supplied to the German grid , was welcomed by the Green Party as `` a step towards abandoning nuclear energy `` , although PreussenElektra denied that this was the intention .
the deal , for an [first] 2,000 million kwh to be supplied to the german grid , was welcomed by the green party as `` a step towards abandoning nuclear energy `` , although preussenelektra denied that this was the intention .

The new agency will be funded by the Scottish Office and given an initial budget of £20 million .
the new agency will be funded by the scottish office and given an [first] budget of £20 million .

Its initial aim is the establishment of a national park , three times the size of Belgium , in the Upper Solimnoes River region of western Amazonia .
its [first] aim is the establishment of a national park , three times the size of belgium , in the upper solimnoes river region of western amazonia .

The initial target is £3 million .
the [first] target is £3 million .

It appeared exactly the same — its walls hung with innumerable paintings , prints and photographs , their frames dull with years , their glass wavy and opaque so that the subjects had lost whatever initial impact they had and were now just pictures collecting dust .
it appeared exactly the same — its walls hung with innumerable paintings , prints and photographs , their frames dull with years , their glass wavy and opaque so that the subjects had lost whatever [first] impact they had and were now just pictures collecting dust .

Mrs. Mott went out of her way to be courteous to Sara as though sorry for the initial error she had made .
mrs. mott went out of her way to be courteous to sara as though sorry for the [first] error she had made .

Sara could only suppose that her initial suspicion had been stilled , and that she accepted her , Sara , as part of the permanent scenery around the place .
sara could only suppose that her [first] suspicion had been stilled , and that she accepted her , sara , as part of the permanent scenery around the place .

The initial resemblance of the ancestral stick insect to a stick must have been very remote .
the [first] resemblance of the ancestral stick insect to a stick must have been very remote .

For example , when the Lucas workers were asked if there were ways in which it would be possible to protect workers on the North Sea oil pipelines from the hazards experienced there , they were conscious that their initial reaction was typical of the existing forms of science and technology : they thought of designing a robotic device which would eliminate the human being altogether .
for example , when the lucas workers were asked if there were ways in which it would be possible to protect workers on the north sea oil pipelines from the hazards experienced there , they were conscious that their [first] reaction was typical of the existing forms of science and technology : they thought of designing a robotic device which would eliminate the human being altogether .

Our sample appears to confirm that collective bargaining practice has followed the initial approach of union policy in giving little weight to the less quantifiable changes in working conditions from application of new technology and systems , especially in job design and its effects on the quality of working life .
our sample appears to confirm that collective bargaining practice has followed the [first] approach of union policy in giving little weight to the less quantifiable changes in working conditions from application of new technology and systems , especially in job design and its effects on the quality of working life .

From my observations of the initial stages of the current process of change , the major factors appear to be as follows : Resistance to change by those committed to the status quo .
from my observations of the [first] stages of the current process of change , the major factors appear to be as follows : resistance to change by those committed to the status quo .

Initial requirements , specifications and user-system interfaces are best composed in terms of English-like languages .
[first] requirements , specifications and user-system interfaces are best composed in terms of english-like languages .

But the initial impression of that first-night audience in June 1945 , a month after the end of the war in Europe , seems to have been that the music was above all something new , a fresh beginning , or , for those who disliked it ( a fair number ) , a regrettable break with the English tradition .
but the [first] impression of that first-night audience in june 1945 , a month after the end of the war in europe , seems to have been that the music was above all something new , a fresh beginning , or , for those who disliked it ( a fair number ) , a regrettable break with the english tradition .

De Man 's progress towards the aporia of hidden and manifest content in Proust is nothing more than the elaboration of his initial imperfect translation .
de man 's progress towards the aporia of hidden and manifest content in proust is nothing more than the elaboration of his [first] imperfect translation .

As was pointed out above , the partitive expression `` one of the ministers ' is tied to the initial reference in ( i ) .
as was pointed out above , the partitive expression `` one of the ministers ' is tied to the [first] reference in ( i ) .

While the organisers tried to keep track of all those who attended the conference , many people came and went after the initial registration period .
while the organisers tried to keep track of all those who attended the conference , many people came and went after the [first] registration period .

The inevitable clear soup followed ( pot au feu this time ) ; the sole was served in a delicate sauce almost imperceptibly flavoured with cheese , and the dean 's daughter appreciated it so much that the Colonel 's initial peevishness began to wear off .
the inevitable clear soup followed ( pot au feu this time ) ; the sole was served in a delicate sauce almost imperceptibly flavoured with cheese , and the dean 's daughter appreciated it so much that the colonel 's [first] peevishness began to wear off .

They have been so successful that from an initial yearly production of about 250 tons during the middle forties these rice fields now yield 145,000 tons a year and supply France with the whole of her rice requirements .
they have been so successful that from an [first] yearly production of about 250 tons during the middle forties these rice fields now yield 145,000 tons a year and supply france with the whole of her rice requirements .

The researchers offer several possible explanations for toads making the occasional move : conditions in the initial pond may deteriorate ; a male may be carried to a new pond by a female with whom he has paired before reaching the water ; or perhaps a toad encounters a new pond on the way to its old one .
the researchers offer several possible explanations for toads making the occasional move : conditions in the [first] pond may deteriorate ; a male may be carried to a new pond by a female with whom he has paired before reaching the water ; or perhaps a toad encounters a new pond on the way to its old one .

The distinguished Scots ecologist Adam Watson believes that the native pinewoods can not even survive without a great initial reduction in deer numbers followed by a regular programme of culling .
the distinguished scots ecologist adam watson believes that the native pinewoods can not even survive without a great [first] reduction in deer numbers followed by a regular programme of culling .

After a while his initial panic died down and he settled down into a steadier gallop , still with his head turned to the outside .
after a while his [first] panic died down and he settled down into a steadier gallop , still with his head turned to the outside .

But the initial rich plunder became a lean living as the animals were overexploited .
but the [first] rich plunder became a lean living as the animals were overexploited .

The initial disobedience to the Creator has left human nature with a permanent , in-born bias to evil .
the [first] disobedience to the creator has left human nature with a permanent , in-born bias to evil .

After some initial success , however , the Young King 's campaign ground to a halt and Henry decided that he would have to take a hand himself .
after some [first] success , however , the young king 's campaign ground to a halt and henry decided that he would have to take a hand himself .

The initial emphasis was on speakers and their ability to encode messages sufficiently clearly to enable listeners to identify the target object .
the [first] emphasis was on speakers and their ability to encode messages sufficiently clearly to enable listeners to identify the target object .

Their standard reaction was to repeat the initial description without modification .
their standard reaction was to repeat the [first] description without modification .

According to the experimental tradition , communication ability is a compound of fairly independent skills : speaking and listening , skill in composing the initial message and in asking questions .
according to the experimental tradition , communication ability is a compound of fairly independent skills : speaking and listening , skill in composing the [first] message and in asking questions .

Yet the initial approach adopted here is historical .
yet the [first] approach adopted here is historical .

The initial appearances of the 68-year-old President were somewhat mechanical , with a staccato delivery .
the [first] appearances of the 68-year-old president were somewhat mechanical , with a staccato delivery .

After that initial investment , no one gave me and my sister anything .
after that [first] investment , no one gave me and my sister anything .

The initial shock is followed by grief .
the [first] shock is followed by grief .

Instead the formal rules regulating the effects of treaties on third States have a unity and simplicity which do not rely upon an initial classification of treaties .
instead the formal rules regulating the effects of treaties on third states have a unity and simplicity which do not rely upon an [first] classification of treaties .

The best approach to this difficult joint is to make an initial shallow cut in the end of the arm and feed it up in the correct position to the back .
the best approach to this difficult joint is to make an [first] shallow cut in the end of the arm and feed it up in the correct position to the back .

At this or any stage it may be that one or both of them finds that initial attraction is not supported by later experience .
at this or any stage it may be that one or both of them finds that [first] attraction is not supported by later experience .

But it can be said that enjoyment of pornography , at any level , only becomes deviant when it replaces normal sexual activity or when the latter becomes totally dependent upon pornography for initial excitation/maintenance of stimulus .
but it can be said that enjoyment of pornography , at any level , only becomes deviant when it replaces normal sexual activity or when the latter becomes totally dependent upon pornography for [first] excitation/maintenance of stimulus .

Almost irrespective of the form of the initial contract , separation and divorce are fairly easy and much less subject to opprobrium than they were a generation ago .
almost irrespective of the form of the [first] contract , separation and divorce are fairly easy and much less subject to opprobrium than they were a generation ago .

From an initial `` rate `` of sexual intercourse about five times a week , this had reduced to twice .
from an [first] `` rate `` of sexual intercourse about five times a week , this had reduced to twice .

Businessmen , who had generally welcomed the initial actions of the administration , now called for a halt .
businessmen , who had generally welcomed the [first] actions of the administration , now called for a halt .

For our initial column co , we again choose the column c9 from Table 2.7.1.1 , in the iteration to find 1 etc .
for our [first] column co , we again choose the column c9 from table 2.7.1.1 , in the iteration to find 1 etc .

The word click is onomatopoeic in itself , and the neat , abrupt quality of the sound it signifies is echoed in the final /t/ consonance of discreet and shut , and by the initial /d/ alliteration of discreet and door .
the word click is onomatopoeic in itself , and the neat , abrupt quality of the sound it signifies is echoed in the final /t/ consonance of discreet and shut , and by the [first] /d/ alliteration of discreet and door .

The significant point is that an initial capital is a form of emphasis or highlighting in writing , and therefore can be used as a visual correlative of emphasis in speech ( see further 5.4.2 ) .
the significant point is that an [first] capital is a form of emphasis or highlighting in writing , and therefore can be used as a visual correlative of emphasis in speech ( see further 5.4.2 ) .

Recently , experimental work has investigated the use of the programmed technique in what is now called computer-assisted learning , where the programmes are fed into the computer ; the machine can then , if the initial preparation has been thorough enough , monitor the responses of a great many students at a time , switching them to the appropriate branching sequence as their responses demonstrate the need .
recently , experimental work has investigated the use of the programmed technique in what is now called computer-assisted learning , where the programmes are fed into the computer ; the machine can then , if the [first] preparation has been thorough enough , monitor the responses of a great many students at a time , switching them to the appropriate branching sequence as their responses demonstrate the need .

Such developments , to make economic sense , require student numbers running into tens of thousands , and a corresponding subtlety of initial preparation .
such developments , to make economic sense , require student numbers running into tens of thousands , and a corresponding subtlety of [first] preparation .

However it is also fair to say that the professional leaders sometimes expected too much from the change ; it is no slur on an honourable movement within the American profession that its initial success did not immediately bring the golden age .
however it is also fair to say that the professional leaders sometimes expected too much from the change ; it is no slur on an honourable movement within the american profession that its [first] success did not immediately bring the golden age .

Whether computerized or on punched-cards or any other system , an index is only as good as its initial design and its indexers .
whether computerized or on punched-cards or any other system , an index is only as good as its [first] design and its indexers .

The initial proposal cited evidence in research literature to support its contention :
the [first] proposal cited evidence in research literature to support its contention :

We must begin with the initial decision.making within educational institutions themselves , and with the choice of what learning sequence or task will be presented to the students and for what reasons and with what expectations .
we must begin with the [first] decision.making within educational institutions themselves , and with the choice of what learning sequence or task will be presented to the students and for what reasons and with what expectations .

But the teacher can not sit in splendid and comfortable isolation in staff room or on classroom dais while his pupils are busily engrossed in resource-based exercises ; he is involved at every point in the process , from the preliminary planning and assembly of available materials , the creation of additional resources and linking items , the initial presentation and motivation sessions , the follow-up work as the pupils proceed , and the eventual summing up and validation at the end .
but the teacher can not sit in splendid and comfortable isolation in staff room or on classroom dais while his pupils are busily engrossed in resource-based exercises ; he is involved at every point in the process , from the preliminary planning and assembly of available materials , the creation of additional resources and linking items , the [first] presentation and motivation sessions , the follow-up work as the pupils proceed , and the eventual summing up and validation at the end .

With rt-PA there is no risk when giving a second dose within 6 months of the initial myocardial infarction because antibody formation does not occur .
with rt-pa there is no risk when giving a second dose within 6 months of the [first] myocardial infarction because antibody formation does not occur .

4 Long-Term follow-up : The initial effect of the heart attack is extremely effective in altering life-style in encouraging the patient to give up smoking and to change his eating habits and work patterns .
4 long-term follow-up : the [first] effect of the heart attack is extremely effective in altering life-style in encouraging the patient to give up smoking and to change his eating habits and work patterns .

In the initial `` crisis mode `` little else will receive his attention As soon as the situation is under control , however , he will return to the normal routine and his people will follow .
in the [first] `` crisis mode `` little else will receive his attention as soon as the situation is under control , however , he will return to the normal routine and his people will follow .

The community is looking at possibly following up on this initial media enterprise by becoming involved in the sponsorship of drama and the visual arts .
the community is looking at possibly following up on this [first] media enterprise by becoming involved in the sponsorship of drama and the visual arts .

Allows you to purchase one of three items — Seats ( initial ground capacity of 10,000 can be increased up to 40,000 ) , Security Cameras ( to avoid costly crowd violence ) , or a Coach And Youth Team ( allows players to join your squad from the youth team , also helps with training ) .
allows you to purchase one of three items — seats ( [first] ground capacity of 10,000 can be increased up to 40,000 ) , security cameras ( to avoid costly crowd violence ) , or a coach and youth team ( allows players to join your squad from the youth team , also helps with training ) .

There is a small amount of initial interest . 56%
there is a small amount of [first] interest . 56%

If we drop Gower , Lewis , Pringle , Ramprakash and Stewart , we could have a complete side made up of people with the middle initial .
if we drop gower , lewis , pringle , ramprakash and stewart , we could have a complete side made up of people with the middle [first] .

After the hard fighting of the initial campaign Rome could have felt satisfied with the rapid conquest and prepared to stabilize and consolidate her new addition to the Empire .
after the hard fighting of the [first] campaign rome could have felt satisfied with the rapid conquest and prepared to stabilize and consolidate her new addition to the empire .

In the initial notice of the site it is described as ‘ a large platform of stones of four courses … of quite Cyclopean character ’ and also mentioned are ‘ traces of buildings … at a distance of 200 yards higher up in the wood ’ .
in the [first] notice of the site it is described as ‘ a large platform of stones of four courses … of quite cyclopean character ’ and also mentioned are ‘ traces of buildings … at a distance of 200 yards higher up in the wood ’ .

In terms of the law of tort , the risk theory contemplates either a strict liability scheme of compensation , in which the government would bear the initial burden of compensation , or a no-fault scheme in which the individual is insured against loss by some form of insurance ( perhaps tax-based ) .
in terms of the law of tort , the risk theory contemplates either a strict liability scheme of compensation , in which the government would bear the [first] burden of compensation , or a no-fault scheme in which the individual is insured against loss by some form of insurance ( perhaps tax-based ) .

The initial aim of the network was to provide information about women working in grassroots organisations , health care and politics .
the [first] aim of the network was to provide information about women working in grassroots organisations , health care and politics .

This initial stage was taken one step further in 1987 when the Association of Health for the People began working in the community and provided an analysis of the main problems that needed to be addressed , and suggested some solutions — all of which depended upon good communication between the local inhabitants .
this [first] stage was taken one step further in 1987 when the association of health for the people began working in the community and provided an analysis of the main problems that needed to be addressed , and suggested some solutions — all of which depended upon good communication between the local inhabitants .

The Deputy Director of the newspaper , Mikhail Troschin , thinks the initial print run will be between five and ten million copies .
the deputy director of the newspaper , mikhail troschin , thinks the [first] print run will be between five and ten million copies .

Given the initial insistence upon the autonomy of the individual , each exercise of state power which places limits upon freedom of action requires a justification .
given the [first] insistence upon the autonomy of the individual , each exercise of state power which places limits upon freedom of action requires a justification .

In the event that you or others named on your booking form suffer death , bodily injury or illness arising from an activity which does not form part of the services we have agreed to supply to your , then we shall through our Representatives or Agents offer you every reasonable assistance , including advice and guidance and may , depending upon particular circumstances and at our complete discretion , offer initial financial assistance up to a maximum of £5,000 per booking form .
in the event that you or others named on your booking form suffer death , bodily injury or illness arising from an activity which does not form part of the services we have agreed to supply to your , then we shall through our representatives or agents offer you every reasonable assistance , including advice and guidance and may , depending upon particular circumstances and at our complete discretion , offer [first] financial assistance up to a maximum of £5,000 per booking form .

Sixth — It is contemplated that during the period of the loan , discussions take place to explore the possibility of achieving a longer term solution , either by way of transferring ownership of some or all of the paintings to the Foundation or extending the loan for a second or further term if the initial lease arrangement works well for all concerned .
sixth — it is contemplated that during the period of the loan , discussions take place to explore the possibility of achieving a longer term solution , either by way of transferring ownership of some or all of the paintings to the foundation or extending the loan for a second or further term if the [first] lease arrangement works well for all concerned .

After some initial cautious optimism over Christie 's and Sotheby 's annual figures released in June , more recent results have indicated the grave difficulties the major houses are still facing .
after some [first] cautious optimism over christie 's and sotheby 's annual figures released in june , more recent results have indicated the grave difficulties the major houses are still facing .

They outlined their plans at an initial workshop on ‘ Television and Worship ’ which was held in Lage Vuursche , Netherlands , 27 April-2 May .
they outlined their plans at an [first] workshop on ‘ television and worship ’ which was held in lage vuursche , netherlands , 27 april-2 may .

In both circumstances we can see that the caveman 's body must be prepared , following the initial fright or increase in anxiety , for fight and/or flight .
in both circumstances we can see that the caveman 's body must be prepared , following the [first] fright or increase in anxiety , for fight and/or flight .

However , if we hyperventilate for even brief periods we increase the intensity of the initial symptoms and may bring on these more serious symptoms .
however , if we hyperventilate for even brief periods we increase the intensity of the [first] symptoms and may bring on these more serious symptoms .

The first stage is a recognition of the initial bodily changes as a result of the adrenalin .
the first stage is a recognition of the [first] bodily changes as a result of the adrenalin .

Several riders must be added to the bald statement that class-differentiated linguistic codes help to explain the contradiction between initial statements of attitudes and overall feelings .
several riders must be added to the bald statement that class-differentiated linguistic codes help to explain the contradiction between [first] statements of attitudes and overall feelings .

Most of the directories listed below should be available in the reference section of your local library , but after an initial study at the library it is advisable to buy one or two for company use .
most of the directories listed below should be available in the reference section of your local library , but after an [first] study at the library it is advisable to buy one or two for company use .

They will be needed not only to compile the initial list but also for reference purposes .
they will be needed not only to compile the [first] list but also for reference purposes .

However , there e a few points which it might be useful to bear in mind when writing the initial material .
however , there e a few points which it might be useful to bear in mind when writing the [first] material .

Food products , cookware and tableware , decorating materials , stationery and the like do not receive very much coverage after their initial launch .
food products , cookware and tableware , decorating materials , stationery and the like do not receive very much coverage after their [first] launch .

It has even been known for a company to respond to a request for information six weeks after the initial query and then to complain that their product had been left out !
it has even been known for a company to respond to a request for information six weeks after the [first] query and then to complain that their product had been left out !

Why have they approached your organisation rather than a competitor ? — What was the source of their initial information if any ? Ask for a copy of the original information so that any spokesman you provide will not have it sprung upon him .
why have they approached your organisation rather than a competitor ? — what was the source of their [first] information if any ? ask for a copy of the original information so that any spokesman you provide will not have it sprung upon him .

With very hard waters , the softening effect is incomplete , but the residual hardness is not more than 1–2% of the initial figure .
with very hard waters , the softening effect is incomplete , but the residual hardness is not more than 1–2% of the [first] figure .

Make sure you get a copy of the initial ( and any supplementary ) reading list ( s ) handed out at the first meeting with your class teachers .
make sure you get a copy of the [first] ( and any supplementary ) reading list ( s ) handed out at the first meeting with your class teachers .

For example , the initial listing of a dozen possible places to live has now been reduced to , say , six .
for example , the [first] listing of a dozen possible places to live has now been reduced to , say , six .

He had done his initial research on Jane Austen , but since then had turned his attention to topics as various as medieval sermons , Elizabethan sonnet sequences , Restoration heroic tragedy , eighteenth-century broadsides , the novels of William Godwin , the poetry of Elizabeth Barrett Browning and premonitions of the Theatre of the Absurd in the plays of George Bernard Shaw .
he had done his [first] research on jane austen , but since then had turned his attention to topics as various as medieval sermons , elizabethan sonnet sequences , restoration heroic tragedy , eighteenth-century broadsides , the novels of william godwin , the poetry of elizabeth barrett browning and premonitions of the theatre of the absurd in the plays of george bernard shaw .

However , there is undoubtedly a mystique attached to certain groups that transcends the quality of their individual rugs and boosts both their initial price and resale value .
however , there is undoubtedly a mystique attached to certain groups that transcends the quality of their individual rugs and boosts both their [first] price and resale value .

After the initial impact of Anatolian and Persian designs and their consequent fusion with the traditional decorative schemes of each country , European designs tended to reflect the broader artistic and design movements of each successive period .
after the [first] impact of anatolian and persian designs and their consequent fusion with the traditional decorative schemes of each country , european designs tended to reflect the broader artistic and design movements of each successive period .

The identification of the extra meanings mentioned above can only take place once the initial sentences have been in themselves understood .
the identification of the extra meanings mentioned above can only take place once the [first] sentences have been in themselves understood .

Although initial studies using this technique have shown promise , further tests are required to determine the optimum settings for the various parameters .
although [first] studies using this technique have shown promise , further tests are required to determine the optimum settings for the various parameters .

Fitzwilliam 's initial link with Gloucester can be traced .
fitzwilliam 's [first] link with gloucester can be traced .

From the initial idea Watt developed an engine with a cylinder kept hot by surrounding it with a jacket of steam and a condenser kept cool by immersing it in a water bath .
from the [first] idea watt developed an engine with a cylinder kept hot by surrounding it with a jacket of steam and a condenser kept cool by immersing it in a water bath .

Here , parents may provide valuable financial assistance to their married children in the early stages of their family life-cycle , when the head of the household is beginning a career , and when the young couples are faced with the initial expenses of setting up a home and providing for young children ( Bell , 1968 ) .
here , parents may provide valuable financial assistance to their married children in the early stages of their family life-cycle , when the head of the household is beginning a career , and when the young couples are faced with the [first] expenses of setting up a home and providing for young children ( bell , 1968 ) .

Evaluation of current practice , review of equipment ( including an audit of all ward refrigerator temperatures ) and planning of training in conjunction with the personnel department constituted the initial stage of the review process at Forth Valley .
evaluation of current practice , review of equipment ( including an audit of all ward refrigerator temperatures ) and planning of training in conjunction with the personnel department constituted the [first] stage of the review process at forth valley .

Initial decreases in heart rate and arterial pressure may occur but these effects are minimal with the infusion rates recommended and are less pronounced than with morphine
[first] decreases in heart rate and arterial pressure may occur but these effects are minimal with the infusion rates recommended and are less pronounced than with morphine

The programme began with an initial ice-breaker and a video about the condition .
the programme began with an [first] ice-breaker and a video about the condition .

Japanese land forces enjoyed numerical superiority and better preparedness , which provided them with an initial advantage .
japanese land forces enjoyed numerical superiority and better preparedness , which provided them with an [first] advantage .

Only the Japanese — at 8,000 the largest single contingent in the initial force — were reported to have conducted themselves in an honourable fashion .
only the japanese — at 8,000 the largest single contingent in the [first] force — were reported to have conducted themselves in an honourable fashion .

For the initial years after 1910 Korea was under a brutal military regime which attempted to crush all anti-Japanese activity and sentiment .
for the [first] years after 1910 korea was under a brutal military regime which attempted to crush all anti-japanese activity and sentiment .

In general , a minimum of ten years is required to bring to fruition an initial proposal for an international Convention , though there are exceptions .
in general , a minimum of ten years is required to bring to fruition an [first] proposal for an international convention , though there are exceptions .

initial teacher training including those for the Postgraduate Certificate in Education or the Art Teachers ' Certificate of Diploma
[first] teacher training including those for the postgraduate certificate in education or the art teachers ' certificate of diploma

The ‘ lean ’ months are covered by the ‘ fat ’ months , and providing your initial estimates were fairly accurate , at the end of the year your monthly transfers and your bills will balance .
the ‘ lean ’ months are covered by the ‘ fat ’ months , and providing your [first] estimates were fairly accurate , at the end of the year your monthly transfers and your bills will balance .

We will send you an initial illustration , together with further product details and a proposal form , and arrange for one of our specialist staff to contact you to discuss your requirements , without any obligation on your part .
we will send you an [first] illustration , together with further product details and a proposal form , and arrange for one of our specialist staff to contact you to discuss your requirements , without any obligation on your part .

For Newton there was no satisfactory account of why the planets should orbit the sun in the same direction and in roughly the same plane : This aesthetically pleasing scheme could only be explained by appealing to God 's initial design .
for newton there was no satisfactory account of why the planets should orbit the sun in the same direction and in roughly the same plane : this aesthetically pleasing scheme could only be explained by appealing to god 's [first] design .

Its initial presentation indirectly reflected the growing polarities within Christendom .
its [first] presentation indirectly reflected the growing polarities within christendom .

An initial reluctance on the part of Galileo to publicize the Copernican system should not automatically be ascribed to fear of clerical censure .
an [first] reluctance on the part of galileo to publicize the copernican system should not automatically be ascribed to fear of clerical censure .

When Gardiner was considering the Royal Commission 's Report he was asked by its Secretary if he appreciated that , for the first time , a Minister would become answerable to Parliament for the working of the higher courts , including the delays and other initial setbacks that might be expected .
when gardiner was considering the royal commission 's report he was asked by its secretary if he appreciated that , for the first time , a minister would become answerable to parliament for the working of the higher courts , including the delays and other [first] setbacks that might be expected .

Expressing disappointment at the decision to dissolve the Royal Commission , for which the new Advisory Council would be no substitute , Heath contended that such a serious outcome could have been avoided if , after the resignation of the initial six members , the Prime Minister or the Home Secretary had said firmly that they would appoint others to take their place .
expressing disappointment at the decision to dissolve the royal commission , for which the new advisory council would be no substitute , heath contended that such a serious outcome could have been avoided if , after the resignation of the [first] six members , the prime minister or the home secretary had said firmly that they would appoint others to take their place .

Heath 's initial reaction was favourable to the idea of publication , subject to the report 's reception by the Advisory Committee on Policy and the advice of ‘ our publicity pundits ’ .
heath 's [first] reaction was favourable to the idea of publication , subject to the report 's reception by the advisory committee on policy and the advice of ‘ our publicity pundits ’ .

Perhaps the difficulties of finding suitable work for offenders , and ensuring that tasks were properly performed , were underestimated in the enthusiasm of the initial response .
perhaps the difficulties of finding suitable work for offenders , and ensuring that tasks were properly performed , were underestimated in the enthusiasm of the [first] response .

Unlike the fully suspended sentence which had become popular , in some ways too popular with the initial enthusiasm of the courts having to be reined in by the Court of Appeal , the partly suspended sentence never caught on .
unlike the fully suspended sentence which had become popular , in some ways too popular with the [first] enthusiasm of the courts having to be reined in by the court of appeal , the partly suspended sentence never caught on .

The gains in the host countries have sometimes proved short-lived , with the initial advantages being eroded by competition from other countries , as we elaborate in chapter 4 .
the gains in the host countries have sometimes proved short-lived , with the [first] advantages being eroded by competition from other countries , as we elaborate in chapter 4 .

Typically , technology innovators emphasise exports as the initial route for expansion and set up local sales subsidiaries to ensure proper control .
typically , technology innovators emphasise exports as the [first] route for expansion and set up local sales subsidiaries to ensure proper control .

The initial agreement covers many capital goods ( excluding informatics ) and has led to an increase in trade and specialisation .
the [first] agreement covers many capital goods ( excluding informatics ) and has led to an increase in trade and specialisation .

But their initial difficulty is recorded as a ‘ lack of western self-consciousness ; they did not distinguish between their own thought or statement about something and the thing in itself ( p. 173 ) .
but their [first] difficulty is recorded as a ‘ lack of western self-consciousness ; they did not distinguish between their own thought or statement about something and the thing in itself ( p. 173 ) .

The development of logic , the distinction of myth from history , the emergence of scepticism , and the ability to challenge and reinterpret social dogma are all taken by Goody to follow from these initial pronouncements on communication .
the development of logic , the distinction of myth from history , the emergence of scepticism , and the ability to challenge and reinterpret social dogma are all taken by goody to follow from these [first] pronouncements on communication .

Since so much else rests on it , it is clearly crucial to assess the validity of the initial analysis of communication itself .
since so much else rests on it , it is clearly crucial to assess the validity of the [first] analysis of communication itself .

The government is hoping to tempt more people who are disabled or unemployed back to work by paying their benefits in an initial lump sum .
the government is hoping to tempt more people who are disabled or unemployed back to work by paying their benefits in an [first] lump sum .

Social Security Secretary Peter Lilley said last week the lump sum , which will replace regular payments to those who would qualify for up to £4 a week , would help with initial back-to-work expenses .
social security secretary peter lilley said last week the lump sum , which will replace regular payments to those who would qualify for up to £4 a week , would help with [first] back-to-work expenses .

Despite having certain sympathies with that view , Shklar dismisses her initial inclinations .
despite having certain sympathies with that view , shklar dismisses her [first] inclinations .

These views , which are reminiscent of those of Maine and Bagehot , were also held by Dicey , notwithstanding his initial optimism about accommodating democracy to parliamentary government .
these views , which are reminiscent of those of maine and bagehot , were also held by dicey , notwithstanding his [first] optimism about accommodating democracy to parliamentary government .

Given the concerns of the 1920s , it comes as no surprise that the initial challenge was over the issue of administrative law .
given the concerns of the 1920s , it comes as no surprise that the [first] challenge was over the issue of administrative law .

Where bookings occur by an exchange of letters , the initial inquiry by the guest does not amount to an offer to contract , nor necessarily does the hotel 's reply to the guest stating the tariff and room availability .
where bookings occur by an exchange of letters , the [first] inquiry by the guest does not amount to an offer to contract , nor necessarily does the hotel 's reply to the guest stating the tariff and room availability .

Issued By ( please initial )
issued by ( please [first] )

Accordingly , the programme was designed so that it could be modified in the light of experience , and families could choose to discontinue investigation at every stage from the initial screening test to the confirmed diagnosis .
accordingly , the programme was designed so that it could be modified in the light of experience , and families could choose to discontinue investigation at every stage from the [first] screening test to the confirmed diagnosis .

Firstly , we are offering a family the diagnosis of a lethal untreatable disorder in an apparently healthy baby ; secondly , the protocol was designed so that we could modify practice in the light of experience ; and , thirdly , families should have choice at every stage from the initial screening test to a confirmed diagnosis .
firstly , we are offering a family the diagnosis of a lethal untreatable disorder in an apparently healthy baby ; secondly , the protocol was designed so that we could modify practice in the light of experience ; and , thirdly , families should have choice at every stage from the [first] screening test to a confirmed diagnosis .

Some patients had voiced initial apprehension about their continuing to receive medication , but most were thought to be neutral about fundholding .
some patients had voiced [first] apprehension about their continuing to receive medication , but most were thought to be neutral about fundholding .

Thus we stated that the initial maintenance dose is ‘ usually … about 80 mg three times a day ’ ; this is so , and there is leeway for altering dosages in patients of low body weight .
thus we stated that the [first] maintenance dose is ‘ usually … about 80 mg three times a day ’ ; this is so , and there is leeway for altering dosages in patients of low body weight .

production of the initial sample
production of the [first] sample

one-off costs , including equipment and software acquisition , licence fees , initial staff training and other costs
one-off costs , including equipment and software acquisition , licence fees , [first] staff training and other costs

To what level of the text will this initial mark-up apply :
to what level of the text will this [first] mark-up apply :

Phase 1 : initial tolerance The deviation is noted by members of the group .
phase 1 : [first] tolerance the deviation is noted by members of the group .

Although most studies have reported that the incidence of severe hypoglycaemia is not affected by introducing human insulin , the Swiss group which first described problems with human insulin has published two further studies which seem to support their initial contention .
although most studies have reported that the incidence of severe hypoglycaemia is not affected by introducing human insulin , the swiss group which first described problems with human insulin has published two further studies which seem to support their [first] contention .

’ ) occurred at a lower blood glucose concentration than the initial adrenaline response but the threshold was identical for the two insulins ( 2.5 ( 0.1 ) mmol/l ) .
’ ) occurred at a lower blood glucose concentration than the [first] adrenaline response but the threshold was identical for the two insulins ( 2.5 ( 0.1 ) mmol/l ) .

Initial packed cell volume , peak serum bilirubin concentrations , red cell transfusion requirements , and respiratory impairment ( assessed by ventilatory requirements , arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratio over the first day in ventilated infants , and duration of dependence on supplemental oxygen ) .
[first] packed cell volume , peak serum bilirubin concentrations , red cell transfusion requirements , and respiratory impairment ( assessed by ventilatory requirements , arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratio over the first day in ventilated infants , and duration of dependence on supplemental oxygen ) .

There were statistically significant differences between the two groups in mean initial packed cell volume ( regulated group 0.564 , random group 0.509 ) and median red cell transfusion requirements ( regulated group zero , random group 23 ml/kg ) .
there were statistically significant differences between the two groups in mean [first] packed cell volume ( regulated group 0.564 , random group 0.509 ) and median red cell transfusion requirements ( regulated group zero , random group 23 ml/kg ) .

Outcome measures recorded included Apgar scores , initial packed cell volume , peak serum bilirubin concentrations recorded , red cell transfusions required and respiratory impairment assessed by ventilatory requirements , arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratio over the first day in ventilated infants , and duration of dependence on supplemental oxygen .
outcome measures recorded included apgar scores , [first] packed cell volume , peak serum bilirubin concentrations recorded , red cell transfusions required and respiratory impairment assessed by ventilatory requirements , arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratio over the first day in ventilated infants , and duration of dependence on supplemental oxygen .

Our inability to standardise the timing of the initial packed cell volume is unfortunate as large changes in plasma volume occur in the first few hours of life .
our inability to standardise the timing of the [first] packed cell volume is unfortunate as large changes in plasma volume occur in the first few hours of life .

The lower transfusion requirements in the regulated group reflected milder illness with less investigational blood loss but may also have related to a greater initial endowment of red cells and their precursors .
the lower transfusion requirements in the regulated group reflected milder illness with less investigational blood loss but may also have related to a greater [first] endowment of red cells and their precursors .

It correlated inversely with peak serum bilirubin concentrations ( r =0.61 ; p=0.001 ) , as did the initial packed cell volume in ventilated infants ( r =0.40 ; p=0.044 ) .
it correlated inversely with peak serum bilirubin concentrations ( r =0.61 ; p=0.001 ) , as did the [first] packed cell volume in ventilated infants ( r =0.40 ; p=0.044 ) .

In summary , a 30 second delay in cord clamping with the infant held 20 cm below the introitus gives a higher initial packed cell volume and higher arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratios ( implying less right to left shunting of deoxygenated blood at cardiac or pulmonary level ) on the first day .
in summary , a 30 second delay in cord clamping with the infant held 20 cm below the introitus gives a higher [first] packed cell volume and higher arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratios ( implying less right to left shunting of deoxygenated blood at cardiac or pulmonary level ) on the first day .

Although useful for an initial screening programme , their continued use needs to be evaluated .
although useful for an [first] screening programme , their continued use needs to be evaluated .

The procedures cover each stage from initial identification of a possible change , through the approval procedure , to eventual rejection or implementation .
the procedures cover each stage from [first] identification of a possible change , through the approval procedure , to eventual rejection or implementation .

The beginning of his first term was unimpressive , but , after an initial learning period , the governor and his staff improved their performance considerably .
the beginning of his first term was unimpressive , but , after an [first] learning period , the governor and his staff improved their performance considerably .

After the initial , concurrent budget resolution has been agreed , the committees go to work considering the president 's budget proposals in minute detail .
after the [first] , concurrent budget resolution has been agreed , the committees go to work considering the president 's budget proposals in minute detail .

However unattractive the peasants found the terms of redemption , they were compelled to transfer from the initial status of ‘ temporarily obligated ’ tenants to outright purchasers if their landlords insisted .
however unattractive the peasants found the terms of redemption , they were compelled to transfer from the [first] status of ‘ temporarily obligated ’ tenants to outright purchasers if their landlords insisted .

After initial disappointments the Russian Army succeeded in forcing the Treaty of San Stefano upon Turkey in 1878 .
after [first] disappointments the russian army succeeded in forcing the treaty of san stefano upon turkey in 1878 .

The initial bone of contention was the question of the terms on which sympathizers should be admitted to the Party .
the [first] bone of contention was the question of the terms on which sympathizers should be admitted to the party .

The social origin of its members , the initial preponderance of intelligentsia over workers , was utterly irrelevant .
the social origin of its members , the [first] preponderance of intelligentsia over workers , was utterly irrelevant .

But because this initial excitation is coherent , high time resolution replaces , in a complementary way , the high frequency resolution of conventional high-resolution spectroscopy .
but because this [first] excitation is coherent , high time resolution replaces , in a complementary way , the high frequency resolution of conventional high-resolution spectroscopy .

The initial height of each mussel and the height in subsequent years were measured exactly perpendicular to the shell hinge at the umbo using a digital caliper ( ±0.01 mm ) .
the [first] height of each mussel and the height in subsequent years were measured exactly perpendicular to the shell hinge at the umbo using a digital caliper ( ±0.01 mm ) .

With a star of very low initial mass , nothing more happens ; the star glows feebly , and then simply cools off until it has become dead .
with a star of very low [first] mass , nothing more happens ; the star glows feebly , and then simply cools off until it has become dead .

Purchasing patents would make significant savings on initial research costs and adapting or improving known techniques would increase the speed of development .
purchasing patents would make significant savings on [first] research costs and adapting or improving known techniques would increase the speed of development .

the initial entry , integration , and editorial alteration of the text , in some cases with the assistance of special computer programs
the [first] entry , integration , and editorial alteration of the text , in some cases with the assistance of special computer programs

The initial requirement is for nine user terminals , although it is essential that it be possible to expand the system to handle at least twenty terminals should they be needed later .
the [first] requirement is for nine user terminals , although it is essential that it be possible to expand the system to handle at least twenty terminals should they be needed later .

Initial proofs of all entries requiring attention will be delivered to lexicographers before they work on the material for the first time .
[first] proofs of all entries requiring attention will be delivered to lexicographers before they work on the material for the first time .

In addition , initial parsing of a retrieved entry is very demanding .
in addition , [first] parsing of a retrieved entry is very demanding .

The curriculum designer has the job of seeing the unit through its various stages from the initial discussion and the selection of the teaching aims and content of the unit to its more detailed specification and drafting , the production of a draft program and teaching notes , its classroom development , editing and publication .
the curriculum designer has the job of seeing the unit through its various stages from the [first] discussion and the selection of the teaching aims and content of the unit to its more detailed specification and drafting , the production of a draft program and teaching notes , its classroom development , editing and publication .

Information from these initial trials will be extremely useful to the designers .
information from these [first] trials will be extremely useful to the designers .

Teacher users , as termed in this taxonomy , are the teachers who use the teaching unit when it is already well through its initial development stages .
teacher users , as termed in this taxonomy , are the teachers who use the teaching unit when it is already well through its [first] development stages .

It is advisable that a good cross-section of teachers play this role and that they are not really involved in the initial stages of development in order that the ultimate effectiveness of the unit can be assessed .
it is advisable that a good cross-section of teachers play this role and that they are not really involved in the [first] stages of development in order that the ultimate effectiveness of the unit can be assessed .

Praise and criticism are obvious parts of any interactive teaching material , but the balance must be carefully adjusted both in the initial design and the classroom development of the program unit .
praise and criticism are obvious parts of any interactive teaching material , but the balance must be carefully adjusted both in the [first] design and the classroom development of the program unit .

It is our view that designers should generally pursue such an economical , even terse , style but with a clearly-defined choice structure , regarding ‘ initial training ’ as a separate task .
it is our view that designers should generally pursue such an economical , even terse , style but with a clearly-defined choice structure , regarding ‘ [first] training ’ as a separate task .

This is the ‘ initial training ’ problem referred to earlier .
this is the ‘ [first] training ’ problem referred to earlier .

It is extremely easy to exceed these bounds when specifying a program , and so it is essential that a programmer experienced in the particular system or systems to be used is involved in the initial design discussions .
it is extremely easy to exceed these bounds when specifying a program , and so it is essential that a programmer experienced in the particular system or systems to be used is involved in the [first] design discussions .

At the initial design stage , and during the implementation of the program , the programmer needs to be aware of and act upon a number of factors .
at the [first] design stage , and during the implementation of the program , the programmer needs to be aware of and act upon a number of factors .

The programmer has to be aware right from the initial design stage of the implications of the program design in terms of memory and speed requirements , and must be aware of techniques for optimizing any combination of these factors that is required .
the programmer has to be aware right from the [first] design stage of the implications of the program design in terms of memory and speed requirements , and must be aware of techniques for optimizing any combination of these factors that is required .

With these and other predictions in mind , and with reference to the relevant checklists , the following list of questions was selected for initial classroom observation .
with these and other predictions in mind , and with reference to the relevant checklists , the following list of questions was selected for [first] classroom observation .

1 . Initial draft
1 . [first] draft

The section concludes with a diary describing the initial stages of development of a program — the teacher concerned was on an intensive course on the design and development of such units , and this was her first effort .
the section concludes with a diary describing the [first] stages of development of a program — the teacher concerned was on an intensive course on the design and development of such units , and this was her first effort .

Once changes have been made it is just as important to observe the modified unit in action as it was to conduct the initial trials .
once changes have been made it is just as important to observe the modified unit in action as it was to conduct the [first] trials .

Either the computer converts the initial data from decimal to binary and the final results from binary to decimal , performing all internal calculations in binary , or a data-type and instruction set is provided to perform arithmetic operations directly in decimal .
either the computer converts the [first] data from decimal to binary and the final results from binary to decimal , performing all internal calculations in binary , or a data-type and instruction set is provided to perform arithmetic operations directly in decimal .

The second method is appropriate when only a small number of arithmetic operations are to be performed on each of a large number of initial items of data .
the second method is appropriate when only a small number of arithmetic operations are to be performed on each of a large number of [first] items of data .

The assignment of binary bit patterns to operation codes , and of portions of the operation code field to positions in the instruction format , must be done in such a way that the hardware of the computer can decode the instruction ; thus it must be possible to extract an initial portion of the operation code from a fixed position in the instruction and decide , from the bit pattern found there , whether an operation is now specified ( in which case the rest of the instruction can be interpreted as secondary fields ) or whether a further portion of instruction has to be decoded , and so on .
the assignment of binary bit patterns to operation codes , and of portions of the operation code field to positions in the instruction format , must be done in such a way that the hardware of the computer can decode the instruction ; thus it must be possible to extract an [first] portion of the operation code from a fixed position in the instruction and decide , from the bit pattern found there , whether an operation is now specified ( in which case the rest of the instruction can be interpreted as secondary fields ) or whether a further portion of instruction has to be decoded , and so on .

An instruction then consists of an initial operator syllable which specifies the operation to be performed , perhaps followed by one or more further syllables specifying a store address or subsidiary information .
an instruction then consists of an [first] operator syllable which specifies the operation to be performed , perhaps followed by one or more further syllables specifying a store address or subsidiary information .

But , as with those who emphasize the tutoring role of the adult input in initial language learning , both these authors emphasize the influence of the environment on the repertoire of linguistic resources that the child masters as a result of interaction with members of the family circle .
but , as with those who emphasize the tutoring role of the adult input in [first] language learning , both these authors emphasize the influence of the environment on the repertoire of linguistic resources that the child masters as a result of interaction with members of the family circle .

The formula was tried out on thousands of texts , and norms established using pooled subjective judgements as the initial criterion for fixing and comparing difficulty levels .
the formula was tried out on thousands of texts , and norms established using pooled subjective judgements as the [first] criterion for fixing and comparing difficulty levels .

In each he jots down an initial point — `` 1 .
in each he jots down an [first] point — `` 1 .

It is because he is concerned only with a private set of notes that he is able to enrich his initial comments in this way .
it is because he is concerned only with a private set of notes that he is able to enrich his [first] comments in this way .

the initial events are sequenced initially in the text and so on .
the [first] events are sequenced initially in the text and so on .

In common also with the simple narrative is the use of pronominalisation for mentions , subsequent to the initial one , of the main agent of the action — here the nervous impulse which is replaced by it .
in common also with the simple narrative is the use of pronominalisation for mentions , subsequent to the [first] one , of the main agent of the action — here the nervous impulse which is replaced by it .

Experience on inservice courses and in initial training shows that the real advantages go beyond hearing the individual child read .
experience on inservice courses and in [first] training shows that the real advantages go beyond hearing the individual child read .

How they do this depends on three things : their initial purpose , their potential audience , and the nature of the information they have .
how they do this depends on three things : their [first] purpose , their potential audience , and the nature of the information they have .

But once the business had been established and the initial problems of setting it up had been dealt with , she had found herself with a certain amount of time at her disposal , time to relax , time to remember .
but once the business had been established and the [first] problems of setting it up had been dealt with , she had found herself with a certain amount of time at her disposal , time to relax , time to remember .

Patrick 's initial shock was now turning to anger . " Now look here … "
patrick 's [first] shock was now turning to anger . " now look here … "

But how much deeper in content and how much easier to understand is the observation that infinitely many such problems can be dealt with all at once , as it were , by replacing numerical coefficients by literal coefficients of no initial specific numerical value .
but how much deeper in content and how much easier to understand is the observation that infinitely many such problems can be dealt with all at once , as it were , by replacing numerical coefficients by literal coefficients of no [first] specific numerical value .

The axiomatic method which rejects proofs based on intuition involves deducing by logical argument alone , from initial statements assumed without question ( the axioms ) , other statements ( the theorems ) .
the axiomatic method which rejects proofs based on intuition involves deducing by logical argument alone , from [first] statements assumed without question ( the axioms ) , other statements ( the theorems ) .

[ The letters m , r are chosen as they are the initial letters of the words multiple and remainder respectively .
[ the letters m , r are chosen as they are the [first] letters of the words multiple and remainder respectively .

Organizers of schemes interviewed during the initial review indicated their reluctance to modify their schemes substantially in view of the time and expense required .
organizers of schemes interviewed during the [first] review indicated their reluctance to modify their schemes substantially in view of the time and expense required .

However , from the supplementary information collected , by questionnaire , from LEAs a year alter the initial review , there appeared to be some increase in the use of the reported incidence of practical work , and about two-thirds of the completed questionnaires indicated that calculator skills were tested .
however , from the supplementary information collected , by questionnaire , from leas a year alter the [first] review , there appeared to be some increase in the use of the reported incidence of practical work , and about two-thirds of the completed questionnaires indicated that calculator skills were tested .

Teachers and their pupils commented on the initial drafts of the tests which were then revised in preparation for wider scale trials in schools which were to become associated with the project in its second phase from September 1984 .
teachers and their pupils commented on the [first] drafts of the tests which were then revised in preparation for wider scale trials in schools which were to become associated with the project in its second phase from september 1984 .

Pupils ' difficulty with the scale ( 4 cm representing 1 m ) was tested by some initial questions asking for the length and width of the room .
pupils ' difficulty with the scale ( 4 cm representing 1 m ) was tested by some [first] questions asking for the length and width of the room .

It is arguable , with some hope of success , that we can speak of a choice or a decision as an effect and not be committed to there having been a causal circumstance which was required for it , and speak of an action as an effect and need not be committed to there having been a causal circumstance that was — roughly speaking — prior in time to the agent 's initial neurophysiological activity .
it is arguable , with some hope of success , that we can speak of a choice or a decision as an effect and not be committed to there having been a causal circumstance which was required for it , and speak of an action as an effect and need not be committed to there having been a causal circumstance that was — roughly speaking — prior in time to the agent 's [first] neurophysiological activity .

To return to one of our initial examples , consider the belief that it is the position of the car 's heater that accounts for the driver 's left knee being warm .
to return to one of our [first] examples , consider the belief that it is the position of the car 's heater that accounts for the driver 's left knee being warm .

Indeed initial studies showed only 17 per cent .
indeed [first] studies showed only 17 per cent .

After an initial two nights in the sleep laboratory in which it was confirmed that he was continuously awake , he returned with his wife for a five-night stay .
after an [first] two nights in the sleep laboratory in which it was confirmed that he was continuously awake , he returned with his wife for a five-night stay .

Although at first united , Nut and Geb were then separated by their father for ever , but their initial union gave rise to the births of their four children , two sons , Osiris and Seth , and two daughters , Isis and Nephthys .
although at first united , nut and geb were then separated by their father for ever , but their [first] union gave rise to the births of their four children , two sons , osiris and seth , and two daughters , isis and nephthys .

My initial work was pretty mundane .
my [first] work was pretty mundane .

Our initial reaction was that we just did n't believe it .
our [first] reaction was that we just did n't believe it .

Such information , derived from experimental perturbation of the embryo , `` nay lead eventually to a clearer understanding of the processes governing the initial organization and differentiation of the fetus .
such information , derived from experimental perturbation of the embryo , `` nay lead eventually to a clearer understanding of the processes governing the [first] organization and differentiation of the fetus .

( i ) initial recovery of the mitotic cells which may be aided by earlier exposure to a mitotic arrestant , ( ii ) treatment with a hypotonic solution so that they swell , ( iii ) fixation to preserve chromosome morphology , and ( iv ) spreading and flattening onto glass slides .
( i ) [first] recovery of the mitotic cells which may be aided by earlier exposure to a mitotic arrestant , ( ii ) treatment with a hypotonic solution so that they swell , ( iii ) fixation to preserve chromosome morphology , and ( iv ) spreading and flattening onto glass slides .

In the initial stages , the researcher needs to understand the market , and the client 's position and objectives within it .
in the [first] stages , the researcher needs to understand the market , and the client 's position and objectives within it .

Remember that the creative team will be held responsible if the finished film or advertisement fails to live up to its initial promise .
remember that the creative team will be held responsible if the finished film or advertisement fails to live up to its [first] promise .

Market research is the first place you go to help solve this initial problem .
market research is the first place you go to help solve this [first] problem .

Following the initial distribution by the health visitors of 3,000 sets of leaflets and cards , opinions of those health visitors was researched .
following the [first] distribution by the health visitors of 3,000 sets of leaflets and cards , opinions of those health visitors was researched .

1 The initial letter
1 the [first] letter

If children make mistakes in the first consonant or initial blend , and are older than seven , they need immediate help with reading , and especially with phonic training .
if children make mistakes in the first consonant or [first] blend , and are older than seven , they need immediate help with reading , and especially with phonic training .

When the pupil 's errors have been analysed , approach the teaching very largely in the order : initial letters — phonic alternatives — prefixes , suffixes — unstressed syllables — single/double .
when the pupil 's errors have been analysed , approach the teaching very largely in the order : [first] letters — phonic alternatives — prefixes , suffixes — unstressed syllables — single/double .

There is no point in teaching prefixes if the child is making errors in the initial consonant ; and if he 's uncertain about the relationship of sound to symbol , and is producing lots of phonic alternatives , then that must be solved before anything else is approached .
there is no point in teaching prefixes if the child is making errors in the [first] consonant ; and if he 's uncertain about the relationship of sound to symbol , and is producing lots of phonic alternatives , then that must be solved before anything else is approached .

These two represent two extremes of difficulty : the first involves only initial letters , the second involves going to the fourth or fifth letter to decide on order .
these two represent two extremes of difficulty : the first involves only [first] letters , the second involves going to the fourth or fifth letter to decide on order .

Although this is an initial letter , it is not a serious error .
although this is an [first] letter , it is not a serious error .

The first sound is initial , the last the final : anything between them is medial .
the first sound is [first] , the last the final : anything between them is medial .

Thus initial gh symbolise f , and final ti can not symbolise sh in English .
thus [first] gh symbolise f , and final ti can not symbolise sh in english .

In the initial post-operative period patients may be drowsy from the effects of anaesthesia or analgesia .
in the [first] post-operative period patients may be drowsy from the effects of anaesthesia or analgesia .

Finally , the research aims to generate insights into the initial and inservice training needs of teachers in respect of the relationship between curriculum design and the organisation of library provision . ( Proposal document )
finally , the research aims to generate insights into the [first] and inservice training needs of teachers in respect of the relationship between curriculum design and the organisation of library provision . ( proposal document )

( e ) to make initial contact with schools selected and follow up as appropriate
( e ) to make [first] contact with schools selected and follow up as appropriate

The evaluators ' initial impression was of a school with a fairly traditional outlook but one in which facilities were enviable .
the evaluators ' [first] impression was of a school with a fairly traditional outlook but one in which facilities were enviable .

The initial impetus to the Coordinating Team 's invitation to the school to participate in the project seems to have come from two sources .
the [first] impetus to the coordinating team 's invitation to the school to participate in the project seems to have come from two sources .

More children are coming back to the library to work because teachers give the initial push by bringing them … Teachers are coming to look at the shelves and tying it up with what they do in class .
more children are coming back to the library to work because teachers give the [first] push by bringing them … teachers are coming to look at the shelves and tying it up with what they do in class .

Several DCSLs , commenting on Minor Project schools in general , observed that a number of committees had lapsed since their initial involvement in the project , and that those which had operated without the benefit of a committee were the weaker for it .
several dcsls , commenting on minor project schools in general , observed that a number of committees had lapsed since their [first] involvement in the project , and that those which had operated without the benefit of a committee were the weaker for it .

For example , some two years after initial involvement , one head was considering whether to levy 10 % from the capitation of each department for library provision , hoping that such a move would involve more departments in enquiry-based learning .
for example , some two years after [first] involvement , one head was considering whether to levy 10 % from the capitation of each department for library provision , hoping that such a move would involve more departments in enquiry-based learning .

The major initial cost to employers will be of time .
the major [first] cost to employers will be of time .

Initial goals should be reached at the end of the fifth year ( 16+ ) but the Compact entitlement stays with students permanently and can be redeemed whenever they leave full-time education .
[first] goals should be reached at the end of the fifth year ( 16+ ) but the compact entitlement stays with students permanently and can be redeemed whenever they leave full-time education .

It 's worth shopping around for one a few years old , after the initial sharp depreciation ( which can be as much as 70 % over three years ) has levelled .
it 's worth shopping around for one a few years old , after the [first] sharp depreciation ( which can be as much as 70 % over three years ) has levelled .

Except in genuinely traditional societies reacting against the initial impact of modernity , fundamentalism appears to be , universally , a minority phenomenon .
except in genuinely traditional societies reacting against the [first] impact of modernity , fundamentalism appears to be , universally , a minority phenomenon .

Lack of urgency is the initial impression .
lack of urgency is the [first] impression .

After an initial flurry of interest the atmosphere began to cool by the mid-1980s .
after an [first] flurry of interest the atmosphere began to cool by the mid-1980s .

After some initial hesitation , the government accepted the Widdicombe approach .
after some [first] hesitation , the government accepted the widdicombe approach .

Naturally , the distinction is not as clear-cut as these simple definitions imply : current items do not all disappear on the initial day of consumption ; and neither do all capital items last for generations .
naturally , the distinction is not as clear-cut as these simple definitions imply : current items do not all disappear on the [first] day of consumption ; and neither do all capital items last for generations .

According to the script , after an initial twenty minutes of Anglo-Saxon bombardment , the Turks would be weeping with fear and humiliation , and devoting much of their on-field activities to figuring out ways of being granted political asylum , rather than returning home to their doubtless murderous regime , where they would be summarily sent to work down the sewers for ten years .
according to the script , after an [first] twenty minutes of anglo-saxon bombardment , the turks would be weeping with fear and humiliation , and devoting much of their on-field activities to figuring out ways of being granted political asylum , rather than returning home to their doubtless murderous regime , where they would be summarily sent to work down the sewers for ten years .

‘ It 's only after that that someone like myself would look for technical skill , but it has to have that initial force to grab your attention , 99% of the time . ’
‘ it 's only after that that someone like myself would look for technical skill , but it has to have that [first] force to grab your attention , 99% of the time . ’

He began to talk and after an initial hesitancy , the words flowed out .
he began to talk and after an [first] hesitancy , the words flowed out .

The initial deal was for the release of two singles and a potential album deal which has yet to be finalised .
the [first] deal was for the release of two singles and a potential album deal which has yet to be finalised .

All academic disciplines or areas of study are faced with the initial problem of providing the layperson or newcomer to the discipline with some idea as to what their subject ‘ is all about ’ .
all academic disciplines or areas of study are faced with the [first] problem of providing the layperson or newcomer to the discipline with some idea as to what their subject ‘ is all about ’ .

Most of the influence of the family in this initial stage during the socialisation process is unintended , and takes place informally , as a product of social interaction between people in extremely close physical and emotional proximity to one another .
most of the influence of the family in this [first] stage during the socialisation process is unintended , and takes place informally , as a product of social interaction between people in extremely close physical and emotional proximity to one another .

The committees functioned effectively in north Korea in the initial stage of communist rule before their independent characteristics were curbed as the northern regime consolidated itself .
the committees functioned effectively in north korea in the [first] stage of communist rule before their independent characteristics were curbed as the northern regime consolidated itself .

The initial behaviour of the Soviet forces was bad , including rape and plunder ; this was explicable through the rawness of troops and inadequate provision for the occupation — some soldiers lacked proper uniform or shoes .
the [first] behaviour of the soviet forces was bad , including rape and plunder ; this was explicable through the rawness of troops and inadequate provision for the occupation — some soldiers lacked proper uniform or shoes .

FoE suggests that the initial enthusiasm for saving water may be short-lived .
foe suggests that the [first] enthusiasm for saving water may be short-lived .

In theory , people who took out their cards before July 1977 — the date when the Consumer Credit Act became effective — and who still use the same cards , do n't qualify for this protection under their initial contract .
in theory , people who took out their cards before july 1977 — the date when the consumer credit act became effective — and who still use the same cards , do n't qualify for this protection under their [first] contract .

Wars generally suppress fertility , as families are separated , marriages delayed ( after an initial precipitate rush ) , and the outlook for childbearing seems uncertain .
wars generally suppress fertility , as families are separated , marriages delayed ( after an [first] precipitate rush ) , and the outlook for childbearing seems uncertain .

This may be one reason why fertility recovered somewhat after its initial wartime decline , to reach a peak in 1944 ( 781,478 births ) , unmatched since 1923 , only to fall again in late 1944 and 1945 as mass armies were once again able to operate overseas ( see Registrar-General 1954 ) .
this may be one reason why fertility recovered somewhat after its [first] wartime decline , to reach a peak in 1944 ( 781,478 births ) , unmatched since 1923 , only to fall again in late 1944 and 1945 as mass armies were once again able to operate overseas ( see registrar-general 1954 ) .

For example , fertility differences persist within each tenure after the initial selection effects , partly independently of social class ( Fox 1982 ) .
for example , fertility differences persist within each tenure after the [first] selection effects , partly independently of social class ( fox 1982 ) .

As an initial pointer towards this counter-movement within respectable opinion , we can take some remarks by Robert Baden-Powell , the founder of the Boy Scout movement , in an address to a conference on juvenile crime .
as an [first] pointer towards this counter-movement within respectable opinion , we can take some remarks by robert baden-powell , the founder of the boy scout movement , in an address to a conference on juvenile crime .

This involves two different types of the tiny , transportive liposome ; for the initial stage , an ‘ anti-fat ’ liposome containing caffeine works to break-up cellulitic lipidic clusters so that they may be disposed of more readily , while the trace element algo silicium assists in restructuring the fragile tissues .
this involves two different types of the tiny , transportive liposome ; for the [first] stage , an ‘ anti-fat ’ liposome containing caffeine works to break-up cellulitic lipidic clusters so that they may be disposed of more readily , while the trace element algo silicium assists in restructuring the fragile tissues .

Mr Tsurumaki made his initial fortune in steel trading during the Korean War boom .
mr tsurumaki made his [first] fortune in steel trading during the korean war boom .

To avoid a muddle we shall use initial capitals — ‘ International Relations ’ — when we mean the latter and small letters ' — international relations ' — when we mean the former .
to avoid a muddle we shall use [first] capitals — ‘ international relations ’ — when we mean the latter and small letters ' — international relations ' — when we mean the former .

The passionate desire to prevent war determined the whole initial course and direction of the study .
the passionate desire to prevent war determined the whole [first] course and direction of the study .

It has been in the initial stage in which wishing prevails over thinking , generalisation over observation , and in which little attempt is made at a critical analysis of existing facts or available means .
it has been in the [first] stage in which wishing prevails over thinking , generalisation over observation , and in which little attempt is made at a critical analysis of existing facts or available means .

Representing a reaction against the wish-dreams of the initial stage , realism is liable to assume a critical and somewhat cynical aspect … it places its emphasis on the acceptance of facts and on the analysis of their causes and consequences .
representing a reaction against the wish-dreams of the [first] stage , realism is liable to assume a critical and somewhat cynical aspect … it places its emphasis on the acceptance of facts and on the analysis of their causes and consequences .

However … all … must be considered elaborations of the initial paradigm … .
however … all … must be considered elaborations of the [first] paradigm … .

This fits neatly with his initial remark that the social sciences study social action and that action is connected with the subjective meaning which the acting individual attaches to it .
this fits neatly with his [first] remark that the social sciences study social action and that action is connected with the subjective meaning which the acting individual attaches to it .

At this stage we want only to make an initial contrast between explaining and understanding .
at this stage we want only to make an [first] contrast between explaining and understanding .

Their initial relationship is one of icy formality , but as time goes on they seem to have more in common …
their [first] relationship is one of icy formality , but as time goes on they seem to have more in common …

‘ From the initial idea which sounded crazy , they have created a huge range of lipsticks which do n't compromise on the quality of formula or packaging .
‘ from the [first] idea which sounded crazy , they have created a huge range of lipsticks which do n't compromise on the quality of formula or packaging .

Numerous delays prevented this venture coming to fruition within the ‘ initial responses ’ period .
numerous delays prevented this venture coming to fruition within the ‘ [first] responses ’ period .

Briefly , their ‘ epidemic ’ model proposes that , from a stable endemic baseline , the number of new cases of heroin use ( incidence ) in a community increases rapidly for four years before peaking at ten times the level of initial endemic incidence in year five , and then dropping sharply to the previous endemic level during years six and seven ( see Figure 3.2 ) .
briefly , their ‘ epidemic ’ model proposes that , from a stable endemic baseline , the number of new cases of heroin use ( incidence ) in a community increases rapidly for four years before peaking at ten times the level of [first] endemic incidence in year five , and then dropping sharply to the previous endemic level during years six and seven ( see figure 3.2 ) .

The following section will demonstrate how the drug careers of the interviewees developed following this initial stage .
the following section will demonstrate how the drug careers of the interviewees developed following this [first] stage .

In terms of this initial time lapse , two distinct groups can be identified .
in terms of this [first] time lapse , two distinct groups can be identified .

The time lags between first use and daily use show a similar distribution , with 72 per cent of interviewees becoming daily users within a period of six months after initial use .
the time lags between first use and daily use show a similar distribution , with 72 per cent of interviewees becoming daily users within a period of six months after [first] use .

During these initial stages of their drug career , changes in the lifestyle of the majority of the sample were minimal .
during these [first] stages of their drug career , changes in the lifestyle of the majority of the sample were minimal .

The initial prevalence survey identified a high correlation between unemployment and other social deprivation factors and also revealed that 75 per cent of heroin users were aged between 16 and 24 .
the [first] prevalence survey identified a high correlation between unemployment and other social deprivation factors and also revealed that 75 per cent of heroin users were aged between 16 and 24 .

Thus , excluding the initial informant , each snowball chain would encompass a minimum of three further stages ( see Figure 5.1 ) .
thus , excluding the [first] informant , each snowball chain would encompass a minimum of three further stages ( see figure 5.1 ) .

The Tobacco Advisory Council 's initial response was to issue a statement deploring the new warnings and stating : ‘ This seems to be a personal crusade by the Secretary of State for Health against the industry ’ .
the tobacco advisory council 's [first] response was to issue a statement deploring the new warnings and stating : ‘ this seems to be a personal crusade by the secretary of state for health against the industry ’ .

Readmission rates were related to initial length of stay .
readmission rates were related to [first] length of stay .

Nothing could be less conclusive than this sensational ending to a turgid and inflated romance , nor does Rider Haggard 's elaborate initial paraphernalia of the letter and package coming to the author from Holly after the old man 's death convince one any more successfully of the ‘ tragedy ’ of the lovers than does the equally elaborate account of the ‘ letter and two packets ’ containing Leo Vincey 's family history and Holly 's account of the events of She which , we are asked to believe , reached the author a few years after he had first seen Holly and the golden-haired hero Leo Vincey in a Cambridge street .
nothing could be less conclusive than this sensational ending to a turgid and inflated romance , nor does rider haggard 's elaborate [first] paraphernalia of the letter and package coming to the author from holly after the old man 's death convince one any more successfully of the ‘ tragedy ’ of the lovers than does the equally elaborate account of the ‘ letter and two packets ’ containing leo vincey 's family history and holly 's account of the events of she which , we are asked to believe , reached the author a few years after he had first seen holly and the golden-haired hero leo vincey in a cambridge street .

In the kind of fiction under consideration here , the quest draws on the traditions of chivalry , traditions which are romantic in the sense that reality is softened , that a heightened emotional response to a distant ideal is interposed between the hero 's initial motive for action and his expectation of reward .
in the kind of fiction under consideration here , the quest draws on the traditions of chivalry , traditions which are romantic in the sense that reality is softened , that a heightened emotional response to a distant ideal is interposed between the hero 's [first] motive for action and his expectation of reward .

In its basic form , as proposed by Leslie Wilkins ( 1964 ) , societal reactions to initial , and often minor , acts of alleged deviance , have the effect of producing some degree of isolation and alienation among those who commit such acts .
in its basic form , as proposed by leslie wilkins ( 1964 ) , societal reactions to [first] , and often minor , acts of alleged deviance , have the effect of producing some degree of isolation and alienation among those who commit such acts .

Having accepted that deviance can become amplified through a positive feedback mechanism , and that the initial acts of deviance on which the system feeds are often quite minor , only a relatively weak explanation of the original deviance is called for .
having accepted that deviance can become amplified through a positive feedback mechanism , and that the [first] acts of deviance on which the system feeds are often quite minor , only a relatively weak explanation of the original deviance is called for .

In chemistry the initial processes of purification are supposed to ensure that the sample is uncontaminated , and the processes of selection and isolation of materials , that it is typical .
in chemistry the [first] processes of purification are supposed to ensure that the sample is uncontaminated , and the processes of selection and isolation of materials , that it is typical .

In an orderly procession , or an orderly leaving of the ground , the initial sequence of people is preserved , there is no passing and repassing , or quickening or slowing of pace .
in an orderly procession , or an orderly leaving of the ground , the [first] sequence of people is preserved , there is no passing and repassing , or quickening or slowing of pace .

Initial research work at Oxford United 's ground consisted mainly of making a large number of video-recordings of fans in the London Road End .
[first] research work at oxford united 's ground consisted mainly of making a large number of video-recordings of fans in the london road end .

Both groups proposed a modified version of Gower 's initial findings and in January 1985 the Government published its long awaited White Paper .
both groups proposed a modified version of gower 's [first] findings and in january 1985 the government published its long awaited white paper .

It follows therefore that a discussion of the effectiveness of the Chinese Wall ( a self regulatory/quasi-statutory mechanism designed , inter alia , to prevent insider dealing ) ought sensibly to be preceded by an initial outline of the substantive law regulating the practice , the likelihood of detection , and the penalties capable of being imposed .
it follows therefore that a discussion of the effectiveness of the chinese wall ( a self regulatory/quasi-statutory mechanism designed , inter alia , to prevent insider dealing ) ought sensibly to be preceded by an [first] outline of the substantive law regulating the practice , the likelihood of detection , and the penalties capable of being imposed .

We were nevertheless off the ground in around an estimated 500 metres and the initial rate of climb at 90 knots settled down to around 1100 feet per minute .
we were nevertheless off the ground in around an estimated 500 metres and the [first] rate of climb at 90 knots settled down to around 1100 feet per minute .

This area of love , care and spontaneous response which ignores , or deliberately flouts , principle and convention is one , then , where an initial impressionistic guess about male and female differences can be given an impressive weight of support .
this area of love , care and spontaneous response which ignores , or deliberately flouts , principle and convention is one , then , where an [first] impressionistic guess about male and female differences can be given an impressive weight of support .

With that , the situation transcends the initial paradigmatic form or structure of coercion ; for if people do n't mind doing what you want them to do , you ca n't really be making them do it .
with that , the situation transcends the [first] paradigmatic form or structure of coercion ; for if people do n't mind doing what you want them to do , you ca n't really be making them do it .

Initial planning is most important .
[first] planning is most important .

Our initial impression was favourable .
our [first] impression was favourable .

And then , perhaps most usefully of all , the initial lessons in how to dispose of the bodies of ‘ terrs ’ who had been shot .
and then , perhaps most usefully of all , the [first] lessons in how to dispose of the bodies of ‘ terrs ’ who had been shot .

Cost £30-£35 for an initial consultation ( about 90 minutes ) , £20-£25 for subsequent sessions ( about 40 minutes ) .
cost £30-£35 for an [first] consultation ( about 90 minutes ) , £20-£25 for subsequent sessions ( about 40 minutes ) .

The following increases in national income will take place after the initial increase in government expenditure of £100 million : £100 million , £40 million , £16 million , £6.4 million , £2.56 million , and so on .
the following increases in national income will take place after the [first] increase in government expenditure of £100 million : £100 million , £40 million , £16 million , £6.4 million , £2.56 million , and so on .

An increase in exports would be particularly beneficial in that the balance of payments would improve and at the same time national income will rise by an amount greater than the initial increase in exports .
an increase in exports would be particularly beneficial in that the balance of payments would improve and at the same time national income will rise by an amount greater than the [first] increase in exports .

Bearing in mind women 's income levels , it is too expensive not only in terms of the initial and ongoing payments , but also in terms of the ongoing costs of upkeep .
bearing in mind women 's income levels , it is too expensive not only in terms of the [first] and ongoing payments , but also in terms of the ongoing costs of upkeep .

Over time , the analyst may alter his initial interpretations .
over time , the analyst may alter his [first] interpretations .

After the initial chapter on mountain medicine , the book continues with interesting sections on the geology , glaciers , climate , flora and fauna .
after the [first] chapter on mountain medicine , the book continues with interesting sections on the geology , glaciers , climate , flora and fauna .

Prospecting licences can be for up to 250 km & sup2 ; for an initial period of two years , renewable for a further two years at the discretion of the Department .
prospecting licences can be for up to 250 km & sup2 ; for an [first] period of two years , renewable for a further two years at the discretion of the department .

This initial introduction was supplemented by texts and photographs of the 5th Thule Expedition to Arctic America currently of great topical significance .
this [first] introduction was supplemented by texts and photographs of the 5th thule expedition to arctic america currently of great topical significance .

The initial appointment is for one year but may be cancelled in the event of a serious breach of the guidelines set out in the Tutors ' Handbook .
the [first] appointment is for one year but may be cancelled in the event of a serious breach of the guidelines set out in the tutors ' handbook .

As most of the initial work is now completed , the additional work will be carried out by a reduced number of consultants .
as most of the [first] work is now completed , the additional work will be carried out by a reduced number of consultants .

‘ This reduces the time spent on training and saves duplication for people who have already completed as initial full-day Team .
‘ this reduces the time spent on training and saves duplication for people who have already completed as [first] full-day team .

After initial instruction , familiarisation and a detailed briefing , all were given a mock simulator practice . Then it was for real , and each of the surveyors were totally in control and flying solo through a flight , two landings and a take off !
after [first] instruction , familiarisation and a detailed briefing , all were given a mock simulator practice . then it was for real , and each of the surveyors were totally in control and flying solo through a flight , two landings and a take off !

Initial indications are that the treatment has had a marked effect , but a close eye will be kept on the situation , and regular reports made to the council .
[first] indications are that the treatment has had a marked effect , but a close eye will be kept on the situation , and regular reports made to the council .

Dialogues cover various business situations , including the initial exploratory meeting , the negotiation of a contract , the making of delivery arrangements and the investigation of export facilities .
dialogues cover various business situations , including the [first] exploratory meeting , the negotiation of a contract , the making of delivery arrangements and the investigation of export facilities .

After the initial three-week programme , line managers will ensure that the graduates ’ jobs offer real opportunities for learning while adding value to the business .
after the [first] three-week programme , line managers will ensure that the graduates ’ jobs offer real opportunities for learning while adding value to the business .

Initial reports from the site indicated that there had been some damage to buildings at the camp site , some distance from the gas plant , but that the plant itself remained unscathed .
[first] reports from the site indicated that there had been some damage to buildings at the camp site , some distance from the gas plant , but that the plant itself remained unscathed .

The higher skin damage measurement in the lower layer indicates that loss circulation material possibly was stuck in the producing rock , a condition that might have been caused by initial drilling operating practices , says Chris Drysdale , Well Evaluation group leader .
the higher skin damage measurement in the lower layer indicates that loss circulation material possibly was stuck in the producing rock , a condition that might have been caused by [first] drilling operating practices , says chris drysdale , well evaluation group leader .

By taking the computer processing offshore on to the survey boat — the Geco Resolution — for the first survey over a prospect in Block 6 , the seismic team were able to collapse the serial process of acquisition , processing and initial interpretation , to a parallel process .
by taking the computer processing offshore on to the survey boat — the geco resolution — for the first survey over a prospect in block 6 , the seismic team were able to collapse the serial process of acquisition , processing and [first] interpretation , to a parallel process .

These initial submissions were considered by the Advanced Courses Policy Sub-Committee .
these [first] submissions were considered by the advanced courses policy sub-committee .

An initial meeting was held at Napier College on Wednesday 30 November with representatives from all the colleges currently offering the Higher National Diploma in Hotel , Catering and Institutional Management .
an [first] meeting was held at napier college on wednesday 30 november with representatives from all the colleges currently offering the higher national diploma in hotel , catering and institutional management .

initial interview between the candidate and a generalist counsellor ;
[first] interview between the candidate and a generalist counsellor ;

Insecticides used for control are designed to have a residual action which goes on killing cockroaches several months after the initial application .
insecticides used for control are designed to have a residual action which goes on killing cockroaches several months after the [first] application .

These can be quickly and effectively dealt with using electronic fly killers , or inspect screens — thus preventing initial entry , backed up by the detection and elimination of their breeding sites .
these can be quickly and effectively dealt with using electronic fly killers , or inspect screens — thus preventing [first] entry , backed up by the detection and elimination of their breeding sites .

Increasingly , plants are seen as an integral part of any office complex and are not something to be considered only during a refurbishment or initial build .
increasingly , plants are seen as an integral part of any office complex and are not something to be considered only during a refurbishment or [first] build .

Where a secondary collision occurs after an initial impact between two vehicles , this will be considered as one collision involving more than two vehicles irrespective of the extent of the time lapse between the two collisions , thus excluding the application of the Partial Indemnity Clause .
where a secondary collision occurs after an [first] impact between two vehicles , this will be considered as one collision involving more than two vehicles irrespective of the extent of the time lapse between the two collisions , thus excluding the application of the partial indemnity clause .

An excess is deductible for this section per person unless the claim is made for the initial holiday deposit only , in which case no excess applies .
an excess is deductible for this section per person unless the claim is made for the [first] holiday deposit only , in which case no excess applies .

If a claim is initially received under item 5 and weekly benefits have been paid for some time and the initial medical prognosis was poor , close attention should be paid to the possibility of a capital benefits claim being made .
if a claim is initially received under item 5 and weekly benefits have been paid for some time and the [first] medical prognosis was poor , close attention should be paid to the possibility of a capital benefits claim being made .

He was particularly pleased with the 25 per cent success rate of the initial sessions at Coalport , which started in November .
he was particularly pleased with the 25 per cent success rate of the [first] sessions at coalport , which started in november .

Recently up and running at the Minerva factory is a figurine casting machine and at the Eagle factory a new computer-controlled dust-press is in the initial stages of producing earthenware flatware .
recently up and running at the minerva factory is a figurine casting machine and at the eagle factory a new computer-controlled dust-press is in the [first] stages of producing earthenware flatware .

Phil Richens ' project engineering team — — has been instrumental in devising and overseeing every phase of this technical development programme , from initial planning and purchasing through to installation logistics , commissioning and testing .
phil richens ' project engineering team — — has been instrumental in devising and overseeing every phase of this technical development programme , from [first] planning and purchasing through to installation logistics , commissioning and testing .

It , therefore , follows that if a claim is destined for settlement , the fact that a Summons or Initial Writ is served should not allow the insurer to be deflected from that intention .
it , therefore , follows that if a claim is destined for settlement , the fact that a summons or [first] writ is served should not allow the insurer to be deflected from that intention .

One should attempt to avoid the situation where your own surgeon is instructed to prepare an initial Report some 12–24 months after the accident or as has been seen in some cases , up to four years after an accident .
one should attempt to avoid the situation where your own surgeon is instructed to prepare an [first] report some 12–24 months after the accident or as has been seen in some cases , up to four years after an accident .

The Summons in the Court of Session or the Initial Writ in the Sheriff Court is simply a statement of the facts upon which the pursuer relies and , on the basis upon which he says that the defenders are liable , coupled with details of the loss suffered .
the summons in the court of session or the [first] writ in the sheriff court is simply a statement of the facts upon which the pursuer relies and , on the basis upon which he says that the defenders are liable , coupled with details of the loss suffered .

From the defender 's point of view , the initial choice is between taking the case to Procedure Roll or agreeing to enquiry .
from the defender 's point of view , the [first] choice is between taking the case to procedure roll or agreeing to enquiry .

In practice , to date , pursuers ' agents by and large have tended to specify their case with as much detail as previously though there have been efforts , to date challenged successfully , to give a briefer outline not much different from the initial letter of claim .
in practice , to date , pursuers ' agents by and large have tended to specify their case with as much detail as previously though there have been efforts , to date challenged successfully , to give a briefer outline not much different from the [first] letter of claim .

It follows , therefore , that this contingency insurance will , subject to its terms and conditions , indemnify the bank/organisation in the event of a claim arising from an insured peril in respect of such properties where the original policy is found for some reason not to be sufficient to protect the bank's/organisation 's interest and so long as the bank/organisation took the initial step , inter alia , reasonably to satisfy itself that adequate insurance arrangements had been made by the mortgagor .
it follows , therefore , that this contingency insurance will , subject to its terms and conditions , indemnify the bank/organisation in the event of a claim arising from an insured peril in respect of such properties where the original policy is found for some reason not to be sufficient to protect the bank's/organisation 's interest and so long as the bank/organisation took the [first] step , inter alia , reasonably to satisfy itself that adequate insurance arrangements had been made by the mortgagor .

The initial approach should be made informally ; thereafter you may submit a written statement of your grievance .
the [first] approach should be made informally ; thereafter you may submit a written statement of your grievance .

initial response to enquiries about historic building repair grant within 21 working days
[first] response to enquiries about historic building repair grant within 21 working days

Staff , on the other hand , felt that they constantly tried to do this , both through formal mechanisms , like the initial meeting , nursery booklet , parents ' nights , and also informally , through chat .
staff , on the other hand , felt that they constantly tried to do this , both through formal mechanisms , like the [first] meeting , nursery booklet , parents ' nights , and also informally , through chat .

Two non-constituency Council seats were designated for financial services and for sole practitioner representation , and following a resolution at last year 's Annual General Meeting , the Society made an initial pump-priming grant to a newly formed sole practitioners ' group which subsequently achieved Law Society group status .
two non-constituency council seats were designated for financial services and for sole practitioner representation , and following a resolution at last year 's annual general meeting , the society made an [first] pump-priming grant to a newly formed sole practitioners ' group which subsequently achieved law society group status .

Apart from the managing director who , it is felt , should be at the initial meetings , which disciplines should be represented on the team will vary to some degree from industry to industry , according to Hardie .
apart from the managing director who , it is felt , should be at the [first] meetings , which disciplines should be represented on the team will vary to some degree from industry to industry , according to hardie .

The initial plan for development of the client care programme was in three stages : firstly 19 in-depth interviews were conducted with representatives drawn from a broad spectrum of Ernst & Young 's audit , tax and consulting client base spread through PLCs , owner-managed businesses and the public sector .
the [first] plan for development of the client care programme was in three stages : firstly 19 in-depth interviews were conducted with representatives drawn from a broad spectrum of ernst & young 's audit , tax and consulting client base spread through plcs , owner-managed businesses and the public sector .

Following this initial research , a questionnaire was designed for each of the core services of audit and tax which was sent to either the chief executive or finance director of 100 client companies .
following this [first] research , a questionnaire was designed for each of the core services of audit and tax which was sent to either the chief executive or finance director of 100 client companies .

‘ An initial contract may be for three years but we have to look further than that .
‘ an [first] contract may be for three years but we have to look further than that .

In the new company , Gardner Merchant Services Group , the managers have an initial eight per cent stake , with the prospect of up to 20 per cent if their performance over the next five years justifies it to the rest of the equity holders .
in the new company , gardner merchant services group , the managers have an [first] eight per cent stake , with the prospect of up to 20 per cent if their performance over the next five years justifies it to the rest of the equity holders .

The initial dialogue too , includes queries about when you wish to retire and what you require for breakfast .
the [first] dialogue too , includes queries about when you wish to retire and what you require for breakfast .

Initial findings of a survey on what were deemed unnecessary compliance costs in the direct tax system found that the collection of National Insurance Contributions was a major concern , the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales said .
[first] findings of a survey on what were deemed unnecessary compliance costs in the direct tax system found that the collection of national insurance contributions was a major concern , the institute of chartered accountants in england and wales said .

Without a theory ( meaning initial ideas about what is going on ) there is no basis for deciding what information may be relevant .
without a theory ( meaning [first] ideas about what is going on ) there is no basis for deciding what information may be relevant .

An initial working party , made up of representatives of all sections of the industry , was established in conjunction with Industry Matters to address the issues which have led to the perception of the industry as an unattractive career option .
an [first] working party , made up of representatives of all sections of the industry , was established in conjunction with industry matters to address the issues which have led to the perception of the industry as an unattractive career option .

For an initial period ( usually up to 12 months but up to 2 years for some people ) , your line manager will closely monitor your progress .
for an [first] period ( usually up to 12 months but up to 2 years for some people ) , your line manager will closely monitor your progress .

9 per cent of initial claim enquiries not to be pursued as new claims
9 per cent of [first] claim enquiries not to be pursued as new claims

9 per cent of initial claim enquiries not to be pursued as claims
9 per cent of [first] claim enquiries not to be pursued as claims

Sue : What are your initial reactions to the new measures , Roger ?
sue : what are your [first] reactions to the new measures , roger ?

Without a theory ( meaning initial ideas about what is going on ) there is no basis for deciding what information may be relevant .
without a theory ( meaning [first] ideas about what is going on ) there is no basis for deciding what information may be relevant .

The enclosed paper is an initial attempt to list those aspects of transport services which might be included in such an audit , in order to begin progress in this area .
the enclosed paper is an [first] attempt to list those aspects of transport services which might be included in such an audit , in order to begin progress in this area .

The Structure Plan Review ( to 2005 ) , under preparation , will not achieve significant levels of materiality until well after the initial Consultative Draft stage , indeed , until Lothian Regional Council has publicly determined its support for the premises , assumptions , forecasts , policies and proposals developed through the public participation process and subsequently supported by the Director of Planning .
the structure plan review ( to 2005 ) , under preparation , will not achieve significant levels of materiality until well after the [first] consultative draft stage , indeed , until lothian regional council has publicly determined its support for the premises , assumptions , forecasts , policies and proposals developed through the public participation process and subsequently supported by the director of planning .

The first consultative draft and Structure Plan Review is not yet at hand , ie there is no indication of the officials ' initial views as to what scale of additional development should be addressed and what strategies should be adopted to guide location and timing in the period to 2005 .
the first consultative draft and structure plan review is not yet at hand , ie there is no indication of the officials ' [first] views as to what scale of additional development should be addressed and what strategies should be adopted to guide location and timing in the period to 2005 .

But this contentment is short lived as we begin to discover the true personalities of the characters and the realities which exist behind their initial pleasant façe .
but this contentment is short lived as we begin to discover the true personalities of the characters and the realities which exist behind their [first] pleasant façe .

He hates him for being the initial cause of his mother 's addiction and also the receiver of most of her attention .
he hates him for being the [first] cause of his mother 's addiction and also the receiver of most of her attention .

Initial reports indicated hundreds had been killed when a military unit had been stoned by a hungry and unruly mob .
[first] reports indicated hundreds had been killed when a military unit had been stoned by a hungry and unruly mob .

The initial radio message had beggared belief .
the [first] radio message had beggared belief .

The initial experiment went horribly wrong .
the [first] experiment went horribly wrong .

In most cases , this initial period will count towards the minimum period of study for the degree .
in most cases , this [first] period will count towards the minimum period of study for the degree .

Those who do not make satisfactory progress may be required to discontinue their studies after this initial period .
those who do not make satisfactory progress may be required to discontinue their studies after this [first] period .

If progress during this initial period is satisfactory , the student is then registered for the appropriate degree , e.g .
if progress during this [first] period is satisfactory , the student is then registered for the appropriate degree , e.g .

Prospective students are encouraged to make an initial proposal of their research work at the time of application .
prospective students are encouraged to make an [first] proposal of their research work at the time of application .

Applicants are registered in the first instance as supervised postgraduate students ; this initial period will count towards the minimum period of study for the degree .
applicants are registered in the first instance as supervised postgraduate students ; this [first] period will count towards the minimum period of study for the degree .

It is suitable for those beginning training in Radiology or with limited initial experience .
it is suitable for those beginning training in radiology or with limited [first] experience .

Four boards were created in 1978 — for in-service , undergraduate initial training postgraduate initial training , and further education , together with a range of specific panels for areas such as educational technology .
four boards were created in 1978 — for in-service , undergraduate [first] training postgraduate [first] training , and further education , together with a range of specific panels for areas such as educational technology .

The intake to initial teacher training in the colleges was 30,000 in 1975 .
the intake to [first] teacher training in the colleges was 30,000 in 1975 .

Each member of the visiting party , which was chaired by Edwin Kerr , reported back to the group on separate initial discussions with the faculties these were in some disarray .
each member of the visiting party , which was chaired by edwin kerr , reported back to the group on separate [first] discussions with the faculties these were in some disarray .

Improvement of the procedures for the initial approval of courses .
improvement of the procedures for the [first] approval of courses .

The chimpanzee in the laboratory would be unlikely to solve the box-stick-and-banana problem if it had no initial interest in the bananas .
the chimpanzee in the laboratory would be unlikely to solve the box-stick-and-banana problem if it had no [first] interest in the bananas .

An initial answer might be : by means of identification .
an [first] answer might be : by means of identification .

In his discussion of the problem in ‘ Mourning and Melancholia ’ Freud offers the initial hypothesis that mania is to be understood as a state in which the ego appears to have got over its loss of the object with the consequence that the instinctual drives previously fixated on it are now liberated — giving rise to the boundless energy and enthusiasm of the manic condition .
in his discussion of the problem in ‘ mourning and melancholia ’ freud offers the [first] hypothesis that mania is to be understood as a state in which the ego appears to have got over its loss of the object with the consequence that the instinctual drives previously fixated on it are now liberated — giving rise to the boundless energy and enthusiasm of the manic condition .

In this case we find a culture which has not evolved beyond the initial , hunter-gatherer stage and which , furthermore , does not appear to have been contaminated by contact with cultures which had done so — at least , until the coming of white men .
in this case we find a culture which has not evolved beyond the [first] , hunter-gatherer stage and which , furthermore , does not appear to have been contaminated by contact with cultures which had done so — at least , until the coming of white men .

The Department of Chemistry was the first building of the initial development — mid 1920s to 1930s ; subsequent further expansion took place in the 1950s and 1960s .
the department of chemistry was the first building of the [first] development — mid 1920s to 1930s ; subsequent further expansion took place in the 1950s and 1960s .

( After the initial period future bills will be for the normal 13-weeks . )
( after the [first] period future bills will be for the normal 13-weeks . )

Calculating that the kidnappers might use the same initial rendezvous , Zen had informed Bartocci , who had authorized a phone-tap .
calculating that the kidnappers might use the same [first] rendezvous , zen had informed bartocci , who had authorized a phone-tap .

In spite of Tracey 's assurance , the library was not easy to find ; after the initial good start , it was signposted only intermittently , and at the end of one corridor she was left to guess .
in spite of tracey 's assurance , the library was not easy to find ; after the [first] good start , it was signposted only intermittently , and at the end of one corridor she was left to guess .

After an initial flurry of outraged interest from male English dons and undergraduates , it had gone on to be studiously ignored by them .
after an [first] flurry of outraged interest from male english dons and undergraduates , it had gone on to be studiously ignored by them .

Heater probe may be less effective , however , than epinephrine injection in the initial control of active haemorrhage .
heater probe may be less effective , however , than epinephrine injection in the [first] control of active haemorrhage .

Rebleeding — bloody gastric aspirate , haematemesis or melaenas while in the hospital , after initial control of bleeding , and the stools had become normal .
rebleeding — bloody gastric aspirate , haematemesis or melaenas while in the hospital , after [first] control of bleeding , and the stools had become normal .

If dysphagia recurred after adequate initial dilatation , the stricture was dilated again up to 15 mm .
if dysphagia recurred after adequate [first] dilatation , the stricture was dilated again up to 15 mm .

Initial dilatation was adequate in 93.6 % of patients with corrosive strictures and this success rate was comparable with that of the peptic stricture group ( 100 % , p > 0.05 ) .
[first] dilatation was adequate in 93.6 % of patients with corrosive strictures and this success rate was comparable with that of the peptic stricture group ( 100 % , p > 0.05 ) .

Long term success after adequate initial dilatation was studied in 36 patients with corrosive strictures ( mean follow up 32.36 ( 17.12 ) months , range 6–60 ) and 33 patients with peptic strictures ( mean follow up 36.32 ( 17.9 ) months , range 6–60 ) .
long term success after adequate [first] dilatation was studied in 36 patients with corrosive strictures ( mean follow up 32.36 ( 17.12 ) months , range 6–60 ) and 33 patients with peptic strictures ( mean follow up 36.32 ( 17.9 ) months , range 6–60 ) .

The natural hstory of these patients after adequate initial dilatation is not known , however ; there is no information on the long term success of dilatation .
the natural hstory of these patients after adequate [first] dilatation is not known , however ; there is no information on the long term success of dilatation .

After adequate initial dilatation ( 15 mm ) , patients were instructed to attend for follow up at six to eight week intervals , or earlier in case of a recurrence of dysphagia .
after adequate [first] dilatation ( 15 mm ) , patients were instructed to attend for follow up at six to eight week intervals , or earlier in case of a recurrence of dysphagia .

Five of 52 patients with corrosive strictures were lost to follow up before adequate initial dilatation could be done and have therefore been excluded from the analysis .
five of 52 patients with corrosive strictures were lost to follow up before adequate [first] dilatation could be done and have therefore been excluded from the analysis .

Although corrosive strictures were very often multiple , long , and tight , initial adequate dilatation with complete relief of symptoms was achieved in most patients ( 93.6 % ) .
although corrosive strictures were very often multiple , long , and tight , [first] adequate dilatation with complete relief of symptoms was achieved in most patients ( 93.6 % ) .

Ideally the initial investigation should be total colonoscopy as this will not only examine for malignant lesions but offers an opportunity to assess the mucosa for angiodysplasia .
ideally the [first] investigation should be total colonoscopy as this will not only examine for malignant lesions but offers an opportunity to assess the mucosa for angiodysplasia .

Initial investigations including colonoscopy or sigmoidoscopy and barium enema and upper gastrointestinal endoscopy with duodenal biopsy will establish a cause for the anaemia in 80 % of patients .
[first] investigations including colonoscopy or sigmoidoscopy and barium enema and upper gastrointestinal endoscopy with duodenal biopsy will establish a cause for the anaemia in 80 % of patients .

In Bleich and colleagues ' study of tissue plasminogen activator ( tPA ) with or without intravenous heparin , the initial angiogram showed coronary patency in a higher proportion of patients who received heparin ( 71 vs 43 % , p=0.015 ) , but there was no significant effect on rates of recurrent ischaemia or reocclusion in the week after infarction .
in bleich and colleagues ' study of tissue plasminogen activator ( tpa ) with or without intravenous heparin , the [first] angiogram showed coronary patency in a higher proportion of patients who received heparin ( 71 vs 43 % , p=0.015 ) , but there was no significant effect on rates of recurrent ischaemia or reocclusion in the week after infarction .

Sudden death can occur with the initial syncopal episode , but is more common after several such episodes .
sudden death can occur with the [first] syncopal episode , but is more common after several such episodes .

Fitzwilliam 's initial link with Gloucester can be traced .
fitzwilliam 's [first] link with gloucester can be traced .

In all control and spinal patients studied , there was an initial increase in external anal sphincter electromyographic activity on insertion of the anorectal tube which then declined in concert with the anal pressure to reach a stable baseline .
in all control and spinal patients studied , there was an [first] increase in external anal sphincter electromyographic activity on insertion of the anorectal tube which then declined in concert with the anal pressure to reach a stable baseline .

Normal subjects experienced a range of sensations during inflation of a rectal balloon , starting with an initial perception at volumes of around 10 ml and ranging through sensations of wind and desire to defecate to pain when the inflation was stopped .
normal subjects experienced a range of sensations during inflation of a rectal balloon , starting with an [first] perception at volumes of around 10 ml and ranging through sensations of wind and desire to defecate to pain when the inflation was stopped .

In normal subjects , rectal distension at lower volumes induced an initial pressure rise followed by a plateau , but at higher distending volumes ( > 60 ml ) two normal subjects showed repetitive rectal contractions that were compensated for by increased external anal sphincter activity ( Fig 7 ) .
in normal subjects , rectal distension at lower volumes induced an [first] pressure rise followed by a plateau , but at higher distending volumes ( > 60 ml ) two normal subjects showed repetitive rectal contractions that were compensated for by increased external anal sphincter activity ( fig 7 ) .

After an initial slice selection procedure , the nuclear magnetic resonance signal is subjected simultaneously to two modulated magnetic field gradients .
after an [first] slice selection procedure , the nuclear magnetic resonance signal is subjected simultaneously to two modulated magnetic field gradients .

The initial data sampling period is typically 128 ms for abdominal images .
the [first] data sampling period is typically 128 ms for abdominal images .

The ability to visualise the stomach in the fed state may help to increase our knowledge of gastric function , especially in tracing the passage of gastric chyme during the initial stages of digestion .
the ability to visualise the stomach in the fed state may help to increase our knowledge of gastric function , especially in tracing the passage of gastric chyme during the [first] stages of digestion .

Despite this initial success the popularity of exfoliative cytology declined because of occasional reporting of false positive results , caused by degenerative cellular changes in the duodenal juice .
despite this [first] success the popularity of exfoliative cytology declined because of occasional reporting of false positive results , caused by degenerative cellular changes in the duodenal juice .

In addition all patients in whom a histological diagnosis was not obtained at the initial admission to hospital had follow up information obtained by consultation with their general practitioners .
in addition all patients in whom a histological diagnosis was not obtained at the [first] admission to hospital had follow up information obtained by consultation with their general practitioners .

At percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography bile is often sampled on initial puncture of the liver at a site distant from the stricture whereas at endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography sampling is usually carried out at the site of the stricture after it has been disrupted by insertion of an endoprosthesis .
at percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography bile is often sampled on [first] puncture of the liver at a site distant from the stricture whereas at endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography sampling is usually carried out at the site of the stricture after it has been disrupted by insertion of an endoprosthesis .

Uncontrollable bleeding during the initial course of sclerotherapy ;
uncontrollable bleeding during the [first] course of sclerotherapy ;

The major objective of the trial was concerned with the long term management of patients after their initial variceal bleeds .
the major objective of the trial was concerned with the long term management of patients after their [first] variceal bleeds .

In otder to minimise the influence of complications from the initial bleed , patients were only considered to be eligible for entry into the trial once they were stable with no evidence of any bleeding for five days and also no evidence of any other destabilising medical conditions ( such as septicaemia and renal failure ) .
in otder to minimise the influence of complications from the [first] bleed , patients were only considered to be eligible for entry into the trial once they were stable with no evidence of any bleeding for five days and also no evidence of any other destabilising medical conditions ( such as septicaemia and renal failure ) .

It can be seen that there is an initial 20 % mortality during the first three months in those randomised to surgery , with virtually no further deaths occurring during the next 24 months .
it can be seen that there is an [first] 20 % mortality during the first three months in those randomised to surgery , with virtually no further deaths occurring during the next 24 months .

In the short term patients randomised to surgery clearly did worse because of an initial mortality of 15 % in the immediate post operative period ( up to one month ) .
in the short term patients randomised to surgery clearly did worse because of an [first] mortality of 15 % in the immediate post operative period ( up to one month ) .

Such is the cost of the initial surgical admission that even if the surgical patients incurred no further costs at all after discharge from hospital it would be five years before the cumulative expenditure associated with sclerotherapy reached that of the operation .
such is the cost of the [first] surgical admission that even if the surgical patients incurred no further costs at all after discharge from hospital it would be five years before the cumulative expenditure associated with sclerotherapy reached that of the operation .

The time interval between surgery and rebleeding was very variable , in one case occurring over four years after the initial operation .
the time interval between surgery and rebleeding was very variable , in one case occurring over four years after the [first] operation .

The main findings of this study can be summarised as follows : ( 1 ) patients with adenomatous colorectal polyps generally showed a significant increase in the cytoproliferative activity of the most superficial portions of the rectal crypts compared with controls ; ( b ) this difference was primarily the result of an appreciable upward shift of replicating cells in patients destined to suffer from recurrent polyps ; the proliferative pattern of patients whose polyps did not recur after initial polypectomies were essentially similar to those of controls ; ( c ) the proliferative pattern of flat rectal mucosa did not change appreciably during the follow up period regardless of whether polyps recurred or not .
the main findings of this study can be summarised as follows : ( 1 ) patients with adenomatous colorectal polyps generally showed a significant increase in the cytoproliferative activity of the most superficial portions of the rectal crypts compared with controls ; ( b ) this difference was primarily the result of an appreciable upward shift of replicating cells in patients destined to suffer from recurrent polyps ; the proliferative pattern of patients whose polyps did not recur after [first] polypectomies were essentially similar to those of controls ; ( c ) the proliferative pattern of flat rectal mucosa did not change appreciably during the follow up period regardless of whether polyps recurred or not .

In patients with obstructive jaundice secondary to extrahepatic bile duct obstruction , about one third have a focal lesion detected on initial ultrasound and about two thirds on computed tomography .
in patients with obstructive jaundice secondary to extrahepatic bile duct obstruction , about one third have a focal lesion detected on [first] ultrasound and about two thirds on computed tomography .

Whether this lesion should be biopsied percutaneously at the time of initial imaging remains controversial .
whether this lesion should be biopsied percutaneously at the time of [first] imaging remains controversial .

Initial studies , however , suggest the technique is safe and effective .
[first] studies , however , suggest the technique is safe and effective .

Initial response and subsequent course of Crohn 's disease treated with elemental diet or prednisolone
[first] response and subsequent course of crohn 's disease treated with elemental diet or prednisolone

After the initial four weeks , patients treated with prednisolone were withdrawn from this drug over a further period of 6.5 ( 2.4 ) weeks .
after the [first] four weeks , patients treated with prednisolone were withdrawn from this drug over a further period of 6.5 ( 2.4 ) weeks .

The transhepatic parenchymal tract was subsequently dilated wth an 8 mm angioplasty balloon ; on initial inflation a characteristic sharp waste related to the dense periportal fibrosis was seen ( Fig 3 ) .
the transhepatic parenchymal tract was subsequently dilated wth an 8 mm angioplasty balloon ; on [first] inflation a characteristic sharp waste related to the dense periportal fibrosis was seen ( fig 3 ) .

Patients transferred after initial diagnosis elsewhere and patients referred for consultation only were excluded .
patients transferred after [first] diagnosis elsewhere and patients referred for consultation only were excluded .

This study presents data on both the initial presentation and the long term clinical course of childhood Crohn 's disease .
this study presents data on both the [first] presentation and the long term clinical course of childhood crohn 's disease .

One third of the patients had only mild symptoms after the initial treatment of their disease .
one third of the patients had only mild symptoms after the [first] treatment of their disease .

More important , however , is the occasional presence of an initial relatively symptom free period , which can mislead the clinician .
more important , however , is the occasional presence of an [first] relatively symptom free period , which can mislead the clinician .

We have advocated initial endoscopic stenting for bile duct strictures after open cholecystectomy .
we have advocated [first] endoscopic stenting for bile duct strictures after open cholecystectomy .

Initial laser treatment had been successful and bowel symptoms were well controlled for the first two months after radiotherapy in all patients .
[first] laser treatment had been successful and bowel symptoms were well controlled for the first two months after radiotherapy in all patients .

The chronic response occurs when the initial increase in cell proliferation fails to compensate for the cell loss .
the chronic response occurs when the [first] increase in cell proliferation fails to compensate for the cell loss .

As has been suggested in some other epithelial cancers the oesophageal stem cells are possibly the initial target for carcinogens and therefore these cells in particular require urgent study in the future as this disease is increasing dramatically in the western world .
as has been suggested in some other epithelial cancers the oesophageal stem cells are possibly the [first] target for carcinogens and therefore these cells in particular require urgent study in the future as this disease is increasing dramatically in the western world .

The Dissertation includes an initial project on an actual company-based issue .
the dissertation includes an [first] project on an actual company-based issue .

On the Canterbury estates , the initial period of leasing from 1380 to 1440 was followed by a time when it was harder to secure tenants , but after about 1490 there was some recovery in revenues and evidence that there was competition for leases ( 80 , pp.79 , 86 ) .
on the canterbury estates , the [first] period of leasing from 1380 to 1440 was followed by a time when it was harder to secure tenants , but after about 1490 there was some recovery in revenues and evidence that there was competition for leases ( 80 , pp.79 , 86 ) .

Undoubtedly the risings were connected with each other in so far as the news of the initial outbreak in Essex seems to have sparked off further unrest in adjacent counties , and later in more remote parts , and it is certain that the general circumstances of the time created an atmosphere which was ripe for revolt , but the differences of aim among the different groups of rebels suggest that each had its own grievances which it hoped to right by force .
undoubtedly the risings were connected with each other in so far as the news of the [first] outbreak in essex seems to have sparked off further unrest in adjacent counties , and later in more remote parts , and it is certain that the general circumstances of the time created an atmosphere which was ripe for revolt , but the differences of aim among the different groups of rebels suggest that each had its own grievances which it hoped to right by force .

The initial ruthlessness of the authorities was soon moderated , and pardons were granted to most of the participants in the rising , but sporadic disorder continued after 1381 , although it was no longer a serious threat to society and government .
the [first] ruthlessness of the authorities was soon moderated , and pardons were granted to most of the participants in the rising , but sporadic disorder continued after 1381 , although it was no longer a serious threat to society and government .

Initial evaluation of this agent 's thrombolytic properties in dogs gave discouraging results and further interest in the development of staphylokinase as a thrombolytic agent diminishes .
[first] evaluation of this agent 's thrombolytic properties in dogs gave discouraging results and further interest in the development of staphylokinase as a thrombolytic agent diminishes .

We believe that the initial rise is related to increased levels of xanthine oxidase that accumulate during the ischaemic phase after organ retrieval .
we believe that the [first] rise is related to increased levels of xanthine oxidase that accumulate during the ischaemic phase after organ retrieval .

The report from the accountant confirmed his initial impression that the business was worth investing in so he paid the accountants modest fee of £500 in full .
the report from the accountant confirmed his [first] impression that the business was worth investing in so he paid the accountants modest fee of £500 in full .

Commentary : The common size statements merely confirm what we have already suggested above from our initial analysis , i.e .
commentary : the common size statements merely confirm what we have already suggested above from our [first] analysis , i.e .

One patient had a good initial response ( PTHrP=11.0 ) and a poor response on retreatment ( PTHrP=21.0 ) ; another a poor response initially ( PTHrP=4.4 ) and a good response on retreatment ( PTHrP=8.3 ) .
one patient had a good [first] response ( pthrp=11.0 ) and a poor response on retreatment ( pthrp=21.0 ) ; another a poor response initially ( pthrp=4.4 ) and a good response on retreatment ( pthrp=8.3 ) .

At the initial visit patients were examined in good light , and naevi over the whole body were counted .
at the [first] visit patients were examined in good light , and naevi over the whole body were counted .

Dietary protein , together with the high activity levels that are characteristic of the illness , exert a nitrogen-sparing effect , and initial weight loss is due almost entirely to loss of adipose tissue .
dietary protein , together with the high activity levels that are characteristic of the illness , exert a nitrogen-sparing effect , and [first] weight loss is due almost entirely to loss of adipose tissue .

Initial interview with the specialist
[first] interview with the specialist

The patient is often accompanied by a relative or friend , and it is wise to include that person in the initial discussion since the patient may attempt to dismiss or deny the problem .
the patient is often accompanied by a relative or friend , and it is wise to include that person in the [first] discussion since the patient may attempt to dismiss or deny the problem .

Fluoxetine , the serotoninergic reuptake blocker , is a safe alternative , but its onset of action is slow and it may cause an initial increase in anxiety .
fluoxetine , the serotoninergic reuptake blocker , is a safe alternative , but its onset of action is slow and it may cause an [first] increase in anxiety .

However , its initial goals are to encourage expression of feelings and the tolerance of uncertainty and change ; to promote a realistic appraisal of personal strengths and weaknesses ; to help with separation and individuation ; and to provide a secure relationship that nevertheless allows the patient to develop independently .
however , its [first] goals are to encourage expression of feelings and the tolerance of uncertainty and change ; to promote a realistic appraisal of personal strengths and weaknesses ; to help with separation and individuation ; and to provide a secure relationship that nevertheless allows the patient to develop independently .

During this initial phase of hospital admission it is common practice to administer prophylactic antiarrhythmic drug therapy , usually lignocaine or procainamide , for 36–48 h .
during this [first] phase of hospital admission it is common practice to administer prophylactic antiarrhythmic drug therapy , usually lignocaine or procainamide , for 36–48 h .

On the supply side , it is noted in Table 9–1 that high initial income and wealth offer better access to information and financial markets , making the rate of interest different for different groups of individuals in society .
on the supply side , it is noted in table 9–1 that high [first] income and wealth offer better access to information and financial markets , making the rate of interest different for different groups of individuals in society .

9–13 shows an initial equilibrium at 1 on 10 , where the individual is assumed simply to face the wage rate implied by the slope of .
9–13 shows an [first] equilibrium at 1 on 10 , where the individual is assumed simply to face the wage rate implied by the slope of .

In the following analysis an initial budget line ( 12 in Fig .
in the following analysis an [first] budget line ( 12 in fig .

This reduces the initial cost of the service from central government .
this reduces the [first] cost of the service from central government .

Hence public debt , irrespective of whether it is domestic or foreign owned , involves a cost-influencing choice : at the time the decision is made ‘ forgone opportunities are experienced ’ ( p. 182 ) , but this has ‘ no connection with the fact that resources are used up in the initial period ’ ( p. 182 ) .
hence public debt , irrespective of whether it is domestic or foreign owned , involves a cost-influencing choice : at the time the decision is made ‘ forgone opportunities are experienced ’ ( p. 182 ) , but this has ‘ no connection with the fact that resources are used up in the [first] period ’ ( p. 182 ) .

Carrington , on initial training in London , gleaned snippets from his colleagues , and from Desmond Morton ; who remained clubbable and generous as long as there was gin in evidence .
carrington , on [first] training in london , gleaned snippets from his colleagues , and from desmond morton ; who remained clubbable and generous as long as there was gin in evidence .

It is recognised however that some reference to a version may be worthwhile , in that the producer of a module may well have been using a specific version of a referenced module during initial design .
it is recognised however that some reference to a version may be worthwhile , in that the producer of a module may well have been using a specific version of a referenced module during [first] design .

The order of the initial keywords in the header is fixed .
the order of the [first] keywords in the header is fixed .

Certain initial keywords have corresponding closing keywords ; e.g .
certain [first] keywords have corresponding closing keywords ; e.g .

It is not recommended that the software be re-modularised prior to its initial entry .
it is not recommended that the software be re-modularised prior to its [first] entry .

This option consists of six pages , an initial page and :
this option consists of six pages , an [first] page and :

This option consists of six pages , an initial page and :
this option consists of six pages , an [first] page and :

The option consists of five pages , an initial page and
the option consists of five pages , an [first] page and

The option consists of five pages , an initial page and :
the option consists of five pages , an [first] page and :

The option consists of three pages , an initial page and
the option consists of three pages , an [first] page and

An example of the initial page of this option is shown in figure 8.9 .
an example of the [first] page of this option is shown in figure 8.9 .

An example of the initial page of this option is shown in figure 8.14 .
an example of the [first] page of this option is shown in figure 8.14 .

The option consists of two pages : an initial page which allows you to select the mail messages you wish to inspect , and a second page which allows you to inspect each mail message , page by page .
the option consists of two pages : an [first] page which allows you to select the mail messages you wish to inspect , and a second page which allows you to inspect each mail message , page by page .

An example of the initial page is shown in figure 10.3 .
an example of the [first] page is shown in figure 10.3 .

However , as you inspect the marked messages , you may return to the initial page in order to check how many more messages are to be processed .
however , as you inspect the marked messages , you may return to the [first] page in order to check how many more messages are to be processed .

The option consists of two pages : an initial page which allows you to view the titles of the mail messages you will be inspecting , and a second page which allows you to inspect each mail message , page by page .
the option consists of two pages : an [first] page which allows you to view the titles of the mail messages you will be inspecting , and a second page which allows you to inspect each mail message , page by page .

An example of the initial page is shown in figure 10.5 .
an example of the [first] page is shown in figure 10.5 .

However , as you inspect the marked messages , you may return to the initial page in order to check how many more messages are to be processed .
however , as you inspect the marked messages , you may return to the [first] page in order to check how many more messages are to be processed .

However , as you inspect the marked messages , you may return to the initial page in order to check how many more messages are to be processed .
however , as you inspect the marked messages , you may return to the [first] page in order to check how many more messages are to be processed .

The order of the initial keywords in the header is fixed .
the order of the [first] keywords in the header is fixed .

Certain initial keywords have corresponding closing keywords ; e.g .
certain [first] keywords have corresponding closing keywords ; e.g .

The family historian 's initial task of tracing his ancestors back through the nineteenth century is relatively straightforward , thanks to the information provided by civil registration certificates and census returns and by standardized Church of England registers .
the family historian 's [first] task of tracing his ancestors back through the nineteenth century is relatively straightforward , thanks to the information provided by civil registration certificates and census returns and by standardized church of england registers .

Its initial success came chiefly in the traditional Dissenting districts , but by the beginning of Victoria 's reign it attracted people of all social backgrounds in almost every type of community except the estate village .
its [first] success came chiefly in the traditional dissenting districts , but by the beginning of victoria 's reign it attracted people of all social backgrounds in almost every type of community except the estate village .

When the state of a system is altered , the change in any state function depends only on the initial and final states of the system .
when the state of a system is altered , the change in any state function depends only on the [first] and final states of the system .

Thus we can see how the isolation of the Tsar and the grievances of the masses , especially after the Russia 's loss in the Russo-Japanese war ( which severely aggravated poverty and hardship ) forced the peasants and workers to widen their initial economic grievances into demands for political change .
thus we can see how the isolation of the tsar and the grievances of the masses , especially after the russia 's loss in the russo-japanese war ( which severely aggravated poverty and hardship ) forced the peasants and workers to widen their [first] economic grievances into demands for political change .

attention decrement : subjects may ‘ hold on ’ to initial words because they get distracted or bored when they are asked to process sequential information , hence they do n't pay attention to later words .
attention decrement : subjects may ‘ hold on ’ to [first] words because they get distracted or bored when they are asked to process sequential information , hence they do n't pay attention to later words .

Alternatively , subjects might selectively attend to initial information and ignore later , incompatible information .
alternatively , subjects might selectively attend to [first] information and ignore later , incompatible information .

Hence , when judging a person we pay more attention to initial information and discount the later information as being due to the situation ( especially where later information is incompatible with early information ) .
hence , when judging a person we pay more attention to [first] information and discount the later information as being due to the situation ( especially where later information is incompatible with early information ) .

assimilation : it is argued that initial information sets up expectancies about a person .
assimilation : it is argued that [first] information sets up expectancies about a person .

Hence , subsequent studies manipulated things like the degree of incompatibility between initial and later adjectives and the instructions to subjects ( e.g .
hence , subsequent studies manipulated things like the degree of incompatibility between [first] and later adjectives and the instructions to subjects ( e.g .

In the accounts of first meetings , the subjects generally described the situation , physical appearance and attractiveness ( the first meetings described were often with members of the opposite sex ) , details of the initial conversation , comparisons of the person with oneself , and reaction of the other person to themselves .
in the accounts of first meetings , the subjects generally described the situation , physical appearance and attractiveness ( the first meetings described were often with members of the opposite sex ) , details of the [first] conversation , comparisons of the person with oneself , and reaction of the other person to themselves .

The physical aspects of the person seemed to be most important feature of the other person at initial meetings .
the physical aspects of the person seemed to be most important feature of the other person at [first] meetings .

Attention decrement can be compared to the order effect in cases where subjects ‘ hold on ’ to initial words and do n't pay attention to later words — ; ‘ tended to remember first 3 adjectives better than last 3 ’ .
attention decrement can be compared to the order effect in cases where subjects ‘ hold on ’ to [first] words and do n't pay attention to later words — ; ‘ tended to remember first 3 adjectives better than last 3 ’ .

In many cases , the latter variables were accounted for more than initial variables — ; ‘ first or last words were in many cases influential in my decision making process ’ and ‘ found that the last few adjectives had more influence especially if they reflected negative points of the personality ’ .
in many cases , the latter variables were accounted for more than [first] variables — ; ‘ first or last words were in many cases influential in my decision making process ’ and ‘ found that the last few adjectives had more influence especially if they reflected negative points of the personality ’ .

This means that the environment is often very important to the forming of an initial impression .
this means that the environment is often very important to the forming of an [first] impression .

This top quality upholstery range , woven in 100 % wool is currently in mid launch with an initial 500 pattern books being individually distributed by Sekers sales force to specifiers throughout the country .
this top quality upholstery range , woven in 100 % wool is currently in mid launch with an [first] 500 pattern books being individually distributed by sekers sales force to specifiers throughout the country .

He is shown , composed after the initial welcome shock , cutting his specially made cake .
he is shown , composed after the [first] welcome shock , cutting his specially made cake .

Apart from his initial training he has been a weaver all his time .
apart from his [first] training he has been a weaver all his time .

Initial reports suggest that visitor numbers were down on previous years , but that the quality of enquiry was high , helped by the positive reaction of visitors responding to specific areas of business on display .
[first] reports suggest that visitor numbers were down on previous years , but that the quality of enquiry was high , helped by the positive reaction of visitors responding to specific areas of business on display .

As some centres off the Diploma part-time over three years , some of thosestarting the initial course in 1990 will only complete in 1993 .
as some centres off the diploma part-time over three years , some of thosestarting the [first] course in 1990 will only complete in 1993 .

The initial stage in any carpet making is the treatment of the pile fibre : first it is blended , washed , dyed , then blended again to combine colours , and finally carded and spun into single yarns .
the [first] stage in any carpet making is the treatment of the pile fibre : first it is blended , washed , dyed , then blended again to combine colours , and finally carded and spun into single yarns .

The initial investment is recorded at cost and dividends are recorded as income when received .
the [first] investment is recorded at cost and dividends are recorded as income when received .

Capital may be either the initial capital outlay including working capital or the average capital employed over the life of the project .
capital may be either the [first] capital outlay including working capital or the average capital employed over the life of the project .

If this method is based on initial capital costs , it strongly favours long-term projects ( say , over ten years ) against short-term ones and those with good cash receipts in the early years .
if this method is based on [first] capital costs , it strongly favours long-term projects ( say , over ten years ) against short-term ones and those with good cash receipts in the early years .

If it is based on average capital costs , it favours short-term projects and those with large initial cash receipts against long-term projects .
if it is based on average capital costs , it favours short-term projects and those with large [first] cash receipts against long-term projects .

An appropriate calculation or formula for the amount of contingency required at any particular time should be agreed at the same time that the initial sire of the contingency is determined .
an appropriate calculation or formula for the amount of contingency required at any particular time should be agreed at the same time that the [first] sire of the contingency is determined .

Cloning produces large numbers of identical organisms for research purposes , such as the initial testing of new pesticides on plant species .
cloning produces large numbers of identical organisms for research purposes , such as the [first] testing of new pesticides on plant species .

Letters from the Iraqi government in May , which reportedly called for direct talks with Iran , apparently elicited some initial positive responses in Iran , but the initiative was overtaken by renewed controversy following the Arab League summit on May 28-30 in Baghdad , the Iraqi capital [ see p. 37473 ] .
letters from the iraqi government in may , which reportedly called for direct talks with iran , apparently elicited some [first] positive responses in iran , but the initiative was overtaken by renewed controversy following the arab league summit on may 28-30 in baghdad , the iraqi capital [ see p. 37473 ] .

The government on Dec. 6 , 1989 , launched an initial appeal for emergency food aid for 60,000 people , mainly in the north , the deteriorating situation being blamed on drought and crop disease , combined with the economic crisis [ see below ] .
the government on dec. 6 , 1989 , launched an [first] appeal for emergency food aid for 60,000 people , mainly in the north , the deteriorating situation being blamed on drought and crop disease , combined with the economic crisis [ see below ] .

The new regulations allowed for an initial warning to groups and individuals by the Minister of Home Affairs which , if unheeded , would be followed by heavy fines and terms of imprisonment .
the new regulations allowed for an [first] warning to groups and individuals by the minister of home affairs which , if unheeded , would be followed by heavy fines and terms of imprisonment .

Initial reports suggested that he had been poisoned , with the implication that it was a politically motivated killing .
[first] reports suggested that he had been poisoned , with the implication that it was a politically motivated killing .

London was chosen as the administrative headquarters , and Jacques Attali , formerly a special adviser to President Mitterrand of France , was elected president for an initial four-year term at a meeting in Paris on May 19 .
london was chosen as the administrative headquarters , and jacques attali , formerly a special adviser to president mitterrand of france , was elected president for an [first] four-year term at a meeting in paris on may 19 .

Iran 's relations with other West European countries began to improve a few months after the initial call by Ayatollah Khomeini for Rushdie 's death , although Rafsanjani 's statement in May 1989 advocating the killing of five Westerners for every Palestinian killed in the occupied territories [ see pp .
iran 's relations with other west european countries began to improve a few months after the [first] call by ayatollah khomeini for rushdie 's death , although rafsanjani 's statement in may 1989 advocating the killing of five westerners for every palestinian killed in the occupied territories [ see pp .

Oman 's first stock exchange started trading on May 20 , 1989 , with an initial listing of 48 local businesses .
oman 's first stock exchange started trading on may 20 , 1989 , with an [first] listing of 48 local businesses .

After initial orientation and docking difficulties the new uncrewed technical `` re-equipment `` module Kavant-2 , launched on Nov. 26 , 1989 , was added to the existing Mir structure on Dec. 6 .
after [first] orientation and docking difficulties the new uncrewed technical `` re-equipment `` module kavant-2 , launched on nov. 26 , 1989 , was added to the existing mir structure on dec. 6 .

Initial rescue efforts were hampered by a lack of heavy equipment and by landslides triggered by the initial earthquake .
[first] rescue efforts were hampered by a lack of heavy equipment and by landslides triggered by the [first] earthquake .

The initial coup had been triggered by the 1987 election victory of Labour Party and the ( predominantly Indian ) National Federation Party .
the [first] coup had been triggered by the 1987 election victory of labour party and the ( predominantly indian ) national federation party .

Presented on Nov. 28 and given a first reading on Dec. 1 , the new law had replaced an initial draft of Nov. 5 which had been immediately rejected .
presented on nov. 28 and given a first reading on dec. 1 , the new law had replaced an [first] draft of nov. 5 which had been immediately rejected .

The South 's initial response was to question the sincerity of Kim 's initiative and to dispute the existence of the `` concrete wall `` to which Kim had referred in his speech as `` the symbol of national division `` .
the south 's [first] response was to question the sincerity of kim 's initiative and to dispute the existence of the `` concrete wall `` to which kim had referred in his speech as `` the symbol of national division `` .

Since under Israeli law a minister 's dismissal only took effect 48 hours after the initial announcement was made , government politicians had sufficient time to reach a solution to the crisis .
since under israeli law a minister 's dismissal only took effect 48 hours after the [first] announcement was made , government politicians had sufficient time to reach a solution to the crisis .

The London conference approved an initial dollars 150,000,000 programme of pilot projects and studies , including detailed hydraulic investigation of some of the 55 rivers running through the country .
the london conference approved an [first] dollars 150,000,000 programme of pilot projects and studies , including detailed hydraulic investigation of some of the 55 rivers running through the country .

Its complement was to rise from the initial 3,000 to 4,200 ( ie full peacetime strength ) one year later .
its complement was to rise from the [first] 3,000 to 4,200 ( ie full peacetime strength ) one year later .

The agreement provided for the repayment over 10 years ( with an initial five-year grace period ) of ( i ) all interest and principal falling due between July 1 , 1988 , and Dec. 31 , 1989 , amounting to USdollars 685,000,000 ; and ( ii ) 80 per cent of principal outstanding from the 1983-88 period , amounting to dollars 255,000,000 .
the agreement provided for the repayment over 10 years ( with an [first] five-year grace period ) of ( i ) all interest and principal falling due between july 1 , 1988 , and dec. 31 , 1989 , amounting to usdollars 685,000,000 ; and ( ii ) 80 per cent of principal outstanding from the 1983-88 period , amounting to dollars 255,000,000 .

However , the initial response was extremely low-key , with some states not even mentioning the invasion and not one of them directly criticizing Iraq .
however , the [first] response was extremely low-key , with some states not even mentioning the invasion and not one of them directly criticizing iraq .

The United Kingdom , of all the Western countries the most strongly committed to supporting the US-dominated multinational force , announced on Aug. 9 that air support would include a Tornado squadron and surface-to-air missiles for Saudi Arabia and a ground-attack Jaguar fighter squadron for Oman ; ground forces were not ruled out , but the initial response was limited to the commitment of the Royal Signals Corps in Riyadh .
the united kingdom , of all the western countries the most strongly committed to supporting the us-dominated multinational force , announced on aug. 9 that air support would include a tornado squadron and surface-to-air missiles for saudi arabia and a ground-attack jaguar fighter squadron for oman ; ground forces were not ruled out , but the [first] response was limited to the commitment of the royal signals corps in riyadh .

Initial speculation that Iraq might launch a military attack on Turkey soon diminished .
[first] speculation that iraq might launch a military attack on turkey soon diminished .

The Security Council plan called for an initial ceasefire followed by phased disarmament .
the security council plan called for an [first] ceasefire followed by phased disarmament .

Initial reports that the local garrison of the ( Serb-dominated ) Yugoslav People 's Army had turned out to assist the Knin insurgents proved to be false ( on Aug. 14 Serbian National Council leader Jovan Raskovic had called for army protection should the referendum be prevented ) .
[first] reports that the local garrison of the ( serb-dominated ) yugoslav people 's army had turned out to assist the knin insurgents proved to be false ( on aug. 14 serbian national council leader jovan raskovic had called for army protection should the referendum be prevented ) .

The initial three-year sentences on two others was confirmed while the other person was freed .
the [first] three-year sentences on two others was confirmed while the other person was freed .

Initial Moscow reaction
[first] moscow reaction

Purely East German groupings such as the Alliance `` 90 , made up of many of the groups which had sparked initial resistance to the Honecker regime , found themselves unable to compete on equal terms .
purely east german groupings such as the alliance `` 90 , made up of many of the groups which had sparked [first] resistance to the honecker regime , found themselves unable to compete on equal terms .

Election results — Initial steps towards formation of new government
election results — [first] steps towards formation of new government

Since under Israeli law a minister 's dismissal or resignation only took effect 48 hours after the initial announcement was made , Shamir left just enough time to clear the Cabinet of Labour ministers before the Knesset vote .
since under israeli law a minister 's dismissal or resignation only took effect 48 hours after the [first] announcement was made , shamir left just enough time to clear the cabinet of labour ministers before the knesset vote .

As a result , for the first time in the history of East Germany the Communists were in a minority in the Council of Ministers [ for initial composition see p. 37025 ; for January 1990 changes see pp .
as a result , for the first time in the history of east germany the communists were in a minority in the council of ministers [ for [first] composition see p. 37025 ; for january 1990 changes see pp .

The vehicle may still be moving forward under the impact of the initial push , but if the source of the pushing is removed , how long will it continue in motion ?
the vehicle may still be moving forward under the impact of the [first] push , but if the source of the pushing is removed , how long will it continue in motion ?

James 's initial attempts to woo Dissenters and erstwhile Whigs , it is now being recognised , were more successful than we used to think .
james 's [first] attempts to woo dissenters and erstwhile whigs , it is now being recognised , were more successful than we used to think .

William of Orange , whatever his initial intentions might have been when coming to England , was now determined to obtain the English Crown for himself , and he secured James 's second , and this time enforced , removal from his Kingdom on 23 December .
william of orange , whatever his [first] intentions might have been when coming to england , was now determined to obtain the english crown for himself , and he secured james 's second , and this time enforced , removal from his kingdom on 23 december .

The initial function of the role is to pass on information that the Nazarenes will have to leave Nazareth for the Roman census .
the [first] function of the role is to pass on information that the nazarenes will have to leave nazareth for the roman census .

And as both issues and potential issuers of traditional domestic bonds have declined , so British institutional investors have had to overcome some initial reluctance and look to eurosterling issues as a source of non-gilt fixed-interest assets .
and as both issues and potential issuers of traditional domestic bonds have declined , so british institutional investors have had to overcome some [first] reluctance and look to eurosterling issues as a source of non-gilt fixed-interest assets .

Previous discussions had been inconclusive , and the initial response of the British cabinet in the autumn of 1950 was cool .
previous discussions had been inconclusive , and the [first] response of the british cabinet in the autumn of 1950 was cool .

Certainly the initial American response to this British emphasis on nuclear weapons was unenthusiastic .
certainly the [first] american response to this british emphasis on nuclear weapons was unenthusiastic .

As early as 31 July a presidential letter had bluntly warned the British prime minister that while `` initial military success might be easy … the eventual price might become far too heavy `` .
as early as 31 july a presidential letter had bluntly warned the british prime minister that while `` [first] military success might be easy … the eventual price might become far too heavy `` .

When a future is bought or sold , both buyer and seller deposit a sum of money called `` initial margin `` into a clearing member 's account at the clearing house .
when a future is bought or sold , both buyer and seller deposit a sum of money called `` [first] margin `` into a clearing member 's account at the clearing house .

Since the cash outlay on initial margin is only a small fraction of the value of the futures contract , price movements in the underlying asset have a magnified effect on this investment compared with a straight purchase of the underlying asset .
since the cash outlay on [first] margin is only a small fraction of the value of the futures contract , price movements in the underlying asset have a magnified effect on this investment compared with a straight purchase of the underlying asset .

On many exchanges , it is just the seller of the option who puts up initial margin , with the buyer simply paying the option premium at the outset .
on many exchanges , it is just the seller of the option who puts up [first] margin , with the buyer simply paying the option premium at the outset .

The Bank 's initial forecast and the factors behind it are made available at 9.45 a.m. each day , but revisions to the overall shortage may be made during the course of the day , typically being announced at noon and 2 p.m .
the bank 's [first] forecast and the factors behind it are made available at 9.45 a.m. each day , but revisions to the overall shortage may be made during the course of the day , typically being announced at noon and 2 p.m .

This technique may be used when the Bank is keen to produce a change in interest rates faster than that which could be obtained by waiting for bill offers to respond to an initial rejection of bids by the Bank : it was used more frequently in 1988 and 1989 , especially as a method of signalling the Bank 's desire to see higher short term interest rates .
this technique may be used when the bank is keen to produce a change in interest rates faster than that which could be obtained by waiting for bill offers to respond to an [first] rejection of bids by the bank : it was used more frequently in 1988 and 1989 , especially as a method of signalling the bank 's desire to see higher short term interest rates .

This always includes management , underwriting and selling of a bond issue , but may additionally entail arrangement of a swap , initial support for the price of the issue and an implicit commitment to make markets at a later stage .
this always includes management , underwriting and selling of a bond issue , but may additionally entail arrangement of a swap , [first] support for the price of the issue and an implicit commitment to make markets at a later stage .

Meanwhile , the invention of new financial instruments may enable an institution both to make initial gains by charging high fees and , by virtue of its developing expertise , to make longer term excess profits .
meanwhile , the invention of new financial instruments may enable an institution both to make [first] gains by charging high fees and , by virtue of its developing expertise , to make longer term excess profits .

There she wept for her sins and her tears washed away the blood ; The form in which this sermon harnesses the pressure of fear as well as the promise of comfort , provides a recognisable cultural context for the form of Margery Kempe 's initial vision of salvation and witnesses to the high esteem in which tears as a sign of spiritual grace were held in the fifteenth century .
there she wept for her sins and her tears washed away the blood ; the form in which this sermon harnesses the pressure of fear as well as the promise of comfort , provides a recognisable cultural context for the form of margery kempe 's [first] vision of salvation and witnesses to the high esteem in which tears as a sign of spiritual grace were held in the fifteenth century .

In chapter seven of The Form , leading his disciple on from the initial perspective of striving to order her inner life as if she should die tomorrow — a challenge which sets the adrenalin running and wonderfully sharpens awareness — he potently reminds her in terms of his own cultural coinage that the world is indeed `` charged with the grandeur of God `` by instructing her to see all her physical experience in terms of the sacrifice also offered at the Mass : By means of keeping in remembrance this little incantatory prayer at meals and indeed at all times not otherwise taken up with prayer or speech ( `` and thynk it noght anely whils etes , bot bath before and after , ay bot when prayes or spekes `` , 7.104.39 – 40 ) the disciple will maintain a constant perception of all aspects of sustaining life as a divine gift mysteriously available in time only through the processes of death and resurrection .
in chapter seven of the form , leading his disciple on from the [first] perspective of striving to order her inner life as if she should die tomorrow — a challenge which sets the adrenalin running and wonderfully sharpens awareness — he potently reminds her in terms of his own cultural coinage that the world is indeed `` charged with the grandeur of god `` by instructing her to see all her physical experience in terms of the sacrifice also offered at the mass : by means of keeping in remembrance this little incantatory prayer at meals and indeed at all times not otherwise taken up with prayer or speech ( `` and thynk it noght anely whils etes , bot bath before and after , ay bot when prayes or spekes `` , 7.104.39 – 40 ) the disciple will maintain a constant perception of all aspects of sustaining life as a divine gift mysteriously available in time only through the processes of death and resurrection .

Initial preconceptions are liable to prejudice the research in a way that does not affect the work of the naive stranger .
[first] preconceptions are liable to prejudice the research in a way that does not affect the work of the naive stranger .

Initial contact with acquisition targets
[first] contact with acquisition targets

The engagement letter need only be issued after , not before , an initial meeting where potential services are outlined .
the engagement letter need only be issued after , not before , an [first] meeting where potential services are outlined .

These would be distributed to suitable respondents to the initial advertisement and would generally contain brief details of the business including financial information but still not reveal the name of the vendor or company for sale .
these would be distributed to suitable respondents to the [first] advertisement and would generally contain brief details of the business including financial information but still not reveal the name of the vendor or company for sale .

an initial call to ascertain whether a business is for sale or a potential buyer is interested in the opportunity would appear to be permitted .
an [first] call to ascertain whether a business is for sale or a potential buyer is interested in the opportunity would appear to be permitted .

It is necessary , therefore , to be well prepared for the initial meeting . Useful and readily available key information on the business may include :
it is necessary , therefore , to be well prepared for the [first] meeting . useful and readily available key information on the business may include :

0502.22 The initial meeting
0502.22 the [first] meeting

The following issues should be covered in the initial meeting :
the following issues should be covered in the [first] meeting :

Initial suggestions for possible purchasers
[first] suggestions for possible purchasers

An aide memoire covering basic client data which should be obtained at an initial meeting is set out at 1109.1 .
an aide memoire covering basic client data which should be obtained at an [first] meeting is set out at 1109.1 .

The Investment Overview is an anonymous document which is used to arouse the initial interest of potential acquirers .
the investment overview is an anonymous document which is used to arouse the [first] interest of potential acquirers .

It is provided to a limited number of recipients who have entered into a confidentiality agreement and should enable potential acquirers to decide whether the business fits their acquisition criteria and whether to pursue their initial interest .
it is provided to a limited number of recipients who have entered into a confidentiality agreement and should enable potential acquirers to decide whether the business fits their acquisition criteria and whether to pursue their [first] interest .

Proof read the completed advertisement and have the partner initial it as confirmed
proof read the completed advertisement and have the partner [first] it as confirmed

The potential acquirors identified by the research process must be discussed with and approved by the client prior to the initial contact . It will also be necessary to establish with the client :
the potential acquirors identified by the research process must be discussed with and approved by the client prior to the [first] contact . it will also be necessary to establish with the client :

Companies not replying to the initial transmittal letter should be contacted only to establish if the letter has not been received , in which case a copy can be sent .
companies not replying to the [first] transmittal letter should be contacted only to establish if the letter has not been received , in which case a copy can be sent .

It should be noted , therefore , that the success fee is intended to compensate the Network member submitting the suggestion for identifying an original and successful prospective purchaser name and for handling the initial contact with the suggested prospective purchaser .
it should be noted , therefore , that the success fee is intended to compensate the network member submitting the suggestion for identifying an original and successful prospective purchaser name and for handling the [first] contact with the suggested prospective purchaser .

Initial suggestions of possible targets ( * ) .
[first] suggestions of possible targets ( * ) .

An aide-memoire for basic client data which should be obtained at an initial meeting is at 1109.1 .
an aide-memoire for basic client data which should be obtained at an [first] meeting is at 1109.1 .

We must then immediately write to every candidate which responded positively to our approach letter , either revealing our client 's identity and confirming its interest in a meeting or stating , regretfully , that due to other favourable responses , our client will not be able to pursue the initial interest .
we must then immediately write to every candidate which responded positively to our approach letter , either revealing our client 's identity and confirming its interest in a meeting or stating , regretfully , that due to other favourable responses , our client will not be able to pursue the [first] interest .

Whilst an anonymous approach is accepted practice , the purchaser should be advised of the negative features of this approach so that it can consider whether its need for initial anonymity is warranted .
whilst an anonymous approach is accepted practice , the purchaser should be advised of the negative features of this approach so that it can consider whether its need for [first] anonymity is warranted .

An earnout may help to continue to motivate the vendors and secure their services even after they have received the initial consideration .
an earnout may help to continue to motivate the vendors and secure their services even after they have received the [first] consideration .

The initial purchase consideration should reflect the present performance of the business .
the [first] purchase consideration should reflect the present performance of the business .

For example , they may be reluctant to develop new markets and products if these actions are likely to result in initial losses , unless the cost of such initiatives are ‘ added back ’ in the definition of earnout profits .
for example , they may be reluctant to develop new markets and products if these actions are likely to result in [first] losses , unless the cost of such initiatives are ‘ added back ’ in the definition of earnout profits .

Details of pre-sale dividends , repayment of balances due to vendors , initial consideration and deferred consideration .
details of pre-sale dividends , repayment of balances due to vendors , [first] consideration and deferred consideration .

Adjustments to initial consideration and deferred consideration depending on net assets and profits ( see below ) .
adjustments to [first] consideration and deferred consideration depending on net assets and profits ( see below ) .

In your initial contact with the participating member , identify the situation as a Request for Exclusive Acquisition Advice .
in your [first] contact with the participating member , identify the situation as a request for exclusive acquisition advice .

In this situation , an initiating member receives a request from a client in his country for assistance , to be provided by the participating member , in making initial contact with an acquisition target .
in this situation , an initiating member receives a request from a client in his country for assistance , to be provided by the participating member , in making [first] contact with an acquisition target .

In your initial contact with the participating member , identify the situation as Acquisition Target Contact Assistance .
in your [first] contact with the participating member , identify the situation as acquisition target contact assistance .

In your initial contact with the participating member , identify the situation as an Acquisition Research Case
in your [first] contact with the participating member , identify the situation as an acquisition research case

The first stage of a divestiture search is often a pricing analysis , designed to advise the client on the initial asking price for the business .
the first stage of a divestiture search is often a pricing analysis , designed to advise the client on the [first] asking price for the business .

In cases where the price is difficult to establish , a pricing analysis should only be carried out if a valuation of the business has been undertaken , since it will not be possible to advise on an initial asking price unless a reasonable estimate of the current market value can be established .
in cases where the price is difficult to establish , a pricing analysis should only be carried out if a valuation of the business has been undertaken , since it will not be possible to advise on an [first] asking price unless a reasonable estimate of the current market value can be established .

These fundamental initial considerations or ‘ building blocks ’ ( developed by Roy Nicholson ) are applicable to all valuation engagements and enable a skeleton of the valuation to be developed at an early stage :
these fundamental [first] considerations or ‘ building blocks ’ ( developed by roy nicholson ) are applicable to all valuation engagements and enable a skeleton of the valuation to be developed at an early stage :

Under section 104 of the Companies Act 1985 a public company may not , in a defined initial period , enter into an agreement with a subscriber to the company 's memorandum for the transfer of one or more non-cash assets to the company , unless ( among other conditions ) the consideration to be received by the company , and any consideration other than cash to be given by the company , have been independently valued .
under section 104 of the companies act 1985 a public company may not , in a defined [first] period , enter into an agreement with a subscriber to the company 's memorandum for the transfer of one or more non-cash assets to the company , unless ( among other conditions ) the consideration to be received by the company , and any consideration other than cash to be given by the company , have been independently valued .

Initial Steps prior to acceptance of appointment
[first] steps prior to acceptance of appointment

0903 Initial steps prior to acceptance of appointment
0903 [first] steps prior to acceptance of appointment

The example contract included at 1101.10 is a final negotiated contract and should not be used as the basis of initial negotiations . The form of contract should be discussed with the firm 's own lawyers and a draft approved before the client 's lawyers are asked to comment ;
the example contract included at 1101.10 is a final negotiated contract and should not be used as the basis of [first] negotiations . the form of contract should be discussed with the firm 's own lawyers and a draft approved before the client 's lawyers are asked to comment ;

These are useful initial contact points .
these are useful [first] contact points .

Corporate lawyers are well versed in the marking up of documents for reading so it is quite useful to arrange for a junior member of the lawyer team to undertake the initial mark up .
corporate lawyers are well versed in the marking up of documents for reading so it is quite useful to arrange for a junior member of the lawyer team to undertake the [first] mark up .

where the initial word processing is to be undertaken within the firm , ensure that the technology is such that the transfer of files to the printer 's system will maintain the integrity of the document and be cost effective ; and
where the [first] word processing is to be undertaken within the firm , ensure that the technology is such that the transfer of files to the printer 's system will maintain the integrity of the document and be cost effective ; and

The initial long list should be based on a few key criteria .
the [first] long list should be based on a few key criteria .

The initial long list should be based on a few key criteria .
the [first] long list should be based on a few key criteria .

All the preceding research and analysis can be sabotaged in seconds if careful thought is not given to the initial approach .
all the preceding research and analysis can be sabotaged in seconds if careful thought is not given to the [first] approach .

We should offer to make the initial contact if the client does not wish to handle this himself .
we should offer to make the [first] contact if the client does not wish to handle this himself .

As agreed at our initial meeting , we shall inform your auditors of this appointment .
as agreed at our [first] meeting , we shall inform your auditors of this appointment .

As discussed at out initial meeting , you have asked that we do not inform you auditors of our involvement on this assignment .
as discussed at out [first] meeting , you have asked that we do not inform you auditors of our involvement on this assignment .

As agreed at our initial meeting , we shall inform your auditors of this appointment .
as agreed at our [first] meeting , we shall inform your auditors of this appointment .

As discussed at out initial meeting , you have asked that we do not inform your auditors of our involvement on this assignment .
as discussed at out [first] meeting , you have asked that we do not inform your auditors of our involvement on this assignment .

This will especially be the case should it not be possible to agree terms with the preferred bidder , as it may then be necessary to open negotiations with another party before all the indicative offerers become aware of the initial set back .
this will especially be the case should it not be possible to agree terms with the preferred bidder , as it may then be necessary to open negotiations with another party before all the indicative offerers become aware of the [first] set back .

As agreed at our initial meeting , we shall inform your auditors of this appointment .
as agreed at our [first] meeting , we shall inform your auditors of this appointment .

As discussed at our initial meeting , you have asked that we do not inform your auditors of our involvement on this assignment .
as discussed at our [first] meeting , you have asked that we do not inform your auditors of our involvement on this assignment .

As agreed at our initial meeting , we shall inform your auditors of this appointment .
as agreed at our [first] meeting , we shall inform your auditors of this appointment .

As discussed at our initial meeting , you have asked that we do not inform your auditors of our involvement on this assignment .
as discussed at our [first] meeting , you have asked that we do not inform your auditors of our involvement on this assignment .

As agreed at our initial meeting , we would need to inform your auditors of this appointment .
as agreed at our [first] meeting , we would need to inform your auditors of this appointment .

As discussed at our initial meeting , you have asked that we would not inform your auditors of our involvement on this assignment .
as discussed at our [first] meeting , you have asked that we would not inform your auditors of our involvement on this assignment .

As agreed at our initial meeting , we shall inform your auditors of this appointment .
as agreed at our [first] meeting , we shall inform your auditors of this appointment .

As discussed at our initial meeting , you have asked that we do not inform your auditors of our involvement on this assignment .
as discussed at our [first] meeting , you have asked that we do not inform your auditors of our involvement on this assignment .

The following example can be used as the basis of a letter outlining our fund raising advisory services , following an initial meeting .
the following example can be used as the basis of a letter outlining our fund raising advisory services , following an [first] meeting .

As agreed at our initial meeting , we shall inform your auditors of this appointment .
as agreed at our [first] meeting , we shall inform your auditors of this appointment .

As discussed at our initial meeting , you have asked that we do not inform your auditors of our involvement on this assignment .
as discussed at our [first] meeting , you have asked that we do not inform your auditors of our involvement on this assignment .

It is envisaged that these arrangements shall remain in force until initial expressions of interest have been received and analysed and a decision taken regarding the handling of the next stage of the formal sale process .
it is envisaged that these arrangements shall remain in force until [first] expressions of interest have been received and analysed and a decision taken regarding the handling of the next stage of the formal sale process .

The initial meetings were completed on [ date ] and we now require firm offers or a good indication of likely maximum prices .
the [first] meetings were completed on [ date ] and we now require firm offers or a good indication of likely maximum prices .

Thank you for informing me that you do not wish to pursue your initial interest in the above Group .
thank you for informing me that you do not wish to pursue your [first] interest in the above group .

This document is intended to be an aide-memoire to ensure that certain key details about the client are established at an initial meeting .
this document is intended to be an aide-memoire to ensure that certain key details about the client are established at an [first] meeting .

But his initial anger at finding the latest two victims of the insane killer 's bloodlust , blazed into an all-consuming hatred of the man who had done it .
but his [first] anger at finding the latest two victims of the insane killer 's bloodlust , blazed into an all-consuming hatred of the man who had done it .

The dogs ' initial surprise at Angel One 's turning to face them , was further compounded by his screaming kung-fu attack cry , and his sudden leap high to his right .
the dogs ' [first] surprise at angel one 's turning to face them , was further compounded by his screaming kung-fu attack cry , and his sudden leap high to his right .

An initial draft of the main chapters was discussed at the World Congress on Soviet and East European Studies at Harrogate in July 1990 .
an [first] draft of the main chapters was discussed at the world congress on soviet and east european studies at harrogate in july 1990 .

This initial stage of the project is exploratory and comprises approximately thirty in-depth interviews with marketing managers , computer software houses , and computer manufacturers .
this [first] stage of the project is exploratory and comprises approximately thirty in-depth interviews with marketing managers , computer software houses , and computer manufacturers .

Its focus is on engineering rather than industrial design , and the management of the engineering design process--a process which spans the initial appreciation of market needs and technological opportunities and the completion of agreed specifications and drawings .
its focus is on engineering rather than industrial design , and the management of the engineering design process--a process which spans the [first] appreciation of market needs and technological opportunities and the completion of agreed specifications and drawings .

Initial hypotheses on the literature suggest either ,
[first] hypotheses on the literature suggest either ,

The initial impact of monetary policy depends upon the behaviour of individuals and institutions in financial markets , including the foreign exchange market .
the [first] impact of monetary policy depends upon the behaviour of individuals and institutions in financial markets , including the foreign exchange market .

To these four initial studies a fifth study of the Newcastle metropolitan region was added , funded by the Department of the Environment .
to these four [first] studies a fifth study of the newcastle metropolitan region was added , funded by the department of the environment .

Major grants from the Economic and Social Research Council , the Leverhulme Trust , the Esmee Fairbairn Trust , the Rockefeller Foundation and the Bank of England have provided institutional ( core ) finance for an initial five-year period .
major grants from the economic and social research council , the leverhulme trust , the esmee fairbairn trust , the rockefeller foundation and the bank of england have provided institutional ( core ) finance for an [first] five-year period .

Initial pre-occupations with the ‘ Autogerechte Stadt ’ ( car adapted city ) — manifest in demolition of historic buildings , street widening and extensive central area parking provisions- have gradually been replaced by more qualitative and environment oriented policies .
[first] pre-occupations with the ‘ autogerechte stadt ’ ( car adapted city ) — manifest in demolition of historic buildings , street widening and extensive central area parking provisions- have gradually been replaced by more qualitative and environment oriented policies .

However , the task of investigating crime , and the initial decision whether to proceed with a case , will remain with the police .
however , the task of investigating crime , and the [first] decision whether to proceed with a case , will remain with the police .

This project examines the process of decision-making in relation to categorisation , initial allocation to prison , recategorisation and movement between prisons , movement within the prison , access to employment and education , disciplinary procedures , recommendations for parole and for ‘ training for freedom ’ .
this project examines the process of decision-making in relation to categorisation , [first] allocation to prison , recategorisation and movement between prisons , movement within the prison , access to employment and education , disciplinary procedures , recommendations for parole and for ‘ training for freedom ’ .

This will take place in five stages : — orientation interviews , to select the texts and to establish the communicative context ; — initial analysis of texts which will focus on linguistic features likely to indicate relations between disciplines ; — directed interviews with the participants which will allow them to comment on the details of the analysis ; — comparison of texts from different locations and situations to show if a pattern of features is merely peculiar to one writer or if it may have general social significance .
this will take place in five stages : — orientation interviews , to select the texts and to establish the communicative context ; — [first] analysis of texts which will focus on linguistic features likely to indicate relations between disciplines ; — directed interviews with the participants which will allow them to comment on the details of the analysis ; — comparison of texts from different locations and situations to show if a pattern of features is merely peculiar to one writer or if it may have general social significance .

By examining the tensions and difficulties inherent in the role fulfilled by scientists in such groups , this study highlights problems that scientists experience in communicating and co-operating with lay persons even when good initial grounds for mutual understanding exist .
by examining the tensions and difficulties inherent in the role fulfilled by scientists in such groups , this study highlights problems that scientists experience in communicating and co-operating with lay persons even when good [first] grounds for mutual understanding exist .

The expectations derived from the initial model of organisation structure and supplier-customer relationships will be examined by case studies , using a small number of suppliers and a selection of appropriate customers .
the expectations derived from the [first] model of organisation structure and supplier-customer relationships will be examined by case studies , using a small number of suppliers and a selection of appropriate customers .

The initial study found that despite such state investment , the area was still dominated by large landlords leasing land to sharecroppers and charging high rents .
the [first] study found that despite such state investment , the area was still dominated by large landlords leasing land to sharecroppers and charging high rents .

Two key areas have been selected for initial study , the office of Chairman and Managing Director and that of the Finance Controller . Three sets of issues will be examined :
two key areas have been selected for [first] study , the office of chairman and managing director and that of the finance controller . three sets of issues will be examined :

Using existing data sets , it will make initial estimates of the scale of any effect which low incomes might have on the health if the elderly in Britain , and go on to assess the likely role of some intervening variables which might account for the close correlation between income distribution and longevity in developed countries .
using existing data sets , it will make [first] estimates of the scale of any effect which low incomes might have on the health if the elderly in britain , and go on to assess the likely role of some intervening variables which might account for the close correlation between income distribution and longevity in developed countries .

An initial structured interview will be followed by three semi-structured interviews over a six-month period .
an [first] structured interview will be followed by three semi-structured interviews over a six-month period .

The initial impact will be felt most keenly in the infant school where the first stages of the National Curriculum are already in place .
the [first] impact will be felt most keenly in the infant school where the first stages of the national curriculum are already in place .

For each of these components of primary education the investigator is concerned to improve the quality of initial training .
for each of these components of primary education the investigator is concerned to improve the quality of [first] training .

An initial aim of this project is to identify and categorize those areas of common land over which the general public have a legal right of access .
an [first] aim of this project is to identify and categorize those areas of common land over which the general public have a legal right of access .

In view of the level of initial interest shown in the Programme , a series of regional meetings was held ( in Spring 1985 ) which gave all those involved in locality research an opportunity to present papers based on their work .
in view of the level of [first] interest shown in the programme , a series of regional meetings was held ( in spring 1985 ) which gave all those involved in locality research an opportunity to present papers based on their work .

The second part of study will focus on the problem areas identified in a number of firms through the initial survey ; the researchers will work with these firms to give small amounts of assistance aimed at easing some of the marketing bottlenecks .
the second part of study will focus on the problem areas identified in a number of firms through the [first] survey ; the researchers will work with these firms to give small amounts of assistance aimed at easing some of the marketing bottlenecks .

This initial exploratory study aims to identify how schools cope with the introduction of several innovations at once , to develop theory on the management of planned change , and to develop methods of monitoring the processes involved in managing multiple innovations .
this [first] exploratory study aims to identify how schools cope with the introduction of several innovations at once , to develop theory on the management of planned change , and to develop methods of monitoring the processes involved in managing multiple innovations .

Clydal was almost brought to a standstill approaching the home-turn , having received a might bump at the initial bend , but remained undeterred in his victory bid .
clydal was almost brought to a standstill approaching the home-turn , having received a might bump at the [first] bend , but remained undeterred in his victory bid .

Manager Ray Treacy plans to follow-up an initial inquiry with a firm bid — and Portadown could be interested in selling .
manager ray treacy plans to follow-up an [first] inquiry with a firm bid — and portadown could be interested in selling .

Eleven minutes later Ger Burns levelled the scores with a short corner conversion and Clarke put Ireland 2–1 up with a fierce shot which went in off the crossbar after Jimmy Kirkwood had done the initial damage on the stroke of half-time .
eleven minutes later ger burns levelled the scores with a short corner conversion and clarke put ireland 2–1 up with a fierce shot which went in off the crossbar after jimmy kirkwood had done the [first] damage on the stroke of half-time .

Since the initial idea first surfaced in January 1992 with racing scheduled for the spring of ‘ 93 and then the summer , it will now be the autumn at least before the traps ‘ lift . ’
since the [first] idea first surfaced in january 1992 with racing scheduled for the spring of ‘ 93 and then the summer , it will now be the autumn at least before the traps ‘ lift . ’

The programme encompasses initial provision , extension or upgrading of existing provision of competition , training , spectator , and ancillary facilities and equipment . No priority is given :
the programme encompasses [first] provision , extension or upgrading of existing provision of competition , training , spectator , and ancillary facilities and equipment . no priority is given :

When supplying a contact name please include a title ( eg Mr , Mrs , Ms , Miss etc ) , and then the initial ( s ) of the forename .
when supplying a contact name please include a title ( eg mr , mrs , ms , miss etc ) , and then the [first] ( s ) of the forename .

Nevertheless , the basic directions of economic reform are rather similar to Hungary , though the initial position is quite different , in that Yugoslavia already had long experience of worker-managed firms as well as a high degree of monetary mismanagement ( including a spell of hyperinflation ) resulting from inability of the country 's federal structure to impose monetary discipline .
nevertheless , the basic directions of economic reform are rather similar to hungary , though the [first] position is quite different , in that yugoslavia already had long experience of worker-managed firms as well as a high degree of monetary mismanagement ( including a spell of hyperinflation ) resulting from inability of the country 's federal structure to impose monetary discipline .

It had taken a long time for the initial hostility and suspicion between them to wear off .
it had taken a long time for the [first] hostility and suspicion between them to wear off .

Their debut single ‘ Going To Nepal ’ crashed into the Irish charts on release last month , and actually sold out its initial pressing , much to the embarrassment of their record company .
their debut single ‘ going to nepal ’ crashed into the irish charts on release last month , and actually sold out its [first] pressing , much to the embarrassment of their record company .

But more than anything it 's the climate that could see Ireland suffer in the initial stages .
but more than anything it 's the climate that could see ireland suffer in the [first] stages .

That Lions tour party breakdown probably would have been the initial thoughts of the selectors in January .
that lions tour party breakdown probably would have been the [first] thoughts of the selectors in january .

Your initial appraisal indicates that whilst the contract is n't laydown , there are reasonable prospects for success .
your [first] appraisal indicates that whilst the contract is n't laydown , there are reasonable prospects for success .

The initial contract for computer support with the University Computing Service finished at the end of April .
the [first] contract for computer support with the university computing service finished at the end of april .

Since the initial batch was purchased , machine specifications have improved , costs have come down , and user requirements have changed , diversified , and become more demanding .
since the [first] batch was purchased , machine specifications have improved , costs have come down , and user requirements have changed , diversified , and become more demanding .

The initial phase of taxonomic computing work will be in the fields of standards development , and the production of saleable software products .
the [first] phase of taxonomic computing work will be in the fields of standards development , and the production of saleable software products .

Estimated initial costs : £8,000
estimated [first] costs : £8,000

Estimated cost £2000 ( including initial one-off development costs )
estimated cost £2000 ( including [first] one-off development costs )

The Strategic Plan for Information Services was accepted as the initial blueprint for developing computing activities within the Garden , and much of the work within computing was concerned with the implementation of individual sections of the Plan .
the strategic plan for information services was accepted as the [first] blueprint for developing computing activities within the garden , and much of the work within computing was concerned with the implementation of individual sections of the plan .

Initial request from Douglas McKean
[first] request from douglas mckean

These were found by inspection of Laming [ 00 ] , which was published after the initial thesis selection had been made .
these were found by inspection of laming [ 00 ] , which was published after the [first] thesis selection had been made .

It is also possible that some research is directed towards developing a technique , methodology , computer program , or piece of equipment which has wide applicability , but whose initial testing was carried out within some field of Scottish geology .
it is also possible that some research is directed towards developing a technique , methodology , computer program , or piece of equipment which has wide applicability , but whose [first] testing was carried out within some field of scottish geology .

The list of journals was examined by date of publication , to see if there were any trends in journals publishing theses authors ’ initial scientific contributions .
the list of journals was examined by date of publication , to see if there were any trends in journals publishing theses authors ’ [first] scientific contributions .

As a result of this initial velocity the response to the second step is more oscillatory ; the rotor swings still further from the equilibrium position .
as a result of this [first] velocity the response to the second step is more oscillatory ; the rotor swings still further from the equilibrium position .

The initial stages of system design are concerned with steady.state performance ; the choice of stepping motor and drive circuit is mainly dictated by the maximum tolerable position error and the maximum required stepping rate .
the [first] stages of system design are concerned with steady.state performance ; the choice of stepping motor and drive circuit is mainly dictated by the maximum tolerable position error and the maximum required stepping rate .

Using this value of torque , the equation of motion can be solved with the appropriate initial conditions : at and .
using this value of torque , the equation of motion can be solved with the appropriate [first] conditions : at and .

Conversely if a large switching angle is chosen the torque is small at low speeds and tile initial rate of acceleration is slow , but ultimately higher running speeds can be attained .
conversely if a large switching angle is chosen the torque is small at low speeds and tile [first] rate of acceleration is slow , but ultimately higher running speeds can be attained .

If the target position is relatively few steps from the initial position or the load inertia is high , the system is unable to accelerate to a high speed .
if the target position is relatively few steps from the [first] position or the load inertia is high , the system is unable to accelerate to a high speed .

The consequent reduction in torque at low speeds , resulting in poor initial acceleration , is compensated by the higher steady-state speed .
the consequent reduction in torque at low speeds , resulting in poor [first] acceleration , is compensated by the higher steady-state speed .

This is a useful technique for systems designed to operate at the highest speeds , where the time taken for the initial current build.up exceeds the step period , so that chopping action does not have time to begin in an excited phase ( Acarnley , 1984 ) .
this is a useful technique for systems designed to operate at the highest speeds , where the time taken for the [first] current build.up exceeds the step period , so that chopping action does not have time to begin in an excited phase ( acarnley , 1984 ) .

This technique is also open-loop in nature , with the position of maximum overshoot from the initial half-step being determined by a fixed period timer .
this technique is also open-loop in nature , with the position of maximum overshoot from the [first] half-step being determined by a fixed period timer .

How long does this process take from initial request through to hand over of the system ?
how long does this process take from [first] request through to hand over of the system ?

The problem with recruitment is that a small amount of initial effort produces a great deal of work , and this work proceeds in waves which produce severe fluctuations in activity for the personnel staff involved .
the problem with recruitment is that a small amount of [first] effort produces a great deal of work , and this work proceeds in waves which produce severe fluctuations in activity for the personnel staff involved .

The initial response to this situation came in 1971 .
the [first] response to this situation came in 1971 .

The system has proved to be flexible thus enabling enhancements to be made — enhancements which quite often could not have been thought of at the initial design stage , since the concept of an integrated payroll and personnel function was very much new ground .
the system has proved to be flexible thus enabling enhancements to be made — enhancements which quite often could not have been thought of at the [first] design stage , since the concept of an integrated payroll and personnel function was very much new ground .

No matter how thorough the initial investigation , some aspect of the system will change between the initial study and installation .
no matter how thorough the [first] investigation , some aspect of the system will change between the [first] study and installation .

Even though it is very difficult to observe spontaneous proton decay , it may be that our very existence is a consequence of the reverse process , the production of protons , or more simply , of quarks , from an initial situation in which there were no more quarks than antiquarks , which is the most natural way to imagine the universe starting out .
even though it is very difficult to observe spontaneous proton decay , it may be that our very existence is a consequence of the reverse process , the production of protons , or more simply , of quarks , from an [first] situation in which there were no more quarks than antiquarks , which is the most natural way to imagine the universe starting out .

This state would be less ordered , and hence have more entropy , than the initial state of two separate boxes .
this state would be less ordered , and hence have more entropy , than the [first] state of two separate boxes .

But how did he choose the initial state or configuration of the universe ?
but how did he choose the [first] state or configuration of the universe ?

One possible answer is to say that God chose the initial configuration of the universe for reasons that we can not hope to understand .
one possible answer is to say that god chose the [first] configuration of the universe for reasons that we can not hope to understand .

It would be only natural to suppose that this order should apply not only to the laws , but also to the conditions at the boundary of space-time that specify the initial state of the universe .
it would be only natural to suppose that this order should apply not only to the laws , but also to the conditions at the boundary of space-time that specify the [first] state of the universe .

There may be a large number of models of the universe with different initial conditions that all obey the laws .
there may be a large number of models of the universe with different [first] conditions that all obey the laws .

There ought to be some principle that picks out one initial state , and hence one model , to represent our universe .
there ought to be some principle that picks out one [first] state , and hence one model , to represent our universe .

Under chaotic boundary conditions , the probability of finding any particular region of space in any given configuration just after the big bang is the same , in some sense , as the probability of finding it in any other configuration : the initial state of the universe is chosen purely randomly .
under chaotic boundary conditions , the probability of finding any particular region of space in any given configuration just after the big bang is the same , in some sense , as the probability of finding it in any other configuration : the [first] state of the universe is chosen purely randomly .

It is difficult to see how such chaotic initial conditions could have given rise to a universe that is so smooth and regular on a large scale as ours is today .
it is difficult to see how such chaotic [first] conditions could have given rise to a universe that is so smooth and regular on a large scale as ours is today .

According to this theory , there are either many different universes or many different regions of a single universe , each with its own initial configuration and , perhaps , with its own set of laws of science .
according to this theory , there are either many different universes or many different regions of a single universe , each with its own [first] configuration and , perhaps , with its own set of laws of science .

In this case the only difference between the regions would be their initial configurations and so the strong anthropic principle would reduce to the weak one .
in this case the only difference between the regions would be their [first] configurations and so the strong anthropic principle would reduce to the weak one .

One would feel happier about the anthropic principle , at least in its weak version , if one could show that quite a number of different initial configurations for the universe would have evolved to produce a universe like the one we observe .
one would feel happier about the anthropic principle , at least in its weak version , if one could show that quite a number of different [first] configurations for the universe would have evolved to produce a universe like the one we observe .

If this is the case , a universe that developed from some sort of random initial conditions should contain a number of regions that are smooth and uniform and are suitable for the evolution of intelligent life .
if this is the case , a universe that developed from some sort of random [first] conditions should contain a number of regions that are smooth and uniform and are suitable for the evolution of intelligent life .

On the other hand , if the initial state of the universe had to be chosen extremely carefully to lead to something like what we see around us , the universe would be unlikely to contain any region in which life would appear .
on the other hand , if the [first] state of the universe had to be chosen extremely carefully to lead to something like what we see around us , the universe would be unlikely to contain any region in which life would appear .

This means that the initial state of the universe would have to have had exactly the same temperature everywhere in order to account for the fact that the microwave background has the same temperature in every direction we look .
this means that the [first] state of the universe would have to have had exactly the same temperature everywhere in order to account for the fact that the microwave background has the same temperature in every direction we look .

The initial rate of expansion also would have had to be chosen very precisely for the rate of expansion still to be so close to the critical rate needed to avoid recollapse .
the [first] rate of expansion also would have had to be chosen very precisely for the rate of expansion still to be so close to the critical rate needed to avoid recollapse .

This means that the initial state of the universe must have been very carefully chosen indeed if the hot big bang model was correct right back to the beginning of time .
this means that the [first] state of the universe must have been very carefully chosen indeed if the hot big bang model was correct right back to the beginning of time .

In an attempt to find a model of the universe in which many different initial configurations could have evolved to something like the present universe , a scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Alan Guth , suggested that the early universe might have gone through a period of very rapid expansion .
in an attempt to find a model of the universe in which many different [first] configurations could have evolved to something like the present universe , a scientist at the massachusetts institute of technology , alan guth , suggested that the early universe might have gone through a period of very rapid expansion .

This could then explain why the rate of expansion is still so close to the critical rate , without having to assume that the initial rate of expansion of the universe was very carefully chosen .
this could then explain why the rate of expansion is still so close to the critical rate , without having to assume that the [first] rate of expansion of the universe was very carefully chosen .

This work on inflationary models showed that the present state of the universe could have arisen from quite a large number of different initial configurations .
this work on inflationary models showed that the present state of the universe could have arisen from quite a large number of different [first] configurations .

This is important , because it shows that the initial state of the part of the universe that we inhabit did not have to be chosen with great care .
this is important , because it shows that the [first] state of the part of the universe that we inhabit did not have to be chosen with great care .

It can not be the case , however , that every initial configuration would have led to a universe like the one we observe .
it can not be the case , however , that every [first] configuration would have led to a universe like the one we observe .

Thus there must have been initial configurations that would not have given rise to a universe like the one we see today .
thus there must have been [first] configurations that would not have given rise to a universe like the one we see today .

So even the inflationary model does not tell us why the initial configuration was not such as to produce something very different from what we observe .
so even the inflationary model does not tell us why the [first] configuration was not such as to produce something very different from what we observe .

In the classical theory of general relativity , there are many different possible curved space-times , each corresponding to a different initial state of the universe .
in the classical theory of general relativity , there are many different possible curved space-times , each corresponding to a different [first] state of the universe .

If we knew the initial state of our universe , we would know its entire history .
if we knew the [first] state of our universe , we would know its entire history .

If Euclidean space-time stretches back to infinite imaginary time , or else starts at a singularity in imaginary time , we have the same problem as in the classical theory of specifying the initial state of the universe : God may know how the universe began , but we can not give any particular reason for thinking it began one way rather than another .
if euclidean space-time stretches back to infinite imaginary time , or else starts at a singularity in imaginary time , we have the same problem as in the classical theory of specifying the [first] state of the universe : god may know how the universe began , but we can not give any particular reason for thinking it began one way rather than another .

Thus disorder will tend to increase with time if the system obeys an initial condition of high order .
thus disorder will tend to increase with time if the system obeys an [first] condition of high order .

So the disorder of the pieces will probably increase with time if the pieces obey the initial condition that they start off in a condition of high order .
so the disorder of the pieces will probably increase with time if the pieces obey the [first] condition that they start off in a condition of high order .

But more often than not , whenever they were under the same roof together , he shared her bed and , now that her initial awkwardness had abated — for she had never seen a naked human being of either sex before and had always been discouraged from looking too closely at herself — he made love to her with a straightforward vigour she found attractive .
but more often than not , whenever they were under the same roof together , he shared her bed and , now that her [first] awkwardness had abated — for she had never seen a naked human being of either sex before and had always been discouraged from looking too closely at herself — he made love to her with a straightforward vigour she found attractive .

And if he would have preferred it not to be Frizingley , to be , in fact , anywhere else but there , he managed to quell his initial misgivings by the grim reminder that he would be unlikely to know anyone in St Jude 's now .
and if he would have preferred it not to be frizingley , to be , in fact , anywhere else but there , he managed to quell his [first] misgivings by the grim reminder that he would be unlikely to know anyone in st jude 's now .

Eventually , as in most family crises , the initial shock wore off , and everyone simmered down .
eventually , as in most family crises , the [first] shock wore off , and everyone simmered down .

Eva did n't find it a problem once she had made the initial adjustment .
eva did n't find it a problem once she had made the [first] adjustment .

Once the initial surge of grief had passed the funeral was almost a celebration .
once the [first] surge of grief had passed the funeral was almost a celebration .

The third class of sites covers those developed linear and road-junction sites where increasingly centralized tendencies had been responsible for the growth of an irregular internal street system well beyond the initial main roads .
the third class of sites covers those developed linear and road-junction sites where increasingly centralized tendencies had been responsible for the growth of an irregular internal street system well beyond the [first] main roads .

After an initial post-military phase of contraction , development was apparently confined to the central area in the later first or early second century , followed by settlement in the roadside suburbs during the second and third ; not until the third to fourth century did occupation reach its maximum extent of c. 20 ha ( 50 acres ) , extending north at least to St Andrew 's Church and west along the river , south-east to the Bearley Brook and south-west for up to 600 m ( 2000 ft ) .
after an [first] post-military phase of contraction , development was apparently confined to the central area in the later first or early second century , followed by settlement in the roadside suburbs during the second and third ; not until the third to fourth century did occupation reach its maximum extent of c. 20 ha ( 50 acres ) , extending north at least to st andrew 's church and west along the river , south-east to the bearley brook and south-west for up to 600 m ( 2000 ft ) .

The initial ribbon development along the Ermine Street frontages with only a few irregular side-lanes and possibly one large building ( No .
the [first] ribbon development along the ermine street frontages with only a few irregular side-lanes and possibly one large building ( no .

Evidence suggests that after an initial second-century surge of activity in Normangate Field , the number of kilns declined in the third and fourth , as manufacture gave way to other activities and moved further afield to more convenient locations .
evidence suggests that after an [first] second-century surge of activity in normangate field , the number of kilns declined in the third and fourth , as manufacture gave way to other activities and moved further afield to more convenient locations .

If r is less than i , then the annual cost of borrowing funds for an additional project will be less than the expected annual return on the initial capital outlay , so that the project will be profitable to undertake .
if r is less than i , then the annual cost of borrowing funds for an additional project will be less than the expected annual return on the [first] capital outlay , so that the project will be profitable to undertake .

The government 's initial failure to hold spending down in the early 1980s was not for lack of trying .
the government 's [first] failure to hold spending down in the early 1980s was not for lack of trying .

Industrial processing seems to refer to initial processing after harvesting or slaughtering .
industrial processing seems to refer to [first] processing after harvesting or slaughtering .

However , this does not provide any safeguard against the irresponsible customer who does not comply with such terms of the agreement or against the out and out rogue who , having paid his initial deposit , disappears with the goods without trace .
however , this does not provide any safeguard against the irresponsible customer who does not comply with such terms of the agreement or against the out and out rogue who , having paid his [first] deposit , disappears with the goods without trace .

It could , on dark days in Bloomsbury , be a dreary place , but Indica was a place to go to , to exchange ideas , make initial contacts with another London .
it could , on dark days in bloomsbury , be a dreary place , but indica was a place to go to , to exchange ideas , make [first] contacts with another london .

Thus in the initial stages Elliott and Harris were flung on their own resources .
thus in the [first] stages elliott and harris were flung on their own resources .

Out of Surbiton , with an accent that veered between Sydney — which was where many people located him — and outer London , his initial work on the magazine had been selling it on the streets .
out of surbiton , with an accent that veered between sydney — which was where many people located him — and outer london , his [first] work on the magazine had been selling it on the streets .

She shook her head slightly , trying to clear her thoughts , but a tiny suspicion , the merest thread of possibility persisted : it just might be that the man whose initial scattered the pages of Elise 's diary before abruptly ceasing , three weeks before her death , could have some bearing on the mystery . It was all conjecture of course , Merrill told herself sternly , and yet … ?
she shook her head slightly , trying to clear her thoughts , but a tiny suspicion , the merest thread of possibility persisted : it just might be that the man whose [first] scattered the pages of elise 's diary before abruptly ceasing , three weeks before her death , could have some bearing on the mystery . it was all conjecture of course , merrill told herself sternly , and yet … ?

Woodline Design did not rest on any past laurels ; it was highly solvent and very successful , and it did n't take long for Merrill to discover that Luke was the driving force behind it , and that her initial impression of him as dynamic was something of an understatement .
woodline design did not rest on any past laurels ; it was highly solvent and very successful , and it did n't take long for merrill to discover that luke was the driving force behind it , and that her [first] impression of him as dynamic was something of an understatement .

Elise had found him attractive — more than attractive , judging by the diary entries and the odd , mysterious little symbols that appeared against his initial , presumably denoting a magic known only to Elise and himself .
elise had found him attractive — more than attractive , judging by the diary entries and the odd , mysterious little symbols that appeared against his [first] , presumably denoting a magic known only to elise and himself .

In the case of Dataease setting up the initial forms is easy , even quite complex forms with many relationships can be set up very quickly .
in the case of dataease setting up the [first] forms is easy , even quite complex forms with many relationships can be set up very quickly .

DesignWorks suffered a little in its initial release by having Typographica fonts bundled with it .
designworks suffered a little in its [first] release by having typographica fonts bundled with it .

Our initial impressions of Utopia are very positive , so much so that we 're going to install the application to log all the Windows related problems , hints , tips and fixes encountered via this column .
our [first] impressions of utopia are very positive , so much so that we 're going to install the application to log all the windows related problems , hints , tips and fixes encountered via this column .

The initial puzzles seem pretty straightforward , and would allow the game to be ‘ adult supervised ’ for the youngsters , although the computer hardened eleven/twelve year old would probably handle it — with the occasional flash of totally brilliant parental genius ( in reality of course it is likely to be the other way round ! ) .
the [first] puzzles seem pretty straightforward , and would allow the game to be ‘ adult supervised ’ for the youngsters , although the computer hardened eleven/twelve year old would probably handle it — with the occasional flash of totally brilliant parental genius ( in reality of course it is likely to be the other way round ! ) .

Here it is ‘ pasted ’ into a word-processing program , demonstrating how the Clipboard can make a program more flexible than its initial design .
here it is ‘ pasted ’ into a word-processing program , demonstrating how the clipboard can make a program more flexible than its [first] design .

After that comes the initial coding .
after that comes the [first] coding .

Once the initial code is written , the testing starts .
once the [first] code is written , the testing starts .

What seems to be missing from the analysis is some measure of how much the savings plan is actually giving you over and above your initial hard earned cash .
what seems to be missing from the analysis is some measure of how much the savings plan is actually giving you over and above your [first] hard earned cash .

The lower levels are initial introductions to the skills required , each cleverly put together so that you must learn the relevant block-shifting and matching techniques .
the lower levels are [first] introductions to the skills required , each cleverly put together so that you must learn the relevant block-shifting and matching techniques .

Photographs can be taken and scanned to produce pictures , but a video camera cuts out the photographic process and allows real-life images to be included in documents at no cost other than the initial outlay .
photographs can be taken and scanned to produce pictures , but a video camera cuts out the photographic process and allows real-life images to be included in documents at no cost other than the [first] outlay .

Initial planning has started with the intention of obtaining approval in early 1993 .
[first] planning has started with the intention of obtaining approval in early 1993 .

The terminal has expanded its storage capacity five-fold since its initial inauguration and has been a major and consistent profit earner in the intervening years .
the terminal has expanded its storage capacity five-fold since its [first] inauguration and has been a major and consistent profit earner in the intervening years .

The project involves initial drilling and completion of 86 oil and 20 water-injection wells and installing a submersible pump system in each .
the project involves [first] drilling and completion of 86 oil and 20 water-injection wells and installing a submersible pump system in each .

Oil production , estimated at an initial rate of 300,000 barrels of oil per day , is scheduled to start in December 1994 , after the pipelines are laid to the port facilities .
oil production , estimated at an [first] rate of 300,000 barrels of oil per day , is scheduled to start in december 1994 , after the pipelines are laid to the port facilities .

Our initial aim is to prove that our technicians are fully capable of carrying out their duties offshore , which is now a requirement under Safety Case Regulations .
our [first] aim is to prove that our technicians are fully capable of carrying out their duties offshore , which is now a requirement under safety case regulations .

On receipt of the initial application the trust will send a medical questionnaire for completion .
on receipt of the [first] application the trust will send a medical questionnaire for completion .

initial assessment of the magnitude of the contamination , using historical data ;
[first] assessment of the magnitude of the contamination , using historical data ;

initial appraisal of the process involved ;
[first] appraisal of the process involved ;

The initial vulnerability of the new born is expressed in Denis Creffield 's Anxious Baby ( 1983 ) and here the parallels with those popular images of childhood which constantly interpenetrate and interrupt our day-to-day routine are obvious .
the [first] vulnerability of the new born is expressed in denis creffield 's anxious baby ( 1983 ) and here the parallels with those popular images of childhood which constantly interpenetrate and interrupt our day-to-day routine are obvious .

It was in the course of that initial watching and listening that she had come across Amy .
it was in the course of that [first] watching and listening that she had come across amy .

‘ The initial attraction was advertising , ’ he says , ‘ and particularly the way it achieved communication in such a slick way .
‘ the [first] attraction was advertising , ’ he says , ‘ and particularly the way it achieved communication in such a slick way .

An infrastructure has been established for campaigning in the years to come : a Leader and some 30 distinguished Patrons have agreed to support the Campaign ; an initial portfolio of investment projects has been drawn up ; and the Alumni database , with an active list of some 25 % of the graduate body , is now operational .
an infrastructure has been established for campaigning in the years to come : a leader and some 30 distinguished patrons have agreed to support the campaign ; an [first] portfolio of investment projects has been drawn up ; and the alumni database , with an active list of some 25 % of the graduate body , is now operational .

The real justification for the launch must , however , lie in the number of projects in the Investment Prospectus which gained funding , such as the Research Dowry for the Chair of Medicine , new accommodation for the Department of Surgery , the Chair in Banking Law , new laboratories for Biochemistry and initial funding for the preparation of the University for the reception of deaf students .
the real justification for the launch must , however , lie in the number of projects in the investment prospectus which gained funding , such as the research dowry for the chair of medicine , new accommodation for the department of surgery , the chair in banking law , new laboratories for biochemistry and [first] funding for the preparation of the university for the reception of deaf students .

All of these problems slowed negotiations to such an extent that the federal government was forced to double its initial one-year period of support .
all of these problems slowed negotiations to such an extent that the federal government was forced to double its [first] one-year period of support .

This his initial astonishment , lines lacking the and receptor all appeared quite normal , and it was only when he had made lines lacking two isoforms at once that clear effects were seen ( thank God , he added ) .
this his [first] astonishment , lines lacking the and receptor all appeared quite normal , and it was only when he had made lines lacking two isoforms at once that clear effects were seen ( thank god , he added ) .

The initial estimate was based partly on the time required for radioactive heating to cause the subducted oceanic crust and sediment to become buoyant and rise .
the [first] estimate was based partly on the time required for radioactive heating to cause the subducted oceanic crust and sediment to become buoyant and rise .

Rearranging and integrating equation ( 9.51 ) gives and the integral on the r h s. can be evaluated by considering mass conservation in a sector shaped cell , so that where c o is the initial concentration .
rearranging and integrating equation ( 9.51 ) gives and the integral on the r h s. can be evaluated by considering mass conservation in a sector shaped cell , so that where c o is the [first] concentration .

The initial attempts to arrive at a theoretical representation of the dimensions of a linear chain , treated the molecule as a number n of chain elements , joined by bonds of length l .
the [first] attempts to arrive at a theoretical representation of the dimensions of a linear chain , treated the molecule as a number n of chain elements , joined by bonds of length l .

Each spherulite grows radially from a nucleus formed either by the density fluctuations which result in the initial chain ordering process or from an impurity in the system .
each spherulite grows radially from a nucleus formed either by the density fluctuations which result in the [first] chain ordering process or from an impurity in the system .

If the stress is applied for a short time , then removed , the sample snaps back to its original length suggesting that some ‘ memory ’ of its initial unstretched condition is retained .
if the stress is applied for a short time , then removed , the sample snaps back to its original length suggesting that some ‘ memory ’ of its [first] unstretched condition is retained .

Under conditions of constant shear strain the relation becomes and if the boundary condition is assumed that at zero time , the solution to this equation is where σ o is the initial stress immediately after stretching the polymer .
under conditions of constant shear strain the relation becomes and if the boundary condition is assumed that at zero time , the solution to this equation is where σ o is the [first] stress immediately after stretching the polymer .

The initial , almost instantaneous , elongation produced by the application of the tensile stress is inversely proportional to the rigidity or modulus of the material , i.e .
the [first] , almost instantaneous , elongation produced by the application of the tensile stress is inversely proportional to the rigidity or modulus of the material , i.e .

Hugh is the Raw Materials Manager responsible for running the Warehouse , and the initial stages of yarn preparation namely scouring , blending and teasing .
hugh is the raw materials manager responsible for running the warehouse , and the [first] stages of yarn preparation namely scouring , blending and teasing .

The simulation model will also require data concerning the initial state of the system , that is , the amounts of water present in the various stores ( shown in Figure 6.9 ) .
the simulation model will also require data concerning the [first] state of the system , that is , the amounts of water present in the various stores ( shown in figure 6.9 ) .

Stage one of the use of a hydrological simulation model involves the provision of initial information about the drainage-basin .
stage one of the use of a hydrological simulation model involves the provision of [first] information about the drainage-basin .

Given an initial set of conditions the model is run in order to see how closely the real and simulated events correspond .
given an [first] set of conditions the model is run in order to see how closely the real and simulated events correspond .

Initial records of expenditure and income are kept in day books .
[first] records of expenditure and income are kept in day books .

Joe decides to draw up a profit and loss account for this initial period .
joe decides to draw up a profit and loss account for this [first] period .

Such an initial assessment , based on the information available at the time , is the prior probability of success .
such an [first] assessment , based on the information available at the time , is the prior probability of success .

The basic tree consists of a network branching out from an initial decision of whether or not to undertake the project .
the basic tree consists of a network branching out from an [first] decision of whether or not to undertake the project .

The project team think that they could carry out the further research in an additional year at an estimated cost of £20 000 , but that the chances of solving all the problems are only 30 : 70 as opposed to the 50 : 50 chance they gave the initial phase .
the project team think that they could carry out the further research in an additional year at an estimated cost of £20 000 , but that the chances of solving all the problems are only 30 : 70 as opposed to the 50 : 50 chance they gave the [first] phase .

The best strategy with this project is to carry out the initial development and , if it is successful within 2 years , launch the project .
the best strategy with this project is to carry out the [first] development and , if it is successful within 2 years , launch the project .

The publication of Birds of Australia proved ample financial reward for his initial outlay .
the publication of birds of australia proved ample financial reward for his [first] outlay .

The initial exchanges of the war left both sides with some damaged oil installations and Iraq still in possession of a limited amount of Iranian territory .
the [first] exchanges of the war left both sides with some damaged oil installations and iraq still in possession of a limited amount of iranian territory .

The initial outbreak of war had already taken around 3 million b/d out of the world supply/ demand equation .
the [first] outbreak of war had already taken around 3 million b/d out of the world supply/ demand equation .

Part of this sequence of attacks was a form of retaliation , this time for what Iran perceived as the provocative act of the initial invasion .
part of this sequence of attacks was a form of retaliation , this time for what iran perceived as the provocative act of the [first] invasion .

Once this had been achieved , the fighting between Iraq and its adversaries came to an end and Iraq agreed to a meeting of military leaders to discuss initial cease-fire arrangements , at which the Allies were represented by General Schwarzkopf and the principal Arab military figure , prince Khaled ibn Sultan of Saudi Arabia .
once this had been achieved , the fighting between iraq and its adversaries came to an end and iraq agreed to a meeting of military leaders to discuss [first] cease-fire arrangements , at which the allies were represented by general schwarzkopf and the principal arab military figure , prince khaled ibn sultan of saudi arabia .

During the initial month 's activity in August 1990 which saw 10 resolutions adopted , only 4 were voted unanimously .
during the [first] month 's activity in august 1990 which saw 10 resolutions adopted , only 4 were voted unanimously .

Indeed it would seem that these paintings undercut their initial didacticism and that order is evoked primarily to bring it into question .
indeed it would seem that these paintings undercut their [first] didacticism and that order is evoked primarily to bring it into question .

's sales and marketing director said , ‘ The new mueslis have been greeted with enthusiasm in initial trials with trade customers .
's sales and marketing director said , ‘ the new mueslis have been greeted with enthusiasm in [first] trials with trade customers .

We are however facing stiff competition in this sector from , and who have all launched products following the initial success of Complete .
we are however facing stiff competition in this sector from , and who have all launched products following the [first] success of complete .

After initial steep path , walk became level balcony with extensive views across valley .
after [first] steep path , walk became level balcony with extensive views across valley .

Marketing 's Senior Brand Manager ( above right ) and Procurement Operations Manager ( left ) managed the project jointly from initial concepts through to its finished form .
marketing 's senior brand manager ( above right ) and procurement operations manager ( left ) managed the project jointly from [first] concepts through to its finished form .

He was sent an initial list of trial questions from which the producers of the show selected 500 to take part in a mock Krypton Factor show .
he was sent an [first] list of trial questions from which the producers of the show selected 500 to take part in a mock krypton factor show .

The sensible thing to do , having made the initial impact , was to walk off in a slow and menacing way , leaving Quigley to gibber .
the sensible thing to do , having made the [first] impact , was to walk off in a slow and menacing way , leaving quigley to gibber .

Thought has to be given to future integration at the initial design stage , otherwise subsequent integration will be very difficult and expensive .
thought has to be given to future integration at the [first] design stage , otherwise subsequent integration will be very difficult and expensive .

The entity-relationship diagrams , which are particularly useful in the initial analysis and as an overview of the data model , prove a good basis for communication with managers and users .
the entity-relationship diagrams , which are particularly useful in the [first] analysis and as an overview of the data model , prove a good basis for communication with managers and users .

The first few documents will be used to create the initial model .
the first few documents will be used to create the [first] model .

After an initial hesitation in December that lasted no more than forty-eight hours , the King 's sense of fair play had led him to the same conclusion .
after an [first] hesitation in december that lasted no more than forty-eight hours , the king 's sense of fair play had led him to the same conclusion .

The initial capital for canals and turnpikes came from local sources .
the [first] capital for canals and turnpikes came from local sources .

Even in the case of ventures of the scale and celebration of the Trent and Mersey , Oxford and Leeds and Liverpool canals , most of the initial investment flowed from the territories they traversed .
even in the case of ventures of the scale and celebration of the trent and mersey , oxford and leeds and liverpool canals , most of the [first] investment flowed from the territories they traversed .

Their initial capitalisation totalled £7.5 million .
their [first] capitalisation totalled £7.5 million .

Since repair rather than fresh building was their prime rationale , they did not need to raise an initial capital comparable to that needed for constructing a canal — estimated by the Duke of Bridgewater to be £10,000 guineas a mile .
since repair rather than fresh building was their prime rationale , they did not need to raise an [first] capital comparable to that needed for constructing a canal — estimated by the duke of bridgewater to be £10,000 guineas a mile .

Or had her initial fears been merely a result of the disorder of mind induced by her very apparent hunger ?
or had her [first] fears been merely a result of the disorder of mind induced by her very apparent hunger ?

In fact , none of the popular British names in the frequency lists in the last 75 years has had an unstressed initial syllable .
in fact , none of the popular british names in the frequency lists in the last 75 years has had an unstressed [first] syllable .

Can we relate the trend towards the use of an initial stressed syllable to greater masculine aggressiveness ?
can we relate the trend towards the use of an [first] stressed syllable to greater masculine aggressiveness ?

Certainly it was Bernard 's initial belief , in the early days of our marriage , that contraception was a sin : Papal authority held it to be so , and Bernard 's allegiance was to the Pope .
certainly it was bernard 's [first] belief , in the early days of our marriage , that contraception was a sin : papal authority held it to be so , and bernard 's allegiance was to the pope .

Initial Lines of Investigation
[first] lines of investigation

This was used for initial development of the software , including much of the initial testing . The specific resources used were : —
this was used for [first] development of the software , including much of the [first] testing . the specific resources used were : —

An image was produced for the initial tests as an extra check .
an image was produced for the [first] tests as an extra check .

For the initial tests trace statements were inserted to obtain the pixel counts for each of the range of exposures used to compute the two bounds .
for the [first] tests trace statements were inserted to obtain the pixel counts for each of the range of exposures used to compute the two bounds .

The results show an initial period of maintained growth and then an oscillatory decline , presumably due to water stress .
the results show an [first] period of maintained growth and then an oscillatory decline , presumably due to water stress .

Experiment 8 — Initial Tests
experiment 8 — [first] tests

Since no Pareto gain is possible , the initial position — competitive equilibrium in both markets — is Pareto-efficient .
since no pareto gain is possible , the [first] position — competitive equilibrium in both markets — is pareto-efficient .

First , they ensure that the initial position of competitive equilibrium is indeed an equilibrium .
first , they ensure that the [first] position of competitive equilibrium is indeed an equilibrium .

Thus , the initial distribution of abilities , human capital and wealth , by affecting income-earning potential , determines the pattern of consumer demand in the economy .
thus , the [first] distribution of abilities , human capital and wealth , by affecting income-earning potential , determines the pattern of consumer demand in the economy .

In principle , by varying the distribution of initial income-earning potential , we could induce the economy to pick out each and every one of the possible Pareto-efficient allocations at its competitive equilibrium .
in principle , by varying the distribution of [first] income-earning potential , we could induce the economy to pick out each and every one of the possible pareto-efficient allocations at its competitive equilibrium .

Since every competitive equilibrium is Pareto-efficient , and since different Pareto-efficient allocations correspond to different initial distributions of income-earning potential in a competitive economy , it appears that the government can confine itself to redistributing income and wealth through income and inheritance taxes or welfare benefits without having to worry about interventions to ensure that resources are allocated efficiently .
since every competitive equilibrium is pareto-efficient , and since different pareto-efficient allocations correspond to different [first] distributions of income-earning potential in a competitive economy , it appears that the government can confine itself to redistributing income and wealth through income and inheritance taxes or welfare benefits without having to worry about interventions to ensure that resources are allocated efficiently .

Different initial distributions of human and physical capital across people will generate the different competitive equilibria corresponding to each of the possible Pareto-efficient allocations .
different [first] distributions of human and physical capital across people will generate the different competitive equilibria corresponding to each of the possible pareto-efficient allocations .

Why do sports clubs have both an initial membership fee and an annual subscription for people who are already members ?
why do sports clubs have both an [first] membership fee and an annual subscription for people who are already members ?

Hence , when countries concluded that the public sector was too involved in the economy , the initial policy priorities differed in Europe and the United States .
hence , when countries concluded that the public sector was too involved in the economy , the [first] policy priorities differed in europe and the united states .

Using the stock concept , at a point in time an investment project is profitable if the present value of net operating benefits the stream of future operating profits discounted at the interest rate at which firms must borrow funds — exceeds the initial purchase price of the new capital good .
using the stock concept , at a point in time an investment project is profitable if the present value of net operating benefits the stream of future operating profits discounted at the interest rate at which firms must borrow funds — exceeds the [first] purchase price of the new capital good .

Thus investment or additions to the capital stock will proceed up to the point at which the present value of the future profits equals the initial purchase price of new capital goods .
thus investment or additions to the capital stock will proceed up to the point at which the present value of the future profits equals the [first] purchase price of new capital goods .

The Initial Cost of the Capital Good
the [first] cost of the capital good

An initial investigation was carried out using text which the rule-based systems had failed to deal with adequately ( estate agent 's literature ) .
an [first] investigation was carried out using text which the rule-based systems had failed to deal with adequately ( estate agent 's literature ) .

For the initial investigation no tagged corpus was available , instead the text used for training consisted of a selection of ‘ raw ’ ( i.e .
for the [first] investigation no tagged corpus was available , instead the text used for training consisted of a selection of ‘ raw ’ ( i.e .

When the initial grief of the desertion had passed she had known better than to mention her father 's name .
when the [first] grief of the desertion had passed she had known better than to mention her father 's name .

She motioned Jenna to a seat and it was clear that her initial diffidence was now controlled .
she motioned jenna to a seat and it was clear that her [first] diffidence was now controlled .

Following that initial spate of concern , the ten years between 1976 and 1985 were declared the ‘ Decade for Women ’ .
following that [first] spate of concern , the ten years between 1976 and 1985 were declared the ‘ decade for women ’ .

Many poor countries are so deeply in hock that they end up borrowing just to pay interest on their initial debts : the poorest people of the world are slaves to the banks .
many poor countries are so deeply in hock that they end up borrowing just to pay interest on their [first] debts : the poorest people of the world are slaves to the banks .

The World Health Organization and the Norwegian Agency for National Development are providing the initial financial backing , but
the world health organization and the norwegian agency for national development are providing the [first] financial backing , but

There is a pattern of initial frankness followed by aggrieved resentment which can finally sink to a self-excusing cynicism .
there is a pattern of [first] frankness followed by aggrieved resentment which can finally sink to a self-excusing cynicism .

Almost two years elapsed before even the initial visit was made , making the applicant think that her application had been turned down .
almost two years elapsed before even the [first] visit was made , making the applicant think that her application had been turned down .

We are told that the initial creation of the assemblies would include a strategic body for London — Greater London council mark 2 .
we are told that the [first] creation of the assemblies would include a strategic body for london — greater london council mark 2 .

The pressure groups want a clear assurance that they will be able to ask , as of right , for a visit from the visiting officer — at least in the initial stages so that the new self-assessment procedure can be carried through correctly .
the pressure groups want a clear assurance that they will be able to ask , as of right , for a visit from the visiting officer — at least in the [first] stages so that the new self-assessment procedure can be carried through correctly .

If we look at the initial response to Maastricht , the omens are not wholly encouraging .
if we look at the [first] response to maastricht , the omens are not wholly encouraging .

The only figure that they have been prepared to come up with is bad enough — the initial cost of all the preparatory work involved in making drawings , hiring expensive barristers to put the Bill through the House , and so on .
the only figure that they have been prepared to come up with is bad enough — the [first] cost of all the preparatory work involved in making drawings , hiring expensive barristers to put the bill through the house , and so on .

( b ) the initial composition and constitution of the students ' association . ’
( b ) the [first] composition and constitution of the students ' association . ’

The navvies beat their way through the Wychwood Forest for almost three hours by which time the initial enthusiasm had long since waned .
the navvies beat their way through the wychwood forest for almost three hours by which time the [first] enthusiasm had long since waned .

Expressing initial disbelief , Tom confirmed that Putt went out riding on Vulcan most mornings .
expressing [first] disbelief , tom confirmed that putt went out riding on vulcan most mornings .

Does the Minister accept that the Secretary of State was mistaken when he said that the initial slow and small take-up of student loans showed that there was no widespread poverty and hardship among students since all the evidence of citizens advice bureaux , Members ' mail and so on shows clearly that , because of the reducing value of student grants and the attack on student benefits , there is real and widespread hardship and poverty among the British student population ?
does the minister accept that the secretary of state was mistaken when he said that the [first] slow and small take-up of student loans showed that there was no widespread poverty and hardship among students since all the evidence of citizens advice bureaux , members ' mail and so on shows clearly that , because of the reducing value of student grants and the attack on student benefits , there is real and widespread hardship and poverty among the british student population ?

The Foreign Affairs Committee statement on 2 December gave the initial response from the European Community .
the foreign affairs committee statement on 2 december gave the [first] response from the european community .

Is my hon. Friend aware that , for many years within the referral area of the Plymouth eye infirmary , people have had to wait excessively long periods not only for an initial eye examination but for subsequent treatment ? Will my hon. Friend tell us what action is being taken to improve the position in respect of new staff and new facilities and any benefits that might be derived from the new contractual arrangements ?
is my hon. friend aware that , for many years within the referral area of the plymouth eye infirmary , people have had to wait excessively long periods not only for an [first] eye examination but for subsequent treatment ? will my hon. friend tell us what action is being taken to improve the position in respect of new staff and new facilities and any benefits that might be derived from the new contractual arrangements ?

Does the Minister agree that his initial answer , taken with the huge increases that his Administration have brought about in national insurance contributions , the poll tax and the burden of rates that business men and business women have to pay , makes it clear that his party is the tax , tax and tax again party ?
does the minister agree that his [first] answer , taken with the huge increases that his administration have brought about in national insurance contributions , the poll tax and the burden of rates that business men and business women have to pay , makes it clear that his party is the tax , tax and tax again party ?

Surveys carried out by the optical profession show that after an initial drop , 12.43 million sight tests were carried out in the financial year ending 1991 .
surveys carried out by the optical profession show that after an [first] drop , 12.43 million sight tests were carried out in the financial year ending 1991 .

However , evidence suggests that , after an initial fall-off , admission numbers at those museums which charge have held up well in subsequent years .
however , evidence suggests that , after an [first] fall-off , admission numbers at those museums which charge have held up well in subsequent years .

The Council for the Accreditation of Teacher Education is to advise me on the implications of the report for primary initial teacher training in future .
the council for the accreditation of teacher education is to advise me on the implications of the report for primary [first] teacher training in future .

The new surgeon , a locum , will take up his post on 1 May this year for an initial period of one year .
the new surgeon , a locum , will take up his post on 1 may this year for an [first] period of one year .

They will have to police the discounts , both for someone 's initial eligibility for the discount , and for any change in circumstances that might take away that eligibility .
they will have to police the discounts , both for someone 's [first] eligibility for the discount , and for any change in circumstances that might take away that eligibility .

Applicants benefit from delays in determination systems and the complicated review procedures after the initial decision .
applicants benefit from delays in determination systems and the complicated review procedures after the [first] decision .

What is the objection to showing the asylum seeker the completed initial statement and the reasons for the refusal ? At least he could then see what was said against him and , if necessary , make representations about that .
what is the objection to showing the asylum seeker the completed [first] statement and the reasons for the refusal ? at least he could then see what was said against him and , if necessary , make representations about that .

That increased my initial suspicions about you .
that increased my [first] suspicions about you .

Anyone could have typed that message and his initial , she realised with dismay .
anyone could have typed that message and his [first] , she realised with dismay .

The market process , then , is set in motion by the results of the initial market-ignorance of the participants .
the market process , then , is set in motion by the results of the [first] market-ignorance of the participants .

This group of entrepreneurs would , in our imaginary world , immediately notice profit opportunities that exist because of the initial ignorance of the original market participants and that have persisted because of their inability to learn from experience .
this group of entrepreneurs would , in our imaginary world , immediately notice profit opportunities that exist because of the [first] ignorance of the original market participants and that have persisted because of their inability to learn from experience .

It follows that anyone is a potential entrepreneur , since the purely entrepreneurial role presupposes no special initial good fortune in the form of valuable assets .
it follows that anyone is a potential entrepreneur , since the purely entrepreneurial role presupposes no special [first] good fortune in the form of valuable assets .

Consumers ' initial ignorance of the kinds of commodities technologically possible with currently available resources and of the relative prices at which these commodities can in principle be produced gradually diminishes .
consumers ' [first] ignorance of the kinds of commodities technologically possible with currently available resources and of the relative prices at which these commodities can in principle be produced gradually diminishes .

Resource owners ' initial ignorance of the kinds of commodities consumers will buy and of the relative prices which can in principle be obtained for these commodities gradually diminishes .
resource owners ' [first] ignorance of the kinds of commodities consumers will buy and of the relative prices which can in principle be obtained for these commodities gradually diminishes .

This would occur if the winner of the initial contract benefited from learning-by-doing during its execution and was able to appropriate those benefits , enabling him to compete advantageously when terms are renegotiated .
this would occur if the winner of the [first] contract benefited from learning-by-doing during its execution and was able to appropriate those benefits , enabling him to compete advantageously when terms are renegotiated .

If time also gives advantages to the initial winners of a contract , arrangements for the final settlement of terms must not only be flexible , but also able to deal with opportunistic behaviour at the final settlement date .
if time also gives advantages to the [first] winners of a contract , arrangements for the final settlement of terms must not only be flexible , but also able to deal with opportunistic behaviour at the final settlement date .

As discussed in Section 1 , any later renegotiation of terms would then be confined to parties to the initial contract .
as discussed in section 1 , any later renegotiation of terms would then be confined to parties to the [first] contract .

The liberality or otherwise of such Community arrangements will help to answer our initial question .
the liberality or otherwise of such community arrangements will help to answer our [first] question .

The present project constitutes a pilot study after which it is hoped to set up a longer term project to follow up the initial findings .
the present project constitutes a pilot study after which it is hoped to set up a longer term project to follow up the [first] findings .

An initial study showed that children 's understanding of emotion changes considerably between 6 and 11 years .
an [first] study showed that children 's understanding of emotion changes considerably between 6 and 11 years .

The initial research is pursued in two directions .
the [first] research is pursued in two directions .

From an initial sample of 1000 male faces , two groups are selected , one group comprising faces which people find easy to remember ; the other of faces they find difficult to remember .
from an [first] sample of 1000 male faces , two groups are selected , one group comprising faces which people find easy to remember ; the other of faces they find difficult to remember .

This study is concerned with the initial stages of children 's language acquisition , when they are speaking by using only one word at a time .
this study is concerned with the [first] stages of children 's language acquisition , when they are speaking by using only one word at a time .

Initial research has identified a distinct group of poor child readers : those that perform normally on word recognition tests but show inferior text comprehension .
[first] research has identified a distinct group of poor child readers : those that perform normally on word recognition tests but show inferior text comprehension .

Current models of reading development assert that the child 's phonological knowledge and skills are only brought into play after an initial visual stage , and are involved in conscious decoding from print to sound .
current models of reading development assert that the child 's phonological knowledge and skills are only brought into play after an [first] visual stage , and are involved in conscious decoding from print to sound .

initial and subsequent headteachers and teacher interviews ( 1985- 87 )
[first] and subsequent headteachers and teacher interviews ( 1985- 87 )

The schoolteacher interview data ( 1a,2a,2b ) was analysed by comparing initial and subsequent interviews .
the schoolteacher interview data ( 1a,2a,2b ) was analysed by comparing [first] and subsequent interviews .

She did n't seem in any hurry to resume her clothing , he thought cynically , considering her initial reluctance to shed the dress .
she did n't seem in any hurry to resume her clothing , he thought cynically , considering her [first] reluctance to shed the dress .

One hand came up , cradling her face as he slanted his mouth over hers , softening the demand and yet deepening the kiss with a tender seduction that was as devastating as his initial urgency .
one hand came up , cradling her face as he slanted his mouth over hers , softening the demand and yet deepening the kiss with a tender seduction that was as devastating as his [first] urgency .

They were getting to be quite good friends now , after an initial slightly guilty mistrust on Belinda 's part .
they were getting to be quite good friends now , after an [first] slightly guilty mistrust on belinda 's part .

There are two types of resources : those available and necessary for initial design , and those required for the development and application of the indexing language .
there are two types of resources : those available and necessary for [first] design , and those required for the development and application of the indexing language .

Probably one of the most essential resources is sufficient time for initial thesaurus construction to ensure that the compilation is of a high quality .
probably one of the most essential resources is sufficient time for [first] thesaurus construction to ensure that the compilation is of a high quality .

Stein 's book may have influenced the initial formulation of Marx 's conception of the proletariat in capitalist society ( Avineri , 1972 , pp .
stein 's book may have influenced the [first] formulation of marx 's conception of the proletariat in capitalist society ( avineri , 1972 , pp .

Engels ( 1874 ) , in an essay on authority directed against the anarchists , commented upon violent political revolutions that ‘ a revolution is certainly the most authoritarian thing there is ’ , but he did not go on to consider whether the authoritarianism of an armed revolutionary struggle might not subsequently become firmly entrenched in the practices of a post-revolutionary government ; and he could not foresee that the ‘ dictatorship of the proletariat ’ ( a phrase which he and Marx occasionally used in order to refer to the political dominance of the working class , conceived as the vast majority of the population , in the initial phase of socialist society ) would be transformed into a plain dictatorship and a reign of terror , turned against the people themselves .
engels ( 1874 ) , in an essay on authority directed against the anarchists , commented upon violent political revolutions that ‘ a revolution is certainly the most authoritarian thing there is ’ , but he did not go on to consider whether the authoritarianism of an armed revolutionary struggle might not subsequently become firmly entrenched in the practices of a post-revolutionary government ; and he could not foresee that the ‘ dictatorship of the proletariat ’ ( a phrase which he and marx occasionally used in order to refer to the political dominance of the working class , conceived as the vast majority of the population , in the [first] phase of socialist society ) would be transformed into a plain dictatorship and a reign of terror , turned against the people themselves .

Her initial instinct was to hit out at him in violent retaliation , the insults unendurable and unanswerable in any other way , and yet at the same time , some still , small place of recognition at the centre of all that red-hot emotion was acknowledging the kernel of truth hidden within the offensive words .
her [first] instinct was to hit out at him in violent retaliation , the insults unendurable and unanswerable in any other way , and yet at the same time , some still , small place of recognition at the centre of all that red-hot emotion was acknowledging the kernel of truth hidden within the offensive words .

Later , as they strolled on neat walkways and over pretty Oriental stone bridges , Luke 's mood grew more relaxed , so Maria reintroduced the subject which had been the initial cause of their earlier conflict .
later , as they strolled on neat walkways and over pretty oriental stone bridges , luke 's mood grew more relaxed , so maria reintroduced the subject which had been the [first] cause of their earlier conflict .

Suppose that the initial capital stock is k and in Fig .
suppose that the [first] capital stock is k and in fig .

The final outcome depends on the initial capital stock : if , the economy converges to if , k tends to zero .
the final outcome depends on the [first] capital stock : if , the economy converges to if , k tends to zero .

Provided that in the limit the last term tends to zero ( as with and , then the present value of taxes equals the initial bond issue .
provided that in the limit the last term tends to zero ( as with and , then the present value of taxes equals the [first] bond issue .

And besides , it occurred to her , her eyes narrowing as she continued to watch him , there was something different about him today , some quality that had definitely not been there yesterday , and that in her initial agitation had eluded her till now .
and besides , it occurred to her , her eyes narrowing as she continued to watch him , there was something different about him today , some quality that had definitely not been there yesterday , and that in her [first] agitation had eluded her till now .

Although signatures can be added after the initial printing of the Motion ( and usually are ) , its impact is judged very much on the amount of support it receives on first printing .
although signatures can be added after the [first] printing of the motion ( and usually are ) , its impact is judged very much on the amount of support it receives on first printing .

The initial aim of this application was to show that in a model in which agents were fully rational , even to the extent of having rational expectations , movements in nominal spending could still affect aggregate real output or employment .
the [first] aim of this application was to show that in a model in which agents were fully rational , even to the extent of having rational expectations , movements in nominal spending could still affect aggregate real output or employment .

The model obtained by combining rational expectations and the simple natural rate hypothesis produces a particularly dramatic policy conclusion , and one which gave rational expectations some initial notoriety , for it suggested that the Keynesian approach to macroeconomic policy which governments in many countries had adopted after the Second World War was at best unnecessary and at worst harmful .
the model obtained by combining rational expectations and the simple natural rate hypothesis produces a particularly dramatic policy conclusion , and one which gave rational expectations some [first] notoriety , for it suggested that the keynesian approach to macroeconomic policy which governments in many countries had adopted after the second world war was at best unnecessary and at worst harmful .

If one market fails to clear , this will have repercussions in other markets and these in turn may further affect the disequilibrium in the initial market .
if one market fails to clear , this will have repercussions in other markets and these in turn may further affect the disequilibrium in the [first] market .

To be mutually consistent the constrained demand for goods must ration firms in a manner that restricts their demand for labour to give rise to the initial constrained demand for goods .
to be mutually consistent the constrained demand for goods must ration firms in a manner that restricts their demand for labour to give rise to the [first] constrained demand for goods .

His initial task then is to identify this process .
his [first] task then is to identify this process .

Hot bands differ from fundamentals only in that the initial state of the transition is a vibrationally excited state , and not the vibrational ground state of the molecule .
hot bands differ from fundamentals only in that the [first] state of the transition is a vibrationally excited state , and not the vibrational ground state of the molecule .

This is of course not possible , and we should rather conclude that any intermediate , formed by the initial attack of Cl - on , must have no significant absorption in the spectral range studied , or that its concentration is never so great that it contributes significantly to the spectrum .
this is of course not possible , and we should rather conclude that any intermediate , formed by the [first] attack of cl - on , must have no significant absorption in the spectral range studied , or that its concentration is never so great that it contributes significantly to the spectrum .

As an initial hypothesis , this seems reasonable : given the amounts of money involved in the experiment , and the fact that their payment was the total over the eight periods of the experiment , this would seem to be a reasonable approximation .
as an [first] hypothesis , this seems reasonable : given the amounts of money involved in the experiment , and the fact that their payment was the total over the eight periods of the experiment , this would seem to be a reasonable approximation .

With 29 regressors and only 49 observations , degrees of freedom were limited , prohibiting the initial use of instrumental variables .
with 29 regressors and only 49 observations , degrees of freedom were limited , prohibiting the [first] use of instrumental variables .

The initial procedure in preparing for analysis is the systematic checking of the materials to ensure that identification numbers and labels are all present and legible .
the [first] procedure in preparing for analysis is the systematic checking of the materials to ensure that identification numbers and labels are all present and legible .

The total weight of fine sediment undergoing analysis is fifty times the sediment extracted in the initial ( 58 s ) sample .
the total weight of fine sediment undergoing analysis is fifty times the sediment extracted in the [first] ( 58 s ) sample .

The quantities of initial sample used in different centres varies from 4 to 35 g per 1000 ml but in practice the most satisfactory concentrations from the viewpoint of reproducibility have been found to be between 10 and 20 g per 1000 ml .
the quantities of [first] sample used in different centres varies from 4 to 35 g per 1000 ml but in practice the most satisfactory concentrations from the viewpoint of reproducibility have been found to be between 10 and 20 g per 1000 ml .

Compaction may cause fine particles to move into direct contact with their neighbours so a high initial porosity may become drastically reduced with burial .
compaction may cause fine particles to move into direct contact with their neighbours so a high [first] porosity may become drastically reduced with burial .

Cold setting resins such as ‘ Epo-tek ’ are convenient for impregnation as they have a low initial viscosity and thus penetrate very well .
cold setting resins such as ‘ epo-tek ’ are convenient for impregnation as they have a low [first] viscosity and thus penetrate very well .

This initial thickness allows the final 30 µm section to be entirely in the undamaged layer .
this [first] thickness allows the final 30 µm section to be entirely in the undamaged layer .

Initial impregnation and embedding , if required , will have been completed as detailed above .
[first] impregnation and embedding , if required , will have been completed as detailed above .

Their examination profits from the use of ultra-thin sections ( Chapter 4 ) , employed initially in studies of carbonate diagenesis ( Lindholm & dean , 1973 ) , so that initial research into mudrock diagenesis can now be carried out with a good petrological microscope .
their examination profits from the use of ultra-thin sections ( chapter 4 ) , employed initially in studies of carbonate diagenesis ( lindholm & dean , 1973 ) , so that [first] research into mudrock diagenesis can now be carried out with a good petrological microscope .

Initial dissolution leads to the corrosion of grain margins and cement terminations .
[first] dissolution leads to the corrosion of grain margins and cement terminations .

It was at least gratifying to know that his initial dislike of the young man had been justified .
it was at least gratifying to know that his [first] dislike of the young man had been justified .

The appropriate formula is where is the rate of discount , the redemption value , the initial price of the bill and n the time to redemption in years .
the appropriate formula is where is the rate of discount , the redemption value , the [first] price of the bill and n the time to redemption in years .

The girl remained unseen , but the man emerged a moment later , his eyes , as they caught Huy 's , switching from initial guilt to fraternal collusion as he saw that Huy was someone he did not know .
the girl remained unseen , but the man emerged a moment later , his eyes , as they caught huy 's , switching from [first] guilt to fraternal collusion as he saw that huy was someone he did not know .

In specifically educational matters , stress was laid on both initial and in-service training of teachers to attune them to the needs of ethnic minority groups and to improve their understanding of a multicultural approach to education .
in specifically educational matters , stress was laid on both [first] and in-service training of teachers to attune them to the needs of ethnic minority groups and to improve their understanding of a multicultural approach to education .

As well as occupying a more important place in initial teacher training , English language should become one of the ‘ national priority areas ’ for in-service training of teachers .
as well as occupying a more important place in [first] teacher training , english language should become one of the ‘ national priority areas ’ for in-service training of teachers .

The initial difficulty with discussing curvature in our three-dimensional world is best appreciated by referring to the analogous case of a two-dimensional being living in a curved two-dimensional surface .
the [first] difficulty with discussing curvature in our three-dimensional world is best appreciated by referring to the analogous case of a two-dimensional being living in a curved two-dimensional surface .

’ Folly looked back at the list , but the names , in most cases just initial and surname , told her nothing .
’ folly looked back at the list , but the names , in most cases just [first] and surname , told her nothing .

And thankfully , after the initial shock , he had handled the situation better than she had expected .
and thankfully , after the [first] shock , he had handled the situation better than she had expected .

After the initial impatience in his voice he sounded gentler , less forbidding .
after the [first] impatience in his voice he sounded gentler , less forbidding .

Any initial work in multicultural mathematics may be seen to be tokenistic , especially if the only obvious reason for its inclusion is that it represents other cultures .
any [first] work in multicultural mathematics may be seen to be tokenistic , especially if the only obvious reason for its inclusion is that it represents other cultures .

After some initial scepticism , Betty gave enthusiastic support to the venture .
after some [first] scepticism , betty gave enthusiastic support to the venture .

As these case studies show , even when the willingness to change is there , whether the initial impetus comes from within or without , actually bringing about change is hard for the individual .
as these case studies show , even when the willingness to change is there , whether the [first] impetus comes from within or without , actually bringing about change is hard for the individual .

Such a strategy assumes not only that the user will be persuaded by the rational appeal of the initiative ( as in instrumental approaches ) but that it will be ‘ legitimized by a range of social and cultural values , attitudes and skills to ensure commitment on the part of the initial users to adopt it .
such a strategy assumes not only that the user will be persuaded by the rational appeal of the initiative ( as in instrumental approaches ) but that it will be ‘ legitimized by a range of social and cultural values , attitudes and skills to ensure commitment on the part of the [first] users to adopt it .

The initial treatment of two of the major characters in the book , Bodser Brown and Audrey Parton , provides an interesting contrast . Bodser Brown a bully , who develops as a decidedly unsympathetic character eliciting mainly censure from the narrator ( and probably the reader ) is nonetheless introduced positively :
the [first] treatment of two of the major characters in the book , bodser brown and audrey parton , provides an interesting contrast . bodser brown a bully , who develops as a decidedly unsympathetic character eliciting mainly censure from the narrator ( and probably the reader ) is nonetheless introduced positively :

Pattern is created out of initial , seemingly random , information so reducing its complexity .
pattern is created out of [first] , seemingly random , information so reducing its complexity .

For Kaelin the initial resistance of a work to analysis , along with the way in which this gives way to a richer post-analytic experience , can also be used as a means of assessing its value .
for kaelin the [first] resistance of a work to analysis , along with the way in which this gives way to a richer post-analytic experience , can also be used as a means of assessing its value .

‘ Active constitution ’ involves a bringing together of this qualitative ensemble in such a way as to strengthen , modify or weaken the initial felt response .
‘ active constitution ’ involves a bringing together of this qualitative ensemble in such a way as to strengthen , modify or weaken the [first] felt response .

This in turn stimulates a return to the initial stage of ‘ intuitive grasping ’ , and a summing of consequent perceptions in a way reflective of Neisser 's ‘ perceptual cycle ’ .
this in turn stimulates a return to the [first] stage of ‘ intuitive grasping ’ , and a summing of consequent perceptions in a way reflective of neisser 's ‘ perceptual cycle ’ .

Glanville Jones thinks that they may go back to pre-Roman times in many cases ; June Sheppard has shown that the estate at Marden in Herefordshire , which has Roman settlements , a Saxon palace site , and a ninth-century minster on the site of the initial burial of St Ethelbert , was almost certainly the estate attached to Sutton Walls , the pre-Roman hillfort in the area which was reoccupied in post-Roman times ( Fig .
glanville jones thinks that they may go back to pre-roman times in many cases ; june sheppard has shown that the estate at marden in herefordshire , which has roman settlements , a saxon palace site , and a ninth-century minster on the site of the [first] burial of st ethelbert , was almost certainly the estate attached to sutton walls , the pre-roman hillfort in the area which was reoccupied in post-roman times ( fig .

Desmond Bonney followed his initial research by an examination of parish boundaries associated with Roman roads and late prehistoric linear earthworks .
desmond bonney followed his [first] research by an examination of parish boundaries associated with roman roads and late prehistoric linear earthworks .

The bell for lunch was going when Mike Pumfrey and Sergeant Fenniway finished the main part of their initial interviews .
the bell for lunch was going when mike pumfrey and sergeant fenniway finished the main part of their [first] interviews .

It was a mystery to know how the judges made their decisions , they were all so good ( indeed , the 28 had been culled from over 100 initial applications ) .
it was a mystery to know how the judges made their decisions , they were all so good ( indeed , the 28 had been culled from over 100 [first] applications ) .

Obviously this would n't be quite enough — the rail rolling stock , for instance , has a higher initial cost ( but a longer lifespan ) .
obviously this would n't be quite enough — the rail rolling stock , for instance , has a higher [first] cost ( but a longer lifespan ) .

Initial applications in the glass melting industry have been well received by customers .
[first] applications in the glass melting industry have been well received by customers .

The choice then lies between staying in and going through with the change despite initial disfavour or staying in and changing either reluctantly or superficially .
the choice then lies between staying in and going through with the change despite [first] disfavour or staying in and changing either reluctantly or superficially .

Nor , in an atmosphere of reluctance , can the initiator be confident that a participator 's initial dependence on other people 's ideas and energy will in due course be turned into well-informed independence .
nor , in an atmosphere of reluctance , can the initiator be confident that a participator 's [first] dependence on other people 's ideas and energy will in due course be turned into well-informed independence .

In a management plan which guarantees quality , those who manage are able to make a systematic connection between differing aspects of initial teacher education and differing types of teacher performance in the school .
in a management plan which guarantees quality , those who manage are able to make a systematic connection between differing aspects of [first] teacher education and differing types of teacher performance in the school .

In the still longer term it would be possible for national planners and institutional managers of initial teacher education to adjust the mix of curriculum , pedagogy and school-based learning in such a way as to narrow avoidable gaps between initial and in-service teacher education .
in the still longer term it would be possible for national planners and institutional managers of [first] teacher education to adjust the mix of curriculum , pedagogy and school-based learning in such a way as to narrow avoidable gaps between [first] and in-service teacher education .

This seems to be an accurate description of the initial decisions about seeking entry into higher education .
this seems to be an accurate description of the [first] decisions about seeking entry into higher education .

There were few evaluations of successful innovation which matched , for instance , the clarity of Warburton and Southgate ( 1969 ) in their work on the initial teaching alphabet .
there were few evaluations of successful innovation which matched , for instance , the clarity of warburton and southgate ( 1969 ) in their work on the [first] teaching alphabet .

After sorting out their unequivocal conclusion from those which were divergent they ended their work with a statement which underlined how managers as well as researchers need to be ready periodically to go over old ground ( Warburton and Southgate 1969 : 284 ) : It would be unfortunate if the mainly favourable tone of this report was taken to imply that the use of the initial teaching alphabet for beginning reading with infants was the final and only solution .
after sorting out their unequivocal conclusion from those which were divergent they ended their work with a statement which underlined how managers as well as researchers need to be ready periodically to go over old ground ( warburton and southgate 1969 : 284 ) : it would be unfortunate if the mainly favourable tone of this report was taken to imply that the use of the [first] teaching alphabet for beginning reading with infants was the final and only solution .

My own department , Marketing , was involved in the initial investigation into this product .
my own department , marketing , was involved in the [first] investigation into this product .

In return for the initial outlay the gardener will obtain a place to grow aquatic plants and a mini nature reserve for insects , birds , newts etc .
in return for the [first] outlay the gardener will obtain a place to grow aquatic plants and a mini nature reserve for insects , birds , newts etc .

To make initial contact with the education sectors of the main churches .
to make [first] contact with the education sectors of the main churches .

The initial proposal includes a compulsory course on Theological issues in Development such as Humanity and the World ( eg theology and hope ; theology and justice ; theology and communities ) ; the Church ( eg theology as reflecting on practice ; as witness to the kingdom of God ) ; and Methodology ( eg theology and secular science ) .
the [first] proposal includes a compulsory course on theological issues in development such as humanity and the world ( eg theology and hope ; theology and justice ; theology and communities ) ; the church ( eg theology as reflecting on practice ; as witness to the kingdom of god ) ; and methodology ( eg theology and secular science ) .

Increasingly the role of initial assessment will take on a new importance and will focus on centres ' guidance structures and procedures .
increasingly the role of [first] assessment will take on a new importance and will focus on centres ' guidance structures and procedures .

4.2 Preferred entry level statements in the module descriptors give guidance on the demands of different modules in the cognate group and provide points of reference for selection and initial registration .
4.2 preferred entry level statements in the module descriptors give guidance on the demands of different modules in the cognate group and provide points of reference for selection and [first] registration .

the initial approach to the investigation ;
the [first] approach to the investigation ;

It is submitted that in just four years the Commissioner and her team have succeeded , to a great extent , in ironing out many of the initial difficulties which were encountered .
it is submitted that in just four years the commissioner and her team have succeeded , to a great extent , in ironing out many of the [first] difficulties which were encountered .

Moreover , although Rask was concerned with the initial decision to contract out , what the Court says seems equally applicable to any subsequent transfer of the function to another sub-contractor .
moreover , although rask was concerned with the [first] decision to contract out , what the court says seems equally applicable to any subsequent transfer of the function to another sub-contractor .

Encourage members to be up to date in risk assessment and management by inclusion of appropriate initial education and continuing professional development .
encourage members to be up to date in risk assessment and management by inclusion of appropriate [first] education and continuing professional development .

The Board for Engineers ' Registration ( which comprises nominees from engineering Institutions ) and its associated committees is asked to play a leading role in the introduction of risk assessment and management in initial and continuing education and training for engineers .
the board for engineers ' registration ( which comprises nominees from engineering institutions ) and its associated committees is asked to play a leading role in the introduction of risk assessment and management in [first] and continuing education and training for engineers .

Provide a general awareness of risk issues for all engineers during their initial formation .
provide a general awareness of risk issues for all engineers during their [first] formation .

Give leadership to providers and encourage inclusion of risk awareness , assessment and management in initial and continuing education and training/professional development of all engineers .
give leadership to providers and encourage inclusion of risk awareness , assessment and management in [first] and continuing education and training/professional development of all engineers .

Judgement is particularly important in the initial assessment of risks and deciding on their tolerability .
judgement is particularly important in the [first] assessment of risks and deciding on their tolerability .

the operating crew ‘ reacted to the initial problem prematurely and in a way contrary to their training ’
the operating crew ‘ reacted to the [first] problem prematurely and in a way contrary to their training ’

the initial explosion put the main power supplies and the control room out of action
the [first] explosion put the main power supplies and the control room out of action

Risk issues and approaches to risk management should be integrated into every engineer 's initial education and training .
risk issues and approaches to risk management should be integrated into every engineer 's [first] education and training .

Yet the First World War produced exactly the opposite result : after an initial rise from 120,000 in 1914 to 600,000 in 1915 the number of children taking meals fell to 75,000 in 1918 — caused , of course , by the fact that improved employment opportunities and higher real wages brought about by the war economy lifted an increasing number of parents above the eligibility level .
yet the first world war produced exactly the opposite result : after an [first] rise from 120,000 in 1914 to 600,000 in 1915 the number of children taking meals fell to 75,000 in 1918 — caused , of course , by the fact that improved employment opportunities and higher real wages brought about by the war economy lifted an increasing number of parents above the eligibility level .

This chapter will , therefore , examine evacuation as an historical episode by addressing three issues : first , why the initial evacuation scheme was such a failure — and whether this failure was caused , as many middle-class observers argued , by the children 's behaviour .
this chapter will , therefore , examine evacuation as an historical episode by addressing three issues : first , why the [first] evacuation scheme was such a failure — and whether this failure was caused , as many middle-class observers argued , by the children 's behaviour .

The initial and understandable — impression of teachers was that children were thriving on country life .
the [first] and understandable — impression of teachers was that children were thriving on country life .

For instance , nationalisation of basic industries could be advocated both from a Keynesian and a socialist viewpoint , but for a Keynesian it was not an initial step preparatory to full common ownership of the means of production , distribution and exchange , but a pragmatic move to enable the economy to be run more efficiently .
for instance , nationalisation of basic industries could be advocated both from a keynesian and a socialist viewpoint , but for a keynesian it was not an [first] step preparatory to full common ownership of the means of production , distribution and exchange , but a pragmatic move to enable the economy to be run more efficiently .

Moreover , memory may be impaired for a variety of reasons , lack of initial attention is not the only possible explanation .
moreover , memory may be impaired for a variety of reasons , lack of [first] attention is not the only possible explanation .

Although this research has largely been conducted with the intention of studying perception rather than memory , the frequent use of recall tests gives some insight into the overall levels of memory performance and the possible dissociations between initial perception of road signs and subsequent memory for them .
although this research has largely been conducted with the intention of studying perception rather than memory , the frequent use of recall tests gives some insight into the overall levels of memory performance and the possible dissociations between [first] perception of road signs and subsequent memory for them .

Such descriptions may have represented incorrect initial perceptions , confabulations , memories for previous drives , confusions between events at two or more similar junctions or correct descriptions of information not captured by the video camera .
such descriptions may have represented incorrect [first] perceptions , confabulations , memories for previous drives , confusions between events at two or more similar junctions or correct descriptions of information not captured by the video camera .

On initial inspection the curve in Figure 3.3 appears to show just such an inverted-U relationship , however , on closer scrutiny it is clear that the points which represent a downturn in the curve are not based on enough data to make them reliable .
on [first] inspection the curve in figure 3.3 appears to show just such an inverted-u relationship , however , on closer scrutiny it is clear that the points which represent a downturn in the curve are not based on enough data to make them reliable .

And judging by the initial reaction , instructor , Group trainee Chris Speck , is confident that they are going to flourish .
and judging by the [first] reaction , instructor , group trainee chris speck , is confident that they are going to flourish .

Ray says : ‘ It seems that life has changed very little in the area since the initial contract completion .
ray says : ‘ it seems that life has changed very little in the area since the [first] contract completion .

This attention to detail begins at the initial planning stage when Kate will work with the architects and engineers on the proposed layout .
this attention to detail begins at the [first] planning stage when kate will work with the architects and engineers on the proposed layout .

It is certainly not enough to say that the former position shows `` attribution `` and the latter `` predication `` ; one must go on to say what these terms of one 's theory mean , and if our account is to be genuinely explanatory , we must do so in ways which can be related to concepts and phenomena which stand outside our initial theory .
it is certainly not enough to say that the former position shows `` attribution `` and the latter `` predication `` ; one must go on to say what these terms of one 's theory mean , and if our account is to be genuinely explanatory , we must do so in ways which can be related to concepts and phenomena which stand outside our [first] theory .

To answer the initial question first , it is certainly true that for ascriptive adjectives at least , with adjective and noun held constant , alternation between qualification and assignment can produce no difference in either the entity identified or the pattern of assignment of properties .
to answer the [first] question first , it is certainly true that for ascriptive adjectives at least , with adjective and noun held constant , alternation between qualification and assignment can produce no difference in either the entity identified or the pattern of assignment of properties .

stated explicitly to be valid for the entity concerned — on the grounds that it is felt to be a characteristic sufficiently basic to the entity not to need assignment , as opposed to being called upon as an initial qualifying and identifying element .
stated explicitly to be valid for the entity concerned — on the grounds that it is felt to be a characteristic sufficiently basic to the entity not to need assignment , as opposed to being called upon as an [first] qualifying and identifying element .

This will be the reason for the oddity of ( 54 ) where one such basic property is related to its noun through assignment , by contrast with the normality of ( 55 ) where it is given as one of the initial identifying properties of the subject entity ( there is obviously no difference of truth-value between the two ) : ( 54 ) ?
this will be the reason for the oddity of ( 54 ) where one such basic property is related to its noun through assignment , by contrast with the normality of ( 55 ) where it is given as one of the [first] identifying properties of the subject entity ( there is obviously no difference of truth-value between the two ) : ( 54 ) ?

The initial verb + noun phrase combination shows in essence a property word extended by an entity word , and it therefore remains a ( complex ) property ; the adjective then further extends this property ; but because it is an adjective rather than an adverb , its own property is understood as applicable to the entity identified by the noun phrase , with the important reservation , demanded by the intensional structure , that it will not be applied to it unconditionally but only insofar as that entity stands in relation to the verb which accompanies it .
the [first] verb + noun phrase combination shows in essence a property word extended by an entity word , and it therefore remains a ( complex ) property ; the adjective then further extends this property ; but because it is an adjective rather than an adverb , its own property is understood as applicable to the entity identified by the noun phrase , with the important reservation , demanded by the intensional structure , that it will not be applied to it unconditionally but only insofar as that entity stands in relation to the verb which accompanies it .

We should not , however , expect a question for the initial verb alone since this is only possible in English for verbs which describe something as being , in some as yet ill-defined sense , `` done `` to their objects : ( 69 ) what did Rafferty do to the cistern ?
we should not , however , expect a question for the [first] verb alone since this is only possible in english for verbs which describe something as being , in some as yet ill-defined sense , `` done `` to their objects : ( 69 ) what did rafferty do to the cistern ?

We do not , either , expect a question for the combination of the initial property and the entity , and indeed there are no such forms of question .
we do not , either , expect a question for the combination of the [first] property and the entity , and indeed there are no such forms of question .

We will postpone discussion of the extraclausals until Chapter 9 , but a reliable and well-justified rule of thumb is that extraclausals , unlike postverbals , are always equivalent , in their semantic effect , to otherwise similar constructions where the adjective appears in initial position . Both the following sentences may be accepted as grammatical , but only the second is equivalent to any sentence which has already been cited in this section : ( 46 ) ill , their best salesman fell breathless , two stagehands appeared
we will postpone discussion of the extraclausals until chapter 9 , but a reliable and well-justified rule of thumb is that extraclausals , unlike postverbals , are always equivalent , in their semantic effect , to otherwise similar constructions where the adjective appears in [first] position . both the following sentences may be accepted as grammatical , but only the second is equivalent to any sentence which has already been cited in this section : ( 46 ) ill , their best salesman fell breathless , two stagehands appeared

total sponsorships of a vehicle ( normally for an initial period of 3 years )
total sponsorships of a vehicle ( normally for an [first] period of 3 years )

It is also possible that some research is directed towards developing a technique , methodology , computer program , or piece of equipment which has wide applicability , but whose initial testing was carried out within some field of Scottish geology .
it is also possible that some research is directed towards developing a technique , methodology , computer program , or piece of equipment which has wide applicability , but whose [first] testing was carried out within some field of scottish geology .

The list of journals was examined by date of publication , to see if there were any trends in journals publishing theses authors ’ initial scientific contributions .
the list of journals was examined by date of publication , to see if there were any trends in journals publishing theses authors ’ [first] scientific contributions .

Margolis , in a similar study , found that there was an initial build-up of citations which occurred until the third year after publication .
margolis , in a similar study , found that there was an [first] build-up of citations which occurred until the third year after publication .

In general , it would be true to say that most authors , once they have published their major research findings , feel no need to cite the ‘ raw ’ thesis upon which their initial publications are based .
in general , it would be true to say that most authors , once they have published their major research findings , feel no need to cite the ‘ raw ’ thesis upon which their [first] publications are based .

Selectivity affects variables or attributes that influence the outcome or the dependent variable : the problem is , if using the experimental mock-up , to separate out this initial selectivity from the impact of the institution , in this case , the military .
selectivity affects variables or attributes that influence the outcome or the dependent variable : the problem is , if using the experimental mock-up , to separate out this [first] selectivity from the impact of the institution , in this case , the military .

The order of questions is another matter which needs careful attention : initial questions may predispose answers to later ones .
the order of questions is another matter which needs careful attention : [first] questions may predispose answers to later ones .

The initial composition of Panic 's `` government of experts `` was announced the same day .
the [first] composition of panic 's `` government of experts `` was announced the same day .

According to Xinhua , an initial analysis had indicated that it was `` a major accident of irresponsibility `` arising from `` insufficient investment `` when the mine was renovated after a similar disaster in 1980 .
according to xinhua , an [first] analysis had indicated that it was `` a major accident of irresponsibility `` arising from `` insufficient investment `` when the mine was renovated after a similar disaster in 1980 .

Initial results gave the conservative coalition 47 seats in the 99-seat legislature of Australia 's most populous state , compared with 60 in the outgoing legislature .
[first] results gave the conservative coalition 47 seats in the 99-seat legislature of australia 's most populous state , compared with 60 in the outgoing legislature .

Initial optimism concerning the overthrow of Avril 's military regime in March 1990 proved unfounded , as the interim Pascal-Trouillot government appeared unwilling and unable to counter the prevailing climate of violence and corruption or to champion genuine political reform .
[first] optimism concerning the overthrow of avril 's military regime in march 1990 proved unfounded , as the interim pascal-trouillot government appeared unwilling and unable to counter the prevailing climate of violence and corruption or to champion genuine political reform .

In November 1990 the `` Paris Club `` of Western creditor countries rescheduled $ 530,000,000 of bilateral debt over 10 years with an initial five-year grace period .
in november 1990 the `` paris club `` of western creditor countries rescheduled $ 530,000,000 of bilateral debt over 10 years with an [first] five-year grace period .

There was initial optimism that there had been a breakthrough in relations between Syria and Israel , but by Aug. 27 , Palestinian negotiators were expressing disappointment at the detailed autonomy proposals presented by the new Labour government .
there was [first] optimism that there had been a breakthrough in relations between syria and israel , but by aug. 27 , palestinian negotiators were expressing disappointment at the detailed autonomy proposals presented by the new labour government .

Initial claims by refugees fleeing the area that 1,000 people had been massacred were later denied by the local authorities , who said that 49 people had died .
[first] claims by refugees fleeing the area that 1,000 people had been massacred were later denied by the local authorities , who said that 49 people had died .

Although little hard information was released concerning the nature of targets and the level of damage inflicted by the air campaign , it appeared that the initial attacks were directed against Iraqi command structures , airfields , missile sites , chemical and nuclear facilities and elements of civilian infrastructure such as electrical power plants .
although little hard information was released concerning the nature of targets and the level of damage inflicted by the air campaign , it appeared that the [first] attacks were directed against iraqi command structures , airfields , missile sites , chemical and nuclear facilities and elements of civilian infrastructure such as electrical power plants .

Seven missiles were launched against Israel ( and one against Dahran ) in an initial attack in the early hours of Jan. 17 .
seven missiles were launched against israel ( and one against dahran ) in an [first] attack in the early hours of jan. 17 .

Initial fears that the Scuds were carrying chemical warheads proved groundless .
[first] fears that the scuds were carrying chemical warheads proved groundless .

Media organizations , eager to disseminate stories with maximum speed on the basis of initial reports , ran a particular risk not only of news management by those giving their briefings , but also of giving prominence to `` news `` which later proved incorrect .
media organizations , eager to disseminate stories with maximum speed on the basis of [first] reports , ran a particular risk not only of news management by those giving their briefings , but also of giving prominence to `` news `` which later proved incorrect .

Both measures were intended to curb the 1991 budget deficit after initial projections had put it at Rbs250,000 million .
both measures were intended to curb the 1991 budget deficit after [first] projections had put it at rbs250,000 million .

Initial results put the vote at 99.5 per cent for Niyazov , who was sworn in on June 26 and assumed leadership of the Cabinet of Ministers .
[first] results put the vote at 99.5 per cent for niyazov , who was sworn in on june 26 and assumed leadership of the cabinet of ministers .

Despite initial confusion over whether Snegur would accept the resignations , on July 1 185 out of 244 deputies voted to appoint former Agriculture Minister , Andrei Sangheli , as Prime Minister .
despite [first] confusion over whether snegur would accept the resignations , on july 1 185 out of 244 deputies voted to appoint former agriculture minister , andrei sangheli , as prime minister .

The initial mandate for the stationing of multinational forces in Turkey had been granted by Turkey 's National Assembly on Jan. 17 , 1991 , during the Gulf war [ see p. 37936 ] , while the Kurdish crisis of April had led to the deployment of further multinational ground forces from bases in Turkey .
the [first] mandate for the stationing of multinational forces in turkey had been granted by turkey 's national assembly on jan. 17 , 1991 , during the gulf war [ see p. 37936 ] , while the kurdish crisis of april had led to the deployment of further multinational ground forces from bases in turkey .

Although initial reports had suggested that delegates were divided over key issues pertaining to site inspections and verification , the meeting agreed to strengthen measures to enforce the treaty and delegated a working group to study the feasibility of monitoring mechanisms .
although [first] reports had suggested that delegates were divided over key issues pertaining to site inspections and verification , the meeting agreed to strengthen measures to enforce the treaty and delegated a working group to study the feasibility of monitoring mechanisms .

Soviet troop withdrawals from Czechoslovak territory were completed in June 1991 , but the bilateral treaty with the Soviet Union was delayed by the Soviet Union 's initial insistence that Czechoslovakia should not conclude any treaties with a third party without consultation .
soviet troop withdrawals from czechoslovak territory were completed in june 1991 , but the bilateral treaty with the soviet union was delayed by the soviet union 's [first] insistence that czechoslovakia should not conclude any treaties with a third party without consultation .

In June among the initial measures of Cresson 's government were bills providing for ( i ) hospital reform ( designed to tighten government regulations over private components of the national health system , approved by the National Assembly on its first reading on April 29 , by the Senate on June 7 and finally by the National Assembly on June 19 and prompting protests by 60,000-100,000 people on June 11 ) ; ( ii ) tougher penalties for desecrating graves ( approved on June 14 following the desecration of Jewish graves in Carpentras in May 1990 — see p. 37468 ; for earlier legislation against racism see p. 37683 ) ; and ( iii ) restrictions on telephone tapping ( the latter receiving the approval of the National Assembly on June 13 and of the Senate on June 25 ) .
in june among the [first] measures of cresson 's government were bills providing for ( i ) hospital reform ( designed to tighten government regulations over private components of the national health system , approved by the national assembly on its first reading on april 29 , by the senate on june 7 and finally by the national assembly on june 19 and prompting protests by 60,000-100,000 people on june 11 ) ; ( ii ) tougher penalties for desecrating graves ( approved on june 14 following the desecration of jewish graves in carpentras in may 1990 — see p. 37468 ; for earlier legislation against racism see p. 37683 ) ; and ( iii ) restrictions on telephone tapping ( the latter receiving the approval of the national assembly on june 13 and of the senate on june 25 ) .

The new Prime Minister 's initial popularity soon fell .
the new prime minister 's [first] popularity soon fell .

Initial fears that oil from the tanker would cause an environmental hazard proved unfounded .
[first] fears that oil from the tanker would cause an environmental hazard proved unfounded .

He said that there had been an unprecedented 37 per cent rise in the number of recently arrived Soviet Jews who applied for unemployment benefit in March , as increasing numbers ended their initial period of direct state support .
he said that there had been an unprecedented 37 per cent rise in the number of recently arrived soviet jews who applied for unemployment benefit in march , as increasing numbers ended their [first] period of direct state support .

( As announced on May 22 , this formula involved most of the second phase meetings taking place at Stormont , but with an initial second-phase meeting in London and an end-of-phase meeting in Dublin . )
( as announced on may 22 , this formula involved most of the second phase meetings taking place at stormont , but with an [first] second-phase meeting in london and an end-of-phase meeting in dublin . )

The ruling effectively voided the British legal notion of the `` discretionary `` life sentence , under which the Home Office had the power to extend prisoners ' actual terms in gaol , or detain them again after an initial release ( known as `` release under licence `` ) if they were deemed to be a danger to society .
the ruling effectively voided the british legal notion of the `` discretionary `` life sentence , under which the home office had the power to extend prisoners ' actual terms in gaol , or detain them again after an [first] release ( known as `` release under licence `` ) if they were deemed to be a danger to society .

Miroslav Stepan , former Communist Party secretary in Prague , was sentenced on Oct. 22 to 30 months ' imprisonment following confirmation by an appeal court of his July conviction on charges of abuse of power connected with the suppression of a Prague demonstration on Oct. 28 , 1988 ; a second charge relating to a January 1989 demonstration was referred back to the Prosecutor 's Office [ for his conviction and initial sentence of four years ' imprisonment see p. 37737 ] .
miroslav stepan , former communist party secretary in prague , was sentenced on oct. 22 to 30 months ' imprisonment following confirmation by an appeal court of his july conviction on charges of abuse of power connected with the suppression of a prague demonstration on oct. 28 , 1988 ; a second charge relating to a january 1989 demonstration was referred back to the prosecutor 's office [ for his conviction and [first] sentence of four years ' imprisonment see p. 37737 ] .

Initial optimism after the overthrow in March 1990 of Brig .
[first] optimism after the overthrow in march 1990 of brig .

( The bloc included nationalists and former ministers with no apparent ideological differences with the government , which prompted press speculation that their initial stance was founded largely on their exclusion from the Cabinet . )
( the bloc included nationalists and former ministers with no apparent ideological differences with the government , which prompted press speculation that their [first] stance was founded largely on their exclusion from the cabinet . )

The initial punishment for the four securities houses had been only an instruction to refrain from certain securities transactions for four days .
the [first] punishment for the four securities houses had been only an instruction to refrain from certain securities transactions for four days .

Initial attempts to form government
[first] attempts to form government

This commitment , together with the bipartisan majorities in favour of the measure in both Houses , was in sharp contrast to the partisan disputes which had delayed the passage of the initial benefits extension in late 1991 .
this commitment , together with the bipartisan majorities in favour of the measure in both houses , was in sharp contrast to the partisan disputes which had delayed the passage of the [first] benefits extension in late 1991 .

In his initial statement Casey said only that he was resigning for `` personal reasons `` .
in his [first] statement casey said only that he was resigning for `` personal reasons `` .

For each of the new members an initial quota of special drawing rights ( SDRs ) was established ( 69,000,000 for lithuania , 74,000,000 for Georgia , 43,000,000 for Kirgizstan , 61,000,000 for Latvia , 31,000,000 for Estonia , 45,000,000 for Armenia , 1,500,000 the Marshall Islands and 1,700 million for Switzerland ) .
for each of the new members an [first] quota of special drawing rights ( sdrs ) was established ( 69,000,000 for lithuania , 74,000,000 for georgia , 43,000,000 for kirgizstan , 61,000,000 for latvia , 31,000,000 for estonia , 45,000,000 for armenia , 1,500,000 the marshall islands and 1,700 million for switzerland ) .

" Europol . The European Council agreed on the creation of a European police office ( Europol ) , the initial function of which would be to organize the exchange of information on narcotic drugs at the level of the Community 's 12 member states …
" europol . the european council agreed on the creation of a european police office ( europol ) , the [first] function of which would be to organize the exchange of information on narcotic drugs at the level of the community 's 12 member states …

According to a Tass news agency report the talks covered reductions in the component elements of the armed forces , geographical limits in the application of a general agreement and the exchange of initial data and monitoring .
according to a tass news agency report the talks covered reductions in the component elements of the armed forces , geographical limits in the application of a general agreement and the exchange of [first] data and monitoring .

Taking effect from Nov. 18 , the reforms included ( i ) a 331/3 per cent devaluation of the currency , with an initial base exchange rate of 90 new kwanzas to the United States dollar ; ( ii ) a reduction in personal income tax , taking the top rate from 40 per cent of earned income to 15 per cent ; ( iii ) reduced consumer taxes ; ( iv ) the lifting of price ceilings on all commodities except soap , cooking oil , rice , sugar and baby milk ; ( v ) a new salary scale for public-sector workers , to compensate for the withdrawal of ration cards which had allowed them to buy goods at low prices ; and ( vi ) a minimum national salary of 12,000 kwanzas .
taking effect from nov. 18 , the reforms included ( i ) a 331/3 per cent devaluation of the currency , with an [first] base exchange rate of 90 new kwanzas to the united states dollar ; ( ii ) a reduction in personal income tax , taking the top rate from 40 per cent of earned income to 15 per cent ; ( iii ) reduced consumer taxes ; ( iv ) the lifting of price ceilings on all commodities except soap , cooking oil , rice , sugar and baby milk ; ( v ) a new salary scale for public-sector workers , to compensate for the withdrawal of ration cards which had allowed them to buy goods at low prices ; and ( vi ) a minimum national salary of 12,000 kwanzas .

The Strategic Defence Initiative received $4,150 million , $1,000 million less than requested by Bush ; much of the money would finance deployment by 1996 of an initial , ground-based system of 100 interceptors capable of shooting down incoming missiles , rather than the space-based system conceived by Reagan .
the strategic defence initiative received $4,150 million , $1,000 million less than requested by bush ; much of the money would finance deployment by 1996 of an [first] , ground-based system of 100 interceptors capable of shooting down incoming missiles , rather than the space-based system conceived by reagan .

Taiwan-China talks — Initial agreement on joint action against piracy and smuggling
taiwan-china talks — [first] agreement on joint action against piracy and smuggling

However , the seven republican delegations which attended a further meeting on Nov. 25 refused to initial the Treaty , and sent it back for further discussion in the republican Supreme Soviets .
however , the seven republican delegations which attended a further meeting on nov. 25 refused to [first] the treaty , and sent it back for further discussion in the republican supreme soviets .

After the failure to initial the Treaty , he admitted that `` pressure is being put on my colleagues which raise doubts about the usefulness of preserving the state `` .
after the failure to [first] the treaty , he admitted that `` pressure is being put on my colleagues which raise doubts about the usefulness of preserving the state `` .

Initial estimates that it would take at least two years to extinguish all the fires proved pessimistic as the teams rapidly gained experience in the task .
[first] estimates that it would take at least two years to extinguish all the fires proved pessimistic as the teams rapidly gained experience in the task .

The budget , which was passed by the Diet 's lower house on March 14 , totalled 70,347,000 million yen , a 6.2 per cent increase over the initial budget for fiscal 1990 .
the budget , which was passed by the diet 's lower house on march 14 , totalled 70,347,000 million yen , a 6.2 per cent increase over the [first] budget for fiscal 1990 .

As soon as the result was announced , however , Heseltine and then Hurd conceded to Major , and despite some initial confusion as to the correct procedure it was decided not to proceed to a third ballot in which a preference system of voting would have obtained .
as soon as the result was announced , however , heseltine and then hurd conceded to major , and despite some [first] confusion as to the correct procedure it was decided not to proceed to a third ballot in which a preference system of voting would have obtained .

The result of the Oct. 3 elections to an expanded 503-member Chamber of Deputies raised doubts about the government 's initial confidence ( based on exit polls ) that it would commanded a majority in the congress [ see p. 37774 ] .
the result of the oct. 3 elections to an expanded 503-member chamber of deputies raised doubts about the government 's [first] confidence ( based on exit polls ) that it would commanded a majority in the congress [ see p. 37774 ] .

Originally managed by a government department , the state-owned forests had been transferred to a public corporation in 1987 as an initial stage of the privatization programme .
originally managed by a government department , the state-owned forests had been transferred to a public corporation in 1987 as an [first] stage of the privatization programme .

Namaliu rode out the protest and was successful in seeing through an initial parliamentary vote on a constitutional reform which would restrict the number of votes of no confidence .
namaliu rode out the protest and was successful in seeing through an [first] parliamentary vote on a constitutional reform which would restrict the number of votes of no confidence .

Initial fears that the change in Prime Minister would lead to mass resignations of the reformist Cabinet proved unfounded .
[first] fears that the change in prime minister would lead to mass resignations of the reformist cabinet proved unfounded .

Two autonomous republics , Tatarstan and Chechen-Ingushetia , both refused to initial or sign the Federation Treaty .
two autonomous republics , tatarstan and chechen-ingushetia , both refused to [first] or sign the federation treaty .

Bases of the 14th Army had come under attack from civilians looking for weapons , and initial assurances that the Army would remain neutral were followed by a statement issued on March 17 that , should war in the region become a reality , the Army would act to defend itself .
bases of the 14th army had come under attack from civilians looking for weapons , and [first] assurances that the army would remain neutral were followed by a statement issued on march 17 that , should war in the region become a reality , the army would act to defend itself .

During a debate on March 4 on the final report of the Commission for the Investigation of the Events of Nov. 17 , 1989 ( when student protests had been crushed by police — see p. 37026 ; see p. 37737 for initial report ) , the Federal Assembly approved legislation to allow Czechoslovak citizens access to files kept on them by the StB .
during a debate on march 4 on the final report of the commission for the investigation of the events of nov. 17 , 1989 ( when student protests had been crushed by police — see p. 37026 ; see p. 37737 for [first] report ) , the federal assembly approved legislation to allow czechoslovak citizens access to files kept on them by the stb .

It also established a Special Review Court with powers to review detention orders and to extend the initial 14-day detention period .
it also established a special review court with powers to review detention orders and to extend the [first] 14-day detention period .

The parties of the centre-right coalition suffered substantial losses in nationwide local elections on Oct. 18 in what was widely seen as the voters ' initial verdict on the austerity measures .
the parties of the centre-right coalition suffered substantial losses in nationwide local elections on oct. 18 in what was widely seen as the voters ' [first] verdict on the austerity measures .

Other initial reports gave figures ranging from 145 to 370 dead .
other [first] reports gave figures ranging from 145 to 370 dead .

Initial discussions were fruitless , but on April 24 a majority of the mujaheddin groups agreed to a three-stage plan .
[first] discussions were fruitless , but on april 24 a majority of the mujaheddin groups agreed to a three-stage plan .

The judge indicated that he believed that police of all ranks had been involved in a cover-up of the initial investigation of the massacre and called for a public inquiry .
the judge indicated that he believed that police of all ranks had been involved in a cover-up of the [first] investigation of the massacre and called for a public inquiry .

The disclosure came 211 days after the General Accounting Office had issued its initial report on the numerous unauthorized overdrafts run up by members of the House .
the disclosure came 211 days after the general accounting office had issued its [first] report on the numerous unauthorized overdrafts run up by members of the house .

His initial reluctance stemmed partly from a statement he had made in November 1991 vowing never to accept the post .
his [first] reluctance stemmed partly from a statement he had made in november 1991 vowing never to accept the post .

Initial accusations of Azerbaijani involvement were countered by a Nagorny Karabakh Supreme Soviet Presidium statement of April 15 calling his death `` an accident `` .
[first] accusations of azerbaijani involvement were countered by a nagorny karabakh supreme soviet presidium statement of april 15 calling his death `` an accident `` .

Although Iraqi forces behind the front line put up more of a fight than those overrun in the initial phase of the offensive , resistance remained both light and sporadic .
although iraqi forces behind the front line put up more of a fight than those overrun in the [first] phase of the offensive , resistance remained both light and sporadic .

On the outbreak of war the Iraqi army , including recalled reservists , numbered some 955,000 , of whom 620,000 were estimated to be committed to the Kuwaiti theatre of operations ( however , post-war evaluation called seriously into question initial Western intelligence estimates and it was suggested that the figure was nearer 300,000 ) .
on the outbreak of war the iraqi army , including recalled reservists , numbered some 955,000 , of whom 620,000 were estimated to be committed to the kuwaiti theatre of operations ( however , post-war evaluation called seriously into question [first] western intelligence estimates and it was suggested that the figure was nearer 300,000 ) .

Although initial fears that the smoke would cause climatic change on a global scale appeared to be exaggerated , it posed a threat to the health of both humans and animals in the northern Gulf states , southern Iraq and parts of western Iran .
although [first] fears that the smoke would cause climatic change on a global scale appeared to be exaggerated , it posed a threat to the health of both humans and animals in the northern gulf states , southern iraq and parts of western iran .

37213-14 ; 37645 ] had been making no progress , thereby disappointing any initial hopes invested in them .
37213-14 ; 37645 ] had been making no progress , thereby disappointing any [first] hopes invested in them .

This may be introduced by some initial reference to earlier ideas about history teaching .
this may be introduced by some [first] reference to earlier ideas about history teaching .

While younger pupils can not be expected to have great depth of understanding and indeed will not reach a mature conceptual level of historical understanding until their mid-teens , none the less the initial building bricks in the process can be laid from the very beginning of the pupil 's school career .
while younger pupils can not be expected to have great depth of understanding and indeed will not reach a mature conceptual level of historical understanding until their mid-teens , none the less the [first] building bricks in the process can be laid from the very beginning of the pupil 's school career .

All teachers could usefully participate in an initial brainstorming exercise , sharing ideas and strategies , and perhaps suggesting some local sites or resources .
all teachers could usefully participate in an [first] brainstorming exercise , sharing ideas and strategies , and perhaps suggesting some local sites or resources .

At the initial planning stage there is probably no need to worry too much about the three attainment targets .
at the [first] planning stage there is probably no need to worry too much about the three attainment targets .

Since at Key Stage 3 the core units have to be taught in a chronological order that does give an initial structure to the overall plan of the three-year period .
since at key stage 3 the core units have to be taught in a chronological order that does give an [first] structure to the overall plan of the three-year period .

Her initial task will be to try and regularise for us all the amount of information that we have about what is sent to which categories of all the Christian Aid materials and then go on to hopefully ‘ plug the gaps ’ in church contacts .
her [first] task will be to try and regularise for us all the amount of information that we have about what is sent to which categories of all the christian aid materials and then go on to hopefully ‘ plug the gaps ’ in church contacts .

An interim questionnaire was issued to students after 2–3 school visits to gauge initial reactions to the Scheme , with final questionnaires issued to both students and teachers on completion of the Scheme to evaluate the Scheme as a whole .
an interim questionnaire was issued to students after 2–3 school visits to gauge [first] reactions to the scheme , with final questionnaires issued to both students and teachers on completion of the scheme to evaluate the scheme as a whole .

Module leaders were interviewed shortly after the initial student interviews to assess academic expectations of the expectations of students .
module leaders were interviewed shortly after the [first] student interviews to assess academic expectations of the expectations of students .

Faced with this scenario , the plaintiff gave evidence that she was too frightened to sleep at the premises and had not done so since her initial eviction .
faced with this scenario , the plaintiff gave evidence that she was too frightened to sleep at the premises and had not done so since her [first] eviction .

by writing an initial synopsis ) .
by writing an [first] synopsis ) .

Even in exam situations , there needs to be some initial planning and rough drafting before starting on the main process of composition .
even in exam situations , there needs to be some [first] planning and rough drafting before starting on the main process of composition .

Essays need to be constructed , not just written ; so time spent on an initial outline establishing an essay 's structure prevents problems of shape and proportion when the essay as a whole is written .
essays need to be constructed , not just written ; so time spent on an [first] outline establishing an essay 's structure prevents problems of shape and proportion when the essay as a whole is written .

Here , for example , is an initial organisation of an essay on the Scottish novelist Josephine Tey : introduction career as a London playwright recent critical appraisal powers of description humour education church the divided self the divided self — most of all as a woman her final novel — The Singing Sands .
here , for example , is an [first] organisation of an essay on the scottish novelist josephine tey : introduction career as a london playwright recent critical appraisal powers of description humour education church the divided self the divided self — most of all as a woman her final novel — the singing sands .

Glamourous maybe , but years of staying away from home , and being accommodated in everything from a Seamans Mission to a Penthouse Suite , seriously dampens initial enthusiasm .
glamourous maybe , but years of staying away from home , and being accommodated in everything from a seamans mission to a penthouse suite , seriously dampens [first] enthusiasm .

Although these initial estimates are somewhat crude , either way the available results strongly suggest that use of a valid selection test can contribute susbstantially to an organisation 's profitability .
although these [first] estimates are somewhat crude , either way the available results strongly suggest that use of a valid selection test can contribute susbstantially to an organisation 's profitability .

One of the main criticisms of using technology in the kitchen is the expense , but while the initial outlay may be high , the day-to-day cost of running the equipment can be considerably lower .
one of the main criticisms of using technology in the kitchen is the expense , but while the [first] outlay may be high , the day-to-day cost of running the equipment can be considerably lower .

As well as the initial outlay of purchasing the machine , they need to know what to expect in terms of running costs .
as well as the [first] outlay of purchasing the machine , they need to know what to expect in terms of running costs .

In the initial phase of my fieldwork , my contacts were made through schools in the areas of Leytonstone ( in the borough of Waltham Forest ) and Catford ( which at that time was in the area of the Inner London Education Authority , now abolished ) .
in the [first] phase of my fieldwork , my contacts were made through schools in the areas of leytonstone ( in the borough of waltham forest ) and catford ( which at that time was in the area of the inner london education authority , now abolished ) .

The key statement of Brenda 's turn is the one at line 15 – 16 , Mp:112 > which gives her explanation of why she agreed to dance with a man whose initial approach had shocked her and led her to respond coolly .
the key statement of brenda 's turn is the one at line 15 – 16 , mp:112 > which gives her explanation of why she agreed to dance with a man whose [first] approach had shocked her and led her to respond coolly .

The plaintiff 's initial loss may be made greater by his financial inability to take steps to minimise his loss . Is such loss too remote or not ?
the plaintiff 's [first] loss may be made greater by his financial inability to take steps to minimise his loss . is such loss too remote or not ?

Yet if not all of them necessarily regarded Cnut with disfavour on his accession , it is likely that there were quarters in which he had to face considerable initial hostility .
yet if not all of them necessarily regarded cnut with disfavour on his accession , it is likely that there were quarters in which he had to face considerable [first] hostility .

The initial response of British officials in the region was wary .
the [first] response of british officials in the region was wary .

After the initial successes of the Normandy landings , the Allied armies had been pinned down by the Germans .
after the [first] successes of the normandy landings , the allied armies had been pinned down by the germans .

As we have seen , de Gaulle 's initial policies in Algeria appeared contradictory .
as we have seen , de gaulle 's [first] policies in algeria appeared contradictory .

It is suggestive that his initial conception of the French Community ( which he subsequently modified to meet the objections of black African leaders ) would have denied African nations the option of independence .
it is suggestive that his [first] conception of the french community ( which he subsequently modified to meet the objections of black african leaders ) would have denied african nations the option of independence .

At the outset , it seemed to mean a structure ( like the initial form of the French Community ) which would allow France to retain control over significant areas of policy-making .
at the outset , it seemed to mean a structure ( like the [first] form of the french community ) which would allow france to retain control over significant areas of policy-making .

His initial steps were taken to foil what he interpreted as attempts by the superpowers or their proxies to bolster the bipolar order .
his [first] steps were taken to foil what he interpreted as attempts by the superpowers or their proxies to bolster the bipolar order .

will be offering advice and help , and getting initial reactions to the new qualifications .
will be offering advice and help , and getting [first] reactions to the new qualifications .

Designed for those offering general SVQs in technology , this initial seminar addressed the issues of access and progression , the additional assessment , and how to ensure effective course management .
designed for those offering general svqs in technology , this [first] seminar addressed the issues of access and progression , the additional assessment , and how to ensure effective course management .

All piloting centres were sent a questionnaire in early October , as part of our initial feedback gathering exercise .
all piloting centres were sent a questionnaire in early october , as part of our [first] feedback gathering exercise .

The initial phase of 11 general SVQs , plus the two Skillstart awards , have now been available in schools , colleges , and other centres for six months .
the [first] phase of 11 general svqs , plus the two skillstart awards , have now been available in schools , colleges , and other centres for six months .

We received an encouraging 50% response to the questionnaire , with 63 of the 129 initial pilot centres sending us their replies .
we received an encouraging 50% response to the questionnaire , with 63 of the 129 [first] pilot centres sending us their replies .

To help both centres and the external verifiers themselves , the verifiers will make initial visits to centres to discuss general SVQs before undertaking a formal verification visit .
to help both centres and the external verifiers themselves , the verifiers will make [first] visits to centres to discuss general svqs before undertaking a formal verification visit .

We had initial difficulties in integrating aspects of course delivery and assessment , largely due to the timing of the new qualification .
we had [first] difficulties in integrating aspects of course delivery and assessment , largely due to the timing of the new qualification .

The effect upon the balance of trade is also adverse because not only is the initial volume of imports more costly , but because the price of imports in the domestic market has fallen , cutbacks in domestic production and increases in domestic consumption simply stimulate more imports .
the effect upon the balance of trade is also adverse because not only is the [first] volume of imports more costly , but because the price of imports in the domestic market has fallen , cutbacks in domestic production and increases in domestic consumption simply stimulate more imports .

There are two fees payable on application on initial registration .
there are two fees payable on application on [first] registration .

The second fee is known as the initial contribution and is a payment towards the Solicitors ' Compensation Fund .
the second fee is known as the [first] contribution and is a payment towards the solicitors ' compensation fund .

The level of the initial contribution is prescribed by the Council of the Law Society .
the level of the [first] contribution is prescribed by the council of the law society .

For the practising year 1992/93 the initial contribution is £150 .
for the practising year 1992/93 the [first] contribution is £150 .

Registration will only last until 31st October in each year , no matter what the date of the initial registration , and a further fee is payable on renewal of registration .
registration will only last until 31st october in each year , no matter what the date of the [first] registration , and a further fee is payable on renewal of registration .

Initial registration fee £320
[first] registration fee £320

Initial compensation fund contribution £150
[first] compensation fund contribution £150

Every applicant for initial registration is required to produce confirmation from the relevant law society , bar , chamber or court that its professional rules do not prohibit practice in partnership with English solicitors in England and Wales ( except where such confirmation from that body has already been received ) .
every applicant for [first] registration is required to produce confirmation from the relevant law society , bar , chamber or court that its professional rules do not prohibit practice in partnership with english solicitors in england and wales ( except where such confirmation from that body has already been received ) .

9. ( 1 ) After the initial allotment any shares proposed to be issued shall first be offered to the members in proportion as nearly as may be to the number of the existing shares held by them respectively .
9. ( 1 ) after the [first] allotment any shares proposed to be issued shall first be offered to the members in proportion as nearly as may be to the number of the existing shares held by them respectively .

9. ( 1 ) After the initial allotment any shares proposed to be issued shall first be offered to the members in proportion as nearly as may be to the number of the existing shares held by them respectively .
9. ( 1 ) after the [first] allotment any shares proposed to be issued shall first be offered to the members in proportion as nearly as may be to the number of the existing shares held by them respectively .

It is difficult to know how far they were a significant deterrent to claiming relief , but over the long term there is little to suggest that any parish maintained the lowering of its poor rate which sometimes accompanied the initial operation of a workhouse .
it is difficult to know how far they were a significant deterrent to claiming relief , but over the long term there is little to suggest that any parish maintained the lowering of its poor rate which sometimes accompanied the [first] operation of a workhouse .

Erman and Lesser point out one potential advantage of island driving over left-to-right strategies : when more than one initial island is correct this should increase the probability of finding the correct spanning interpretation , since each island represents an alternative possible derivation of the interpretation .
erman and lesser point out one potential advantage of island driving over left-to-right strategies : when more than one [first] island is correct this should increase the probability of finding the correct spanning interpretation , since each island represents an alternative possible derivation of the interpretation .

In Hearsay-II for example , the average number of words that can follow any initial portion of the utterance is thirty-four .
in hearsay-ii for example , the average number of words that can follow any [first] portion of the utterance is thirty-four .

Such right-context effects ( Thompson 84 ) are not limited to just the initial portion of the utterance .
such right-context effects ( thompson 84 ) are not limited to just the [first] portion of the utterance .

This makes recovery , especially from word initial errors , extremely difficult , since the matching process has no way of realigning itself correctly with the input .
this makes recovery , especially from word [first] errors , extremely difficult , since the matching process has no way of realigning itself correctly with the input .

When processing through time , choices have to be made about how good a hypothesis looks now . But what happens if it fails to fulfill its initial promise ? What happens if a hypothesis which looked poor initially benefits from later right context information ?
when processing through time , choices have to be made about how good a hypothesis looks now . but what happens if it fails to fulfill its [first] promise ? what happens if a hypothesis which looked poor initially benefits from later right context information ?

The acoustic differences between the initial segments in gift and kift or giss and kiss distinguish lexical items from non-words .
the acoustic differences between the [first] segments in gift and kift or giss and kiss distinguish lexical items from non-words .

Each symbol posted onto the chart is matched against the set of initial branches in the tree .
each symbol posted onto the chart is matched against the set of [first] branches in the tree .

Under these conditions , however good the heuristic estimate , the algorithm will keep abandoning paths that fail to live up to their initial promise in favour of untried paths that are promising a little more than they will deliver ( Pearl 1984 ) .
under these conditions , however good the heuristic estimate , the algorithm will keep abandoning paths that fail to live up to their [first] promise in favour of untried paths that are promising a little more than they will deliver ( pearl 1984 ) .

He found that middle-out methods decreased performance on longer sentences solely because of space requirements , not because of poor hit-rate of initial seed words .
he found that middle-out methods decreased performance on longer sentences solely because of space requirements , not because of poor hit-rate of [first] seed words .

The ponderous patent application process seems to be unsuited to a fast- moving technology as it can take several years from initial application before a patent is finally granted .
the ponderous patent application process seems to be unsuited to a fast- moving technology as it can take several years from [first] application before a patent is finally granted .

We shall see , in fact , that it is upon relatively clear and simple structural properties of the plot that an initial identification of a text as fabliau-like depends .
we shall see , in fact , that it is upon relatively clear and simple structural properties of the plot that an [first] identification of a text as fabliau-like depends .

If you join us you will be trained to City & Guilds standards , the same as in the hotel and catering industry , so that after initial training you will be as highly qualified as a quality commis chef in civilian life .
if you join us you will be trained to city & guilds standards , the same as in the hotel and catering industry , so that after [first] training you will be as highly qualified as a quality commis chef in civilian life .

After initial training you will take an eight-week course at the Royal Naval Cookery School , Aldershot .
after [first] training you will take an eight-week course at the royal naval cookery school , aldershot .

Common to all though , is an initial induction of maybe four to six weeks , during which all trainees spend time getting to grips with the nuts and bolts of every aspect of branch operations , which they can then discuss with their peer group at an induction day at the Area Office .
common to all though , is an [first] induction of maybe four to six weeks , during which all trainees spend time getting to grips with the nuts and bolts of every aspect of branch operations , which they can then discuss with their peer group at an induction day at the area office .

All successful applicants attend an initial induction day with the company at their Ewell headquarters , where a series of assessments are carried out to ensure the right people are recruited for the right job .
all successful applicants attend an [first] induction day with the company at their ewell headquarters , where a series of assessments are carried out to ensure the right people are recruited for the right job .

In either case , an individual 's initial training period will be closely supervised as outlined below .
in either case , an individual 's [first] training period will be closely supervised as outlined below .

As some of your teach in more than one area , after initial contact to give relevant information , only one area organiser will need to be contacted .
as some of your teach in more than one area , after [first] contact to give relevant information , only one area organiser will need to be contacted .

Let the movement be the initial inspiration and then work on the modulations at home , for these are what will help to increase the musicality of the piece .
let the movement be the [first] inspiration and then work on the modulations at home , for these are what will help to increase the musicality of the piece .

Since the to infinitive , as just seen , expresses a non-realized event in these uses , it will be analysed as involving an initial interception of to , as with try diagrammed above .
since the to infinitive , as just seen , expresses a non-realized event in these uses , it will be analysed as involving an [first] interception of to , as with try diagrammed above .

The to following allow and permit can be conceived with either an initial interception , as in ( 212 ) and ( 213 ) , or a final one , as in They stood by and allowed him to steal my car .
the to following allow and permit can be conceived with either an [first] interception , as in ( 212 ) and ( 213 ) , or a final one , as in they stood by and allowed him to steal my car .

To signifies this relation of subsequence in virtue of its potential meaning of a movement from one point in time to another and has been seen to give rise to two clearly identifiable actual meanings according to whether the speaker conceives the whole movement which to is capable of signifying or only the initial part thereof .
to signifies this relation of subsequence in virtue of its potential meaning of a movement from one point in time to another and has been seen to give rise to two clearly identifiable actual meanings according to whether the speaker conceives the whole movement which to is capable of signifying or only the [first] part thereof .

An initial problem in investigating this issue is that there is no generally agreed definition of the terms ‘ non-standard ’ or ‘ non-traditional ’ student .
an [first] problem in investigating this issue is that there is no generally agreed definition of the terms ‘ non-standard ’ or ‘ non-traditional ’ student .

Despite their initial ferocity the victorious Agaw were eventually assimilated into the civilization they had sought to destroy , and were converted to Christianity .
despite their [first] ferocity the victorious agaw were eventually assimilated into the civilization they had sought to destroy , and were converted to christianity .

The Italians won an easy initial victory over a Tigrean force .
the italians won an easy [first] victory over a tigrean force .

He always maintained that our later success was due to his initial coaching .
he always maintained that our later success was due to his [first] coaching .

The initial interest was not in the bibliographic data , but rather in the circulation data which was being made available to the public , thus enhancing the catalogue 's function as a finding tool .
the [first] interest was not in the bibliographic data , but rather in the circulation data which was being made available to the public , thus enhancing the catalogue 's function as a finding tool .

The initial access to the system and the system 's initial response to the user is most crucial .
the [first] access to the system and the system 's [first] response to the user is most crucial .

The system would follow different paths ( search trees ) according to the data elements which the user had entered and the results of initial searches .
the system would follow different paths ( search trees ) according to the data elements which the user had entered and the results of [first] searches .

If this is so , try to use short utterances for initial practice , e.g .
if this is so , try to use short utterances for [first] practice , e.g .

It has to be written in an initial transcription of a language until you have decided with that it is phonemic ( i.e .
it has to be written in an [first] transcription of a language until you have decided with that it is phonemic ( i.e .

Check lists are used for several purposes : an initial transcription of a language is usually not consistent .
check lists are used for several purposes : an [first] transcription of a language is usually not consistent .

In the initial stages consonants are best checked between vowels or word initially ; vowels are best checked in a stressed syllable ( open and closed syllables in separate lists ) .
in the [first] stages consonants are best checked between vowels or word initially ; vowels are best checked in a stressed syllable ( open and closed syllables in separate lists ) .

a word initial sound at a predictable point in a frame .
a word [first] sound at a predictable point in a frame .

The lessons will normally consist of three to five sections : a short conversational exchange ; a section on phonological features with drills ( particularly in the initial stages ) ; a section on grammar ; any cultural points relevant to the topic or situation being considered ; and vocabulary items which can be employed in the drills and exercises accompanying the lesson .
the lessons will normally consist of three to five sections : a short conversational exchange ; a section on phonological features with drills ( particularly in the [first] stages ) ; a section on grammar ; any cultural points relevant to the topic or situation being considered ; and vocabulary items which can be employed in the drills and exercises accompanying the lesson .

The intention was for students to complete a short initial destinations questionnaire as they approached the end of their course , and it was suggested that this might be done in the last formal course session , or when projects were handed in ( if appropriate ) .
the intention was for students to complete a short [first] destinations questionnaire as they approached the end of their course , and it was suggested that this might be done in the last formal course session , or when projects were handed in ( if appropriate ) .

The Initial Destinations of Advanced Course Students
the [first] destinations of advanced course students

Table 4.5 shows the initial destinations of students according to their source of funding for participation in the Advanced Course .
table 4.5 shows the [first] destinations of students according to their source of funding for participation in the advanced course .

This chapter summarises the main findings of the initial destinations survey of 1984 information engineering research students .
this chapter summarises the main findings of the [first] destinations survey of 1984 information engineering research students .

Initial Destinations of 1984 Research Students
[first] destinations of 1984 research students

All that is required is that the initial comparison should clearly favour the change-over .
all that is required is that the [first] comparison should clearly favour the change-over .

It really should be attractive in the initial stages .
it really should be attractive in the [first] stages .

Initial investments of this type are relatively easy to plan because they are based on actual estimates .
[first] investments of this type are relatively easy to plan because they are based on actual estimates .

It is an ideal scenario , for after the initial heavy cost the spending gets less and less before full profitability is reached .
it is an ideal scenario , for after the [first] heavy cost the spending gets less and less before full profitability is reached .

When the plant came on stream the initial sales would start reducing the net outflow of funds which is why the maintenance cost of the operation is not shown as a straight line .
when the plant came on stream the [first] sales would start reducing the net outflow of funds which is why the maintenance cost of the operation is not shown as a straight line .

More money is put in , for otherwise the initial investment would have been wasted .
more money is put in , for otherwise the [first] investment would have been wasted .

Latecomers into the field benefit from all this initial work — at no cost .
latecomers into the field benefit from all this [first] work — at no cost .

This is the material description : we are following the particle Xi from its initial position to its deformed one .
this is the material description : we are following the particle xi from its [first] position to its deformed one .

Now Xi does not change with time ; it is the initial position of the particle .
now xi does not change with time ; it is the [first] position of the particle .

Those Catholic students who are undertaking their initial teacher education , and who for professional reasons can not attend St Andrew 's College ( eg in Physical Education and Home Economics ) .
those catholic students who are undertaking their [first] teacher education , and who for professional reasons can not attend st andrew 's college ( eg in physical education and home economics ) .

Those Catholic students who are undertaking their initial teacher education , and who for personal reasons , which are accepted as reasonable by St Andrew 's College , can not attend St Andrew 's College .
those catholic students who are undertaking their [first] teacher education , and who for personal reasons , which are accepted as reasonable by st andrew 's college , can not attend st andrew 's college .

Late complications were of much greater concern and arose in eight patients ( 20 % ) at a median of 3.3 months ( range 0.25–12 ) from the initial insertion .
late complications were of much greater concern and arose in eight patients ( 20 % ) at a median of 3.3 months ( range 0.25–12 ) from the [first] insertion .

The subsequent biopsy of a lymphomatous pleural plaque , visible on previous radiographs , permitted the retrospective deduction of lymphoma at initial presentaton .
the subsequent biopsy of a lymphomatous pleural plaque , visible on previous radiographs , permitted the retrospective deduction of lymphoma at [first] presentaton .

The conventional view would be that our patient had asymptomatic coeliac disease and developed a lymphoma , which precipitated the initial presentation .
the conventional view would be that our patient had asymptomatic coeliac disease and developed a lymphoma , which precipitated the [first] presentation .

Tissue necrosis extending into the submucosa and muscularis is probably the initial pathogenic event .
tissue necrosis extending into the submucosa and muscularis is probably the [first] pathogenic event .

The initial step of this migration through basement membranes is thought to be the adhesion of tumour cells , which is mainly mediated through binding of extracellular matrix components to tumour cell surface receptors .
the [first] step of this migration through basement membranes is thought to be the adhesion of tumour cells , which is mainly mediated through binding of extracellular matrix components to tumour cell surface receptors .

As can be seen , uptake is linear after an initial high value .
as can be seen , uptake is linear after an [first] high value .

This may represent an initial rapid drug adherence to the cell surface followed by linear true drug uptake , and this is confirmed in Figure 4 which shows a further time-course experiment with analysis of intracellular Ac-ASA at earlier time periods , including time 0 ( immediately on addition of Ac-ASA ) .
this may represent an [first] rapid drug adherence to the cell surface followed by linear true drug uptake , and this is confirmed in figure 4 which shows a further time-course experiment with analysis of intracellular ac-asa at earlier time periods , including time 0 ( immediately on addition of ac-asa ) .

In a pair of experiments designed to determine the amount of Ac-ASA remaining intracellularly after up to six washings , the amount of Ac-ASA present intracellularly stayed remarkably constant , following an initial drop which probably represents the removal of major surface contamination ( Fig 6 ) .
in a pair of experiments designed to determine the amount of ac-asa remaining intracellularly after up to six washings , the amount of ac-asa present intracellularly stayed remarkably constant , following an [first] drop which probably represents the removal of major surface contamination ( fig 6 ) .

The initial stone mass did not influence the recurrence rate , however , when the patients with recurrence were analysed with regard to the initial number of stones , the rate of recurrence was 4.8 % ( eight of 166 ) in patients with solitary stones , 4.2 % ( two of 48 ) in patients with two stones , and 6.4 % ( seven of 110 ) in patients with more than three stones .
the [first] stone mass did not influence the recurrence rate , however , when the patients with recurrence were analysed with regard to the [first] number of stones , the rate of recurrence was 4.8 % ( eight of 166 ) in patients with solitary stones , 4.2 % ( two of 48 ) in patients with two stones , and 6.4 % ( seven of 110 ) in patients with more than three stones .

To our surprise , we did not observe any influence of age , sex , and body mass index upon the success rate and the recurrence rate ; even the initial number of stones apparently did not influence the recurrence rate , which is in contradiction with the postdissolution experience where the recurrence was higher in patients with multiple stones than with solitary stones .
to our surprise , we did not observe any influence of age , sex , and body mass index upon the success rate and the recurrence rate ; even the [first] number of stones apparently did not influence the recurrence rate , which is in contradiction with the postdissolution experience where the recurrence was higher in patients with multiple stones than with solitary stones .

The severity of the bleeding in the referred patients was similar to that in younger patients ; at least 20 % required balloon tamponade in order to control active bleeding at the time of initial endoscopy .
the severity of the bleeding in the referred patients was similar to that in younger patients ; at least 20 % required balloon tamponade in order to control active bleeding at the time of [first] endoscopy .

Once initial control has been achieved , a maintenance sclerotherapy programme should be instituted with repeated injections every three weeks or so until thrombosis of the varices has been achieved and subsequent periodic checks every three to six months to ensure maintenance of variceal occlusion .
once [first] control has been achieved , a maintenance sclerotherapy programme should be instituted with repeated injections every three weeks or so until thrombosis of the varices has been achieved and subsequent periodic checks every three to six months to ensure maintenance of variceal occlusion .

Initial reports suggested that stones recurred in 30–50 % of patients within two to five years .
[first] reports suggested that stones recurred in 30–50 % of patients within two to five years .

Before their initial gall stone dissolution treatment , 15 of 82 patients followed up for more than six months had had solitary stones , compared with 67 who had had multiple stones .
before their [first] gall stone dissolution treatment , 15 of 82 patients followed up for more than six months had had solitary stones , compared with 67 who had had multiple stones .

With regard to the possibility that large changes in body weight ( equal to or >10% of initial weight ) might represent a risk factor , only one case of gall stone recurrence was detected in those who lost >10% of starting weight and none was seen in those who gained weight .
with regard to the possibility that large changes in body weight ( equal to or >10% of [first] weight ) might represent a risk factor , only one case of gall stone recurrence was detected in those who lost >10% of starting weight and none was seen in those who gained weight .

Initial alkaline phosphatase concentration showed a weak inverse correlation with survival ( r=-0.3 ) which did not reach statistical significance ; a rising titre after diagnosis may predict a poorer prognosis but numbers are small .
[first] alkaline phosphatase concentration showed a weak inverse correlation with survival ( r=-0.3 ) which did not reach statistical significance ; a rising titre after diagnosis may predict a poorer prognosis but numbers are small .

An initial period of washing and equilibration of 30 minutes was allowed .
an [first] period of washing and equilibration of 30 minutes was allowed .

For the initial experiment , at day 7 , 70 mice were randomly allocated to one of three groups .
for the [first] experiment , at day 7 , 70 mice were randomly allocated to one of three groups .

Because of the high initial 1 1 1 In activity in the stools , it is necessary to delay counting of 5 1 Cr activity for 3 to 4 weeks to allow the 1 1 1 In to decay .
because of the high [first] 1 1 1 in activity in the stools , it is necessary to delay counting of 5 1 cr activity for 3 to 4 weeks to allow the 1 1 1 in to decay .

In 14 of the 16 patients , initial treatment was an alkylating agent alone ( cyclophosphamide 100 mg/day ) .
in 14 of the 16 patients , [first] treatment was an alkylating agent alone ( cyclophosphamide 100 mg/day ) .

Chest and abdominal computed tomography was performed every six months when lymph node or lung involvement was present at the initial staging .
chest and abdominal computed tomography was performed every six months when lymph node or lung involvement was present at the [first] staging .

This study confirms our initial preliminary report on increased chemiluminescence in ulcerative colitis in humans and the work of Simmonds et al , as they too showed a positive correlation between chemiluminescence and disease activity even though they based disease activity solely on sigmoidoscopy score .
this study confirms our [first] preliminary report on increased chemiluminescence in ulcerative colitis in humans and the work of simmonds et al , as they too showed a positive correlation between chemiluminescence and disease activity even though they based disease activity solely on sigmoidoscopy score .

These ulcers heal spontaneously and rapidly so that seven days after their induction the ulcer area was usually reduced to about 30 % of its initial size .
these ulcers heal spontaneously and rapidly so that seven days after their induction the ulcer area was usually reduced to about 30 % of its [first] size .

In inflammatory bowel disease the initial or predisposing event is unknown .
in inflammatory bowel disease the [first] or predisposing event is unknown .

Interestingly , Kölbel et al , who used a higher initial dose of 600 mg/kg ethanol , found only a 55 % increase in acid secretion .
interestingly , kölbel et al , who used a higher [first] dose of 600 mg/kg ethanol , found only a 55 % increase in acid secretion .

Repeated bleeding at short intervals is the common pattern if the patient survives the initial haemorrhage .
repeated bleeding at short intervals is the common pattern if the patient survives the [first] haemorrhage .

Since its initial description over a century ago fewer than 150 cases of Dieulafoy 's disease have been reported .
since its [first] description over a century ago fewer than 150 cases of dieulafoy 's disease have been reported .

Initial rectal biopsy and subsequent ileal and colonic biopsies at colonoscopy before treatment all showed similar features ( Figs 1 and 2 ) .
[first] rectal biopsy and subsequent ileal and colonic biopsies at colonoscopy before treatment all showed similar features ( figs 1 and 2 ) .

The close temporal relation of initial resolution of her watery diarrhoea on stopping her gold treatment and subsequent development of severe enterocolitis on recommencement taken together with the renal ( proteinurial ) , and skin ( maculopapular rash ) involvement as well as transient hypo-γ-globulinaemia suggested gold as the primary cause of her colitis .
the close temporal relation of [first] resolution of her watery diarrhoea on stopping her gold treatment and subsequent development of severe enterocolitis on recommencement taken together with the renal ( proteinurial ) , and skin ( maculopapular rash ) involvement as well as transient hypo-γ-globulinaemia suggested gold as the primary cause of her colitis .

Physicians reported that 1457 patients ( 75.8 % ) were highly motivated and that a further 356 ( 18.5 % ) were well motivated despite initial reservations at enrolment .
physicians reported that 1457 patients ( 75.8 % ) were highly motivated and that a further 356 ( 18.5 % ) were well motivated despite [first] reservations at enrolment .

As all the carcinomas were located on the right side of the colon , except the rectal carcinoma , which was found by rigid sigmoidoscopy , barium enema would seem to be an appropriate initial method of investigation .
as all the carcinomas were located on the right side of the colon , except the rectal carcinoma , which was found by rigid sigmoidoscopy , barium enema would seem to be an appropriate [first] method of investigation .

Initial haemostasis was defined as no haemorrhage persisting for five minutes after injection .
[first] haemostasis was defined as no haemorrhage persisting for five minutes after injection .

In the epinephrine group , the only case who failed to achieve initial haemostasis received surgical intervention .
in the epinephrine group , the only case who failed to achieve [first] haemostasis received surgical intervention .

For the epinephrine plus pure alcohol group , all achieved initial haemostasis .
for the epinephrine plus pure alcohol group , all achieved [first] haemostasis .

Although epinephrine was effective in achieving initial haemostasis ( 97 % ) in our series , the rebleeding rate was high ( 11/31 , 36 % ) .
although epinephrine was effective in achieving [first] haemostasis ( 97 % ) in our series , the rebleeding rate was high ( 11/31 , 36 % ) .

Initial symptoms were infrequent bowel movements in 58 % , painful bowel movements in 77 % often with screaming , and severe stool withholding manoeuvres in 97 % .
[first] symptoms were infrequent bowel movements in 58 % , painful bowel movements in 77 % often with screaming , and severe stool withholding manoeuvres in 97 % .

Initial disimpaction was accomplished in the clinic .
[first] disimpaction was accomplished in the clinic .

At least one more visit to the Encopresis Clinic was accomplished with all patients after the initial evaluation to review the stool records , assess progress , and repeat the abdominal and rectal examination and to discuss the treatment plan .
at least one more visit to the encopresis clinic was accomplished with all patients after the [first] evaluation to review the stool records , assess progress , and repeat the abdominal and rectal examination and to discuss the treatment plan .

The parents of the 33 children who had not recovered were interviewed a second time to answer the question whether the constipation/soiling problems had persisted or recurred , because we were not able to determine this from the initial questionnaire .
the parents of the 33 children who had not recovered were interviewed a second time to answer the question whether the constipation/soiling problems had persisted or recurred , because we were not able to determine this from the [first] questionnaire .

The age at attempted follow up was 9.9 ( 2.8 ) years with a range of 6 to 16 years , this was 6.9 ( 2.7 ) years with a range of 3 to 12 years after the initial evaluation .
the age at attempted follow up was 9.9 ( 2.8 ) years with a range of 6 to 16 years , this was 6.9 ( 2.7 ) years with a range of 3 to 12 years after the [first] evaluation .

To evaluate the possibility of bias in the group with follow up , the data from the initial history and physical examination of the 90 children in whom we obtained a follow up were compared with those from the 84 children with no follow up .
to evaluate the possibility of bias in the group with follow up , the data from the [first] history and physical examination of the 90 children in whom we obtained a follow up were compared with those from the 84 children with no follow up .

There was a significant difference in age at initial evaluation , with the children with follow up being significantly older ( 2.5 ( 1.5 ) years ) than those without follow-up ( 1.8 ( 1.3 ) years ; p < 0.01 ) .
there was a significant difference in age at [first] evaluation , with the children with follow up being significantly older ( 2.5 ( 1.5 ) years ) than those without follow-up ( 1.8 ( 1.3 ) years ; p < 0.01 ) .

He enjoyed good health until his initial complaints recurred one year later .
he enjoyed good health until his [first] complaints recurred one year later .

As shown , recurrence of Hodgkin 's disease , 10 or more years after initial treatment for this condition , was diagnosed in most cases .
as shown , recurrence of hodgkin 's disease , 10 or more years after [first] treatment for this condition , was diagnosed in most cases .

Such interpretations seemed justified as all initial biopsies , with one exception , were negative , indicating either no abnormalities or merely chronic inflammation .
such interpretations seemed justified as all [first] biopsies , with one exception , were negative , indicating either no abnormalities or merely chronic inflammation .

The initial symptom in our patient was upper abdominal pain .
the [first] symptom in our patient was upper abdominal pain .

Moreover , all of these studies either involved very small numbers or had other serious methodological flaws such as lack of objective criteria over initial recruitment or the response to treatment , or both , and lack of a control group .
moreover , all of these studies either involved very small numbers or had other serious methodological flaws such as lack of objective criteria over [first] recruitment or the response to treatment , or both , and lack of a control group .

After this first study , the resulting model of prediction of outcome at six weeks was validated on the next 28 patients admitted between January 1989 and May 1990 with their initial variceal bleed .
after this first study , the resulting model of prediction of outcome at six weeks was validated on the next 28 patients admitted between january 1989 and may 1990 with their [first] variceal bleed .

The qualitative variables were : sex , aetiology of cirrhosis ( alcholic or non-alcholic ) , activity of alcoholism ( active consumption at time zero , abstinence for at least one month or undetermined status ) , duration of liver disease from the initial diagnosis ( < two years , two to five years , > five years ) , degree of ascites ( absent , moderate , severe ) , degree of encephalopathy ( absent , moderate , coma ) a defined by Adam and Foley , extrahepatic infection ( pulmonary , urinary , or ascitic : present or not ) , previous non-surgical haemostatic procedures before admission if referred from other hospitals ( vasocactive drugs , tamponade ) yes or no , source of variceal bleeding : oesophageal , gastric type 1 , 2 , 3 or by exclusion of any other potential site of bleeding , activity of the bleeding : active ( spurting or oozing ) or recent ( platelet aggregate , adherent clot ) , staging of oesophageal varices ( 1 and 2 , 3 , 4 ) and presence of blood in the stomach ( yes or no ) .
the qualitative variables were : sex , aetiology of cirrhosis ( alcholic or non-alcholic ) , activity of alcoholism ( active consumption at time zero , abstinence for at least one month or undetermined status ) , duration of liver disease from the [first] diagnosis ( < two years , two to five years , > five years ) , degree of ascites ( absent , moderate , severe ) , degree of encephalopathy ( absent , moderate , coma ) a defined by adam and foley , extrahepatic infection ( pulmonary , urinary , or ascitic : present or not ) , previous non-surgical haemostatic procedures before admission if referred from other hospitals ( vasocactive drugs , tamponade ) yes or no , source of variceal bleeding : oesophageal , gastric type 1 , 2 , 3 or by exclusion of any other potential site of bleeding , activity of the bleeding : active ( spurting or oozing ) or recent ( platelet aggregate , adherent clot ) , staging of oesophageal varices ( 1 and 2 , 3 , 4 ) and presence of blood in the stomach ( yes or no ) .

In the third series , sclerotherapy was not done as the initial treatment .
in the third series , sclerotherapy was not done as the [first] treatment .

During the first week of the initial interferon course , a transient flu like syndrome with fever , chills and myalgia was observed in nearly all of the patients .
during the first week of the [first] interferon course , a transient flu like syndrome with fever , chills and myalgia was observed in nearly all of the patients .

The rationale for the initial four week course was to decrease viral replication and increase inflammatory activity before the start of the longterm course , thereby enhancing the possibility of response to therapy .
the rationale for the [first] four week course was to decrease viral replication and increase inflammatory activity before the start of the longterm course , thereby enhancing the possibility of response to therapy .

The interval between the initial diagnosis of coeliac disease and subsequent jejunal biopsies ( Groups 2 , 3 , and 4 ) varied between three and 12 months ( average seven months ) .
the interval between the [first] diagnosis of coeliac disease and subsequent jejunal biopsies ( groups 2 , 3 , and 4 ) varied between three and 12 months ( average seven months ) .

Two cases ( 3.6 % ) of early gastric cancer and two cases of small gastric carcinoid tumours ( 3.6 % ) were detected in addition to the five carcinoids that had been found at the initial endoscopic screening .
two cases ( 3.6 % ) of early gastric cancer and two cases of small gastric carcinoid tumours ( 3.6 % ) were detected in addition to the five carcinoids that had been found at the [first] endoscopic screening .

Initial improvement followed stent insertion and no relapse occurred after stent removal .
[first] improvement followed stent insertion and no relapse occurred after stent removal .

Patients who did not present with bulky or extensive initial disease and who did not relapse after complete remission had a good prognosis , comparable with that of low or mixed grade patients .
patients who did not present with bulky or extensive [first] disease and who did not relapse after complete remission had a good prognosis , comparable with that of low or mixed grade patients .

The gastric mucosa of capsaicin pretreated rats showed a similar degree of repair to that of vehicle pretreated animals but , as the initial insult was more severe , recovery seen 180 minutes after ethanol was to the same extent as that in vehicle pretreated rats ( Fig 3 ) .
the gastric mucosa of capsaicin pretreated rats showed a similar degree of repair to that of vehicle pretreated animals but , as the [first] insult was more severe , recovery seen 180 minutes after ethanol was to the same extent as that in vehicle pretreated rats ( fig 3 ) .

An initial diagnosis of duodenal ulcer and the method of diagnosis being a radiographic examination seems to increase the risk of becoming a longterm user of ulcer drugs .
an [first] diagnosis of duodenal ulcer and the method of diagnosis being a radiographic examination seems to increase the risk of becoming a longterm user of ulcer drugs .

Preliminary data analysis involved a summation of the initial 30 images to form a composite image outlining the arterial phase of tracer transit through the hepatobiliary system .
preliminary data analysis involved a summation of the [first] 30 images to form a composite image outlining the arterial phase of tracer transit through the hepatobiliary system .

To achieve optimal diagnostic accuracy all initial diagnostic and interventional endoscopies were done or supervised by very experienced members of the staff and virtually all patients were re-examined after the initial interventional endoscopy .
to achieve optimal diagnostic accuracy all [first] diagnostic and interventional endoscopies were done or supervised by very experienced members of the staff and virtually all patients were re-examined after the [first] interventional endoscopy .

Overall , endoscopic treatment was successful in 27 patients ( 96 % ) during the initial hospital period .
overall , endoscopic treatment was successful in 27 patients ( 96 % ) during the [first] hospital period .

Interestingly , a control endoscopy six weeks after the initial successful injection treatment showed a healed mucosal defect with no visible vessel left .
interestingly , a control endoscopy six weeks after the [first] successful injection treatment showed a healed mucosal defect with no visible vessel left .

One patient experienced a bleeding episode associated with a treatment induced ulcer 10 days after the initial treatment , which was successfully treated with another injection .
one patient experienced a bleeding episode associated with a treatment induced ulcer 10 days after the [first] treatment , which was successfully treated with another injection .

As mentioned above , one patient experienced severe rebleeding six months after initial successful sclerotherapy and has had no rebleeding after emergency operation until now ( four months ) .
as mentioned above , one patient experienced severe rebleeding six months after [first] successful sclerotherapy and has had no rebleeding after emergency operation until now ( four months ) .

The initial enthusiasm concerning longterm patency of these stents in malignancies , however , has diminished because of frequent obstruction because of tumour ingrowth through the metallic struts , or tumour overgrowth .
the [first] enthusiasm concerning longterm patency of these stents in malignancies , however , has diminished because of frequent obstruction because of tumour ingrowth through the metallic struts , or tumour overgrowth .

The re launch of Asbach Uralt in its centenary year was supported by new packaging and a new advertising campaign in Germany The brand has tremendous strength amongst more traditional consumers , but its long term growth is dependent upon extending its appeal amongst young adults . ‘ Oase ’ , one of three posters to play on the signature initial of the brand name , was part of the first stage of the new campaign which significantly improved Asbach 's performance in the second half of the year
the re launch of asbach uralt in its centenary year was supported by new packaging and a new advertising campaign in germany the brand has tremendous strength amongst more traditional consumers , but its long term growth is dependent upon extending its appeal amongst young adults . ‘ oase ’ , one of three posters to play on the signature [first] of the brand name , was part of the first stage of the new campaign which significantly improved asbach 's performance in the second half of the year

An offer had been made previously , whereby the waiting period would have been reduced from 18 to 12 months but the initial payment held at 54 per cent for a year .
an offer had been made previously , whereby the waiting period would have been reduced from 18 to 12 months but the [first] payment held at 54 per cent for a year .

This is then compared with the purchase or offer price ( which includes the initial management fee ) , .
this is then compared with the purchase or offer price ( which includes the [first] management fee ) , .

On the other hand , if the option is not exercised , the purchaser not only loses the initial value paid for the options themselves but also the commission paid on the shares he or she did not buy .
on the other hand , if the option is not exercised , the purchaser not only loses the [first] value paid for the options themselves but also the commission paid on the shares he or she did not buy .

The initial investment is , so the return should be , .
the [first] investment is , so the return should be , .

Now we can calculate the initial investment , .
now we can calculate the [first] investment , .

Given that this was a risk-free hedge we can make a check on the process by comparing the outcomes from states 1 or 2 with the result of investing the initial capital at the risk-free rate of return : .
given that this was a risk-free hedge we can make a check on the process by comparing the outcomes from states 1 or 2 with the result of investing the [first] capital at the risk-free rate of return : .

Copies of the initial draft of the report should be made available and time allowed for observations and objections to be made which could be incorporated in the final report .
copies of the [first] draft of the report should be made available and time allowed for observations and objections to be made which could be incorporated in the final report .

It is a longitudinal study — the initial visit being in February 1983 and the final visit in January 1985 .
it is a longitudinal study — the [first] visit being in february 1983 and the final visit in january 1985 .

The Advisers ' Initial Visits
the advisers ' [first] visits

Looking back to the initial aims of the study as delineated by the deputy head , he envisaged both short-term and long-term aims .
looking back to the [first] aims of the study as delineated by the deputy head , he envisaged both short-term and long-term aims .

From the middle schools , because of the limited size of the initial sample , thirty non-respondents would have been impossible to obtain .
from the middle schools , because of the limited size of the [first] sample , thirty non-respondents would have been impossible to obtain .

It measures the number of years taken for a shareholder to recover his initial investment ( assuming that all earnings are distributed ) ; alternatively , it measures the price an investor has to pay to buy 1 worth of income in the company .
it measures the number of years taken for a shareholder to recover his [first] investment ( assuming that all earnings are distributed ) ; alternatively , it measures the price an investor has to pay to buy 1 worth of income in the company .

We will consider four different firms in the same risk class and therefore having the same required discount rate ( r = 15% ) , and the same initial dividend and earnings ( d o = 1 , y o = 2 ) , but with four different growth assumptions :
we will consider four different firms in the same risk class and therefore having the same required discount rate ( r = 15% ) , and the same [first] dividend and earnings ( d o = 1 , y o = 2 ) , but with four different growth assumptions :

Static or declining firms are likely to be valued at less than the book value of their assets , while rapidly growing firms can be priced at many times the book value of their assets , reflecting the fact that growth adds value to the initial investment outlay .
static or declining firms are likely to be valued at less than the book value of their assets , while rapidly growing firms can be priced at many times the book value of their assets , reflecting the fact that growth adds value to the [first] investment outlay .

This deposit is known as initial margin and is set equal to the maximum daily loss that is likely to arise on the contract .
this deposit is known as [first] margin and is set equal to the maximum daily loss that is likely to arise on the contract .

As the price of the contract goes against one of the counterparties , the resulting loss is met from that counterparty 's initial margin and is paid over to the other counterparty as profit .
as the price of the contract goes against one of the counterparties , the resulting loss is met from that counterparty 's [first] margin and is paid over to the other counterparty as profit .

In the example , both counterparties put up initial margin on day 1 of 200 , which is 20 per cent of the value of the contract at the beginning of day 1 .
in the example , both counterparties put up [first] margin on day 1 of 200 , which is 20 per cent of the value of the contract at the beginning of day 1 .

This means that the seller has made a return of 50 per cent on his initial investment of 200 in just five days while the buyer has lost 50 per cent of his initial investment .
this means that the seller has made a return of 50 per cent on his [first] investment of 200 in just five days while the buyer has lost 50 per cent of his [first] investment .

Because the initial margin payments are a small fraction of the value of the contract , the percentage gains or losses to the counterparties are magnified in comparison with the changes in the futures price .
because the [first] margin payments are a small fraction of the value of the contract , the percentage gains or losses to the counterparties are magnified in comparison with the changes in the futures price .

There is a lower level of initial margin on straddle positions .
there is a lower level of [first] margin on straddle positions .

Initial records of expenditure and income are kept in day books .
[first] records of expenditure and income are kept in day books .

Such an initial assessment , based on the information available at the time , is the prior probability of success .
such an [first] assessment , based on the information available at the time , is the prior probability of success .

The basic tree consists of a network branching out from an initial decision of whether or not to undertake the project .
the basic tree consists of a network branching out from an [first] decision of whether or not to undertake the project .

The project team think that they could carry out the further research in an additional year at an estimated cost of £20 000 , but that the chances of solving all the problems are only 30:70 as opposed to the 50:50 chance they gave the initial phase .
the project team think that they could carry out the further research in an additional year at an estimated cost of £20 000 , but that the chances of solving all the problems are only 30:70 as opposed to the 50:50 chance they gave the [first] phase .

The best strategy with this project is to carry out the initial development and , if it is successful within 2 years , launch the project .
the best strategy with this project is to carry out the [first] development and , if it is successful within 2 years , launch the project .

There is thus the initial data for work load planning for all functions involved comprising activity description , its approximate timing , a list of the other functions involved and the identity of the co-ordinator .
there is thus the [first] data for work load planning for all functions involved comprising activity description , its approximate timing , a list of the other functions involved and the identity of the co-ordinator .

It is useful for the leader to start initial discussions by asking general questions such as ‘ How are we doing in your area ?
it is useful for the leader to start [first] discussions by asking general questions such as ‘ how are we doing in your area ?

The initial instrument sold for £16 000 , rising to £20 0000 for the head scanner .
the [first] instrument sold for £16 000 , rising to £20 0000 for the head scanner .

An initial investment of £250 000 was held to save £12 000 per annum in cancelled laparotomies alone .
an [first] investment of £250 000 was held to save £12 000 per annum in cancelled laparotomies alone .

The initial research is generally a one-man job ; the production is often best carried out by an established firm .
the [first] research is generally a one-man job ; the production is often best carried out by an established firm .

The provocative function of po is manifest in that the initial association of the path a-g is with failure , but it increases the possibility of the catastrophic leap to the success level along the line g-h .
the provocative function of po is manifest in that the [first] association of the path a-g is with failure , but it increases the possibility of the catastrophic leap to the success level along the line g-h .

Figures for the year ended 31 March 1989 , due to be published at the end of the year , show an overall 8 per cent drop in the use of the ‘ green form ’ initial advice and assistance scheme , as compared with an overall increase the previous year of 10 per cent .
figures for the year ended 31 march 1989 , due to be published at the end of the year , show an overall 8 per cent drop in the use of the ‘ green form ’ [first] advice and assistance scheme , as compared with an overall increase the previous year of 10 per cent .

After their initial breakthrough , the team still had much to do before the process became commercially viable .
after their [first] breakthrough , the team still had much to do before the process became commercially viable .

As yet nothing is concrete and , following Sir Geoffrey 's study , that initial concept may well change .
as yet nothing is concrete and , following sir geoffrey 's study , that [first] concept may well change .

The initial talks with the unions dealt with grievances such as working conditions and pay , sweetened with the promise of Fr100m to fund immediate improvements — to help provide cheaper accommodation for Paris workers , for example .
the [first] talks with the unions dealt with grievances such as working conditions and pay , sweetened with the promise of fr100m to fund immediate improvements — to help provide cheaper accommodation for paris workers , for example .

One of the 10 said initial investor response was ‘ fairly positive ’ .
one of the 10 said [first] investor response was ‘ fairly positive ’ .

Vyacheslav Antonov , a senior official of the central press agency , Soyuzpechat , claimed yesterday that readers were merely becoming more discerning , after having snapped up everything on offer in the initial heady flush of press freedom .
vyacheslav antonov , a senior official of the central press agency , soyuzpechat , claimed yesterday that readers were merely becoming more discerning , after having snapped up everything on offer in the [first] heady flush of press freedom .

Notice that the enzyme can do nothing about the difference , h , between the initial and final energy engineer can , by digging a tunnel , reduce the height to which one must climb to travel between them , but if there is a difference of altitude between the cities he can not alter it .
notice that the enzyme can do nothing about the difference , h , between the [first] and final energy engineer can , by digging a tunnel , reduce the height to which one must climb to travel between them , but if there is a difference of altitude between the cities he can not alter it .

If the light intensity increases , the rate of turning also increases for a time , before falling back to its initial level .
if the light intensity increases , the rate of turning also increases for a time , before falling back to its [first] level .

So Protestant opinions had not been silenced by Arran 's change of heart after the initial heady days of 1543 ; and the Rough Wooing had not broken the link between the English and the hopes of Scottish Protestants .
so protestant opinions had not been silenced by arran 's change of heart after the [first] heady days of 1543 ; and the rough wooing had not broken the link between the english and the hopes of scottish protestants .

Above : Initial packing of similar spheres to form Platonic solids .
above : [first] packing of similar spheres to form platonic solids .

Although Douglas was eventually acquitted of any offence , his initial conviction and the methods of the police — which included presenting in court what they claimed was a transcript of their tape of his speech , but which was only one third of the length of another tape-recording which was played to the court — led many Free Presbyterians and sympathizers to believe that the whole force of the state was being directed against them .
although douglas was eventually acquitted of any offence , his [first] conviction and the methods of the police — which included presenting in court what they claimed was a transcript of their tape of his speech , but which was only one third of the length of another tape-recording which was played to the court — led many free presbyterians and sympathizers to believe that the whole force of the state was being directed against them .

Keeping the organizational structure going becomes more important than attaining the initial goals of the movement .
keeping the organizational structure going becomes more important than attaining the [first] goals of the movement .

However , Podhajsky 's book is very much concerned with technique , and his few references to understanding the mind of the horse — such as the importance of not hurting or frightening a young horse , and the value of using the horse 's herd instinct during its initial training — are virtually swamped by details of the art of correct riding .
however , podhajsky 's book is very much concerned with technique , and his few references to understanding the mind of the horse — such as the importance of not hurting or frightening a young horse , and the value of using the horse 's herd instinct during its [first] training — are virtually swamped by details of the art of correct riding .

Work out your initial budget for every possible item of expenditure and then pad it .
work out your [first] budget for every possible item of expenditure and then pad it .

Once you 've had your initial meeting , drawn up your central strategy and agreed your budget , individuals should be allowed to get on with their jobs with a reasonable amount of flexibility .
once you 've had your [first] meeting , drawn up your central strategy and agreed your budget , individuals should be allowed to get on with their jobs with a reasonable amount of flexibility .

Their initial response was denial .
their [first] response was denial .

Send out an initial press notice .
send out an [first] press notice .

At times like that you do your initial planning only to find that everything has changed and you have to fly by the seat of your pants .
at times like that you do your [first] planning only to find that everything has changed and you have to fly by the seat of your pants .

This was the initial running of the world 's oldest Classic under commercial sponsorship , and for the first time the winner 's prize money topped £100,000 .
this was the [first] running of the world 's oldest classic under commercial sponsorship , and for the first time the winner 's prize money topped £100,000 .

On his initial visit to the home of the bereaved he would feel that he had a very short ti me indeed to set out his wares and try and convince the family to buy the package .
on his [first] visit to the home of the bereaved he would feel that he had a very short ti me indeed to set out his wares and try and convince the family to buy the package .

After this initial time of taking in the news and trying to deal with its implications comes a time of absorbing the message given and trying to act on it .
after this [first] time of taking in the news and trying to deal with its implications comes a time of absorbing the message given and trying to act on it .

And although , as we saw , initial anxieties about another war were largely overcome by easy and painless victories , the start of the war can nevertheless be seen to mark a caesura in the development of the ‘ Hitler myth ’ .
and although , as we saw , [first] anxieties about another war were largely overcome by easy and painless victories , the start of the war can nevertheless be seen to mark a caesura in the development of the ‘ hitler myth ’ .

Early anxieties about the Russian campaign were soon dispelled by the growing confidence arising from the rapid and impressive successes of the Wehrmacht in the initial advances .
early anxieties about the russian campaign were soon dispelled by the growing confidence arising from the rapid and impressive successes of the wehrmacht in the [first] advances .

In this initial phase of allied bombing , it was less the material damage than the psychological shock of the helplessness of the Luftwaffe either to prevent the attacks or to retaliate in due measure which was harmful to morale .
in this [first] phase of allied bombing , it was less the material damage than the psychological shock of the helplessness of the luftwaffe either to prevent the attacks or to retaliate in due measure which was harmful to morale .

Certainly some people , particularly those who drew up the initial list of candidates , tried to gain advantage by appealing to tribal loyalties , but that led them to include candidates who were not Zuwaya , or not Magharba , in the hope of widening their mass appeal .
certainly some people , particularly those who drew up the [first] list of candidates , tried to gain advantage by appealing to tribal loyalties , but that led them to include candidates who were not zuwaya , or not magharba , in the hope of widening their mass appeal .

You might go hoping for some insight into the goat-hair experiences of Professor Peters or Evans-Pritchard , but , after the initial polite questions , you are asked if you have heard the news from Iran .
you might go hoping for some insight into the goat-hair experiences of professor peters or evans-pritchard , but , after the [first] polite questions , you are asked if you have heard the news from iran .

So , a small boy could speak of ‘ our goats ’ or ‘ our Mercedes truck ’ , even on occasion , and with startling initial effect , ‘ my Mercedes truck ’ : vis-à-vis outsiders , a household was an undifferentiated unit .
so , a small boy could speak of ‘ our goats ’ or ‘ our mercedes truck ’ , even on occasion , and with startling [first] effect , ‘ my mercedes truck ’ : vis-à-vis outsiders , a household was an undifferentiated unit .

They drove into an underground vehicle park where Leila and Cable went off to check them in with security and pay the initial tariff .
they drove into an underground vehicle park where leila and cable went off to check them in with security and pay the [first] tariff .

Repairs will cost up to £200 million , according to initial reports .
repairs will cost up to £200 million , according to [first] reports .

The classic Heineken campaign ( ’ Refreshes the parts other beers can not reach ’ ) scored an initial thumbs-down before becoming a popular success .
the classic heineken campaign ( ’ refreshes the parts other beers can not reach ’ ) scored an [first] thumbs-down before becoming a popular success .

Once patients had been seen for an initial consultation , half were treated within five weeks and 80 per cent within six months , she added .
once patients had been seen for an [first] consultation , half were treated within five weeks and 80 per cent within six months , she added .

Prospective owners were required to put down an initial deposit of £50,000 , which seemed fair enough when they had received 1,400 applications and at a time when the prices of exclusive cars were rising to the stratosphere .
prospective owners were required to put down an [first] deposit of £50,000 , which seemed fair enough when they had received 1,400 applications and at a time when the prices of exclusive cars were rising to the stratosphere .

With 3 million dishes already sold , a minimum of one million households is not an unreasonable initial target and they are after five million in the long term .
with 3 million dishes already sold , a minimum of one million households is not an unreasonable [first] target and they are after five million in the long term .

Having subdued the home team 's initial pressure Newcastle began to come more into the game and took the lead after 16 minutes with an excellent goal from their leading scorer Peacock .
having subdued the home team 's [first] pressure newcastle began to come more into the game and took the lead after 16 minutes with an excellent goal from their leading scorer peacock .

The businessman might as well go off and start his own photographic processor , print shop , or plumbing company but for the initial advice on how to run the organisation .
the businessman might as well go off and start his own photographic processor , print shop , or plumbing company but for the [first] advice on how to run the organisation .

He much prefers to drive something that has been on the market for two or three years , reasoning that most of the initial problems should have been ironed out .
he much prefers to drive something that has been on the market for two or three years , reasoning that most of the [first] problems should have been ironed out .

Liverpool 's defeat , which threatens to prevent them finishing in the top five for the first time since their initial season back in the First Division 30 years ago , was again due to the unpredictable goalkeeping of Grobbelaar .
liverpool 's defeat , which threatens to prevent them finishing in the top five for the first time since their [first] season back in the first division 30 years ago , was again due to the unpredictable goalkeeping of grobbelaar .

City Diary : Initial objections
city diary : [first] objections

However , for initial budget purposes , it is sufficient to estimate these costs by using the average build costs per square foot achieved by others who have recently built their own home .
however , for [first] budget purposes , it is sufficient to estimate these costs by using the average build costs per square foot achieved by others who have recently built their own home .

Surveys on buildings close to the explosion in St Mary Axe will continue today , but initial estimates put the bill for rebuilding and repairs at more than £200 million .
surveys on buildings close to the explosion in st mary axe will continue today , but [first] estimates put the bill for rebuilding and repairs at more than £200 million .

The Smiths were prime movers in what you could call the depoliticization of personal life , after punk 's initial demystification .
the smiths were prime movers in what you could call the depoliticization of personal life , after punk 's [first] demystification .

Foreign investment too may dry up , as the initial post-unification euphoria fades .
foreign investment too may dry up , as the [first] post-unification euphoria fades .

Mr Aziz 's initial reaction encouraged the Russians to believe that they would get a good reply , and get it promptly .
mr aziz 's [first] reaction encouraged the russians to believe that they would get a good reply , and get it promptly .

The initial allocation of property rights affects the distribution of income ; in other words , if you own something , you are better off than if you do not .
the [first] allocation of property rights affects the distribution of income ; in other words , if you own something , you are better off than if you do not .

He was stunned by the rigour , clarity , and persuasiveness of the reasoning by which Euclid got this interesting theorem from a small initial collection of obvious axioms , elementary postulates , and clear definitions .
he was stunned by the rigour , clarity , and persuasiveness of the reasoning by which euclid got this interesting theorem from a small [first] collection of obvious axioms , elementary postulates , and clear definitions .

Given his initial thought that properly established geometrical results would not be disputable , it is ironical that this claim led to lengthy and acrimonious argument , and brought Hobbes into some disrepute .
given his [first] thought that properly established geometrical results would not be disputable , it is ironical that this claim led to lengthy and acrimonious argument , and brought hobbes into some disrepute .

Causation for Hobbes is , of course , essentially a matter of motion , and his example concerning the circle gives a good initial insight into this .
causation for hobbes is , of course , essentially a matter of motion , and his example concerning the circle gives a good [first] insight into this .

So the initial stage in the discovery of the unknown cause of a given observable effect is resolution or analysis of the effect into parts .
so the [first] stage in the discovery of the unknown cause of a given observable effect is resolution or analysis of the effect into parts .

His initial general complaints about the whole tenor , style , and intellectual bent of the Aristotelians are of the common seventeenth-century sort , which were outlined in Chapter 1 .
his [first] general complaints about the whole tenor , style , and intellectual bent of the aristotelians are of the common seventeenth-century sort , which were outlined in chapter 1 .

Facts about the properties of a given species are exactly the facts that a ‘ science ’ , with its initial definitions , is meant to give causal knowledge of .
facts about the properties of a given species are exactly the facts that a ‘ science ’ , with its [first] definitions , is meant to give causal knowledge of .

His initial intention was to publish something on Epicurus merely as an appendix to the Exercises .
his [first] intention was to publish something on epicurus merely as an appendix to the exercises .

Locke rejects this , though his arguments against Descartes 's identification of body with extension tend to be little more than initial difficulties .
locke rejects this , though his arguments against descartes 's identification of body with extension tend to be little more than [first] difficulties .

All of this forms a central part of Locke 's answer to his initial question about the extent of human knowledge , and whether there is a horizon between what we can and can not know .
all of this forms a central part of locke 's answer to his [first] question about the extent of human knowledge , and whether there is a horizon between what we can and can not know .

He not only created the material world but also , like a divine watchmaker , set it going by an initial injection of motion , and kept it going by occasional adjustments .
he not only created the material world but also , like a divine watchmaker , set it going by an [first] injection of motion , and kept it going by occasional adjustments .

His initial appointment was for just two Tests , a demonstration of lack of faith that can not have helped his confidence and seemed to many to be ludicrous .
his [first] appointment was for just two tests , a demonstration of lack of faith that can not have helped his confidence and seemed to many to be ludicrous .

Several years ago they could offer mortgages at an interest rate of roughly 4 % , fixed for an initial period of four years .
several years ago they could offer mortgages at an interest rate of roughly 4 % , fixed for an [first] period of four years .

At an earlier meeting , Bobby Lawrence had asked me for my initial reaction to the management buying the company .
at an earlier meeting , bobby lawrence had asked me for my [first] reaction to the management buying the company .

In the health service the initial shock that patients can be denied treatment fades as the public becomes used to the fact that they are .
in the health service the [first] shock that patients can be denied treatment fades as the public becomes used to the fact that they are .

Though the initial approval ratings for Mr Bush 's handling of the Gulf ( which were above 75 % ) have not been sustained , he has consistently maintained the support of about 60 % of Americans for his general policy .
though the [first] approval ratings for mr bush 's handling of the gulf ( which were above 75 % ) have not been sustained , he has consistently maintained the support of about 60 % of americans for his general policy .

The first is that initial support of 60 % is not high if the policy turns sour — if , for example , a war lasted more than the few days or weeks that Mr Bush seems to think it will take .
the first is that [first] support of 60 % is not high if the policy turns sour — if , for example , a war lasted more than the few days or weeks that mr bush seems to think it will take .

Adopting initial tariffs of even 100 % would still be a bold reform ; the implicit tariffs set by central planners approach infinity .
adopting [first] tariffs of even 100 % would still be a bold reform ; the implicit tariffs set by central planners approach infinity .

The economic downturn that began in 1929 was enough on its own to cause an initial increase in failures .
the economic downturn that began in 1929 was enough on its own to cause an [first] increase in failures .

It does not explain all the peculiar initial conditions of the big bang ; but it does provide some rationale for conditions that otherwise have to be accepted as given .
it does not explain all the peculiar [first] conditions of the big bang ; but it does provide some rationale for conditions that otherwise have to be accepted as given .

The initial privatisation programme looks relatively timid .
the [first] privatisation programme looks relatively timid .

Mr Peres has an initial three weeks to put together a coalition ; then it is Mr Shamir 's turn to try .
mr peres has an [first] three weeks to put together a coalition ; then it is mr shamir 's turn to try .

The City gave an initial thumbs-down , selling sterling to a new low against the D-mark .
the city gave an [first] thumbs-down , selling sterling to a new low against the d-mark .

Other surveys in the Power stable measure the opinions of owners three months ( the Initial Quality Survey ) and five years ( the Vehicle Dependability Index ) after purchase .
other surveys in the power stable measure the opinions of owners three months ( the [first] quality survey ) and five years ( the vehicle dependability index ) after purchase .

The tout has other costs to cover , too : these include not just his time , but also the capital cost of his initial outlay and the psychic cost of being a social outcast .
the tout has other costs to cover , too : these include not just his time , but also the capital cost of his [first] outlay and the psychic cost of being a social outcast .

There is an error in chart 4 of your survey ; starting from the same initial point , the curve representing the traditional view of the value of a firm should rise initially and then fall , as the level of debt increases .
there is an error in chart 4 of your survey ; starting from the same [first] point , the curve representing the traditional view of the value of a firm should rise initially and then fall , as the level of debt increases .

Of course , the initial system will not be perfect .
of course , the [first] system will not be perfect .

They held their line and competed hard in midfield , damping down Oldham 's initial verve and preparing themselves for more of the same in the second half .
they held their line and competed hard in midfield , damping down oldham 's [first] verve and preparing themselves for more of the same in the second half .

The initial stimulus was a drop in the price of Soviet oil , which has meant that Soviet industry can no longer afford to buy so much Czechoslovak machinery .
the [first] stimulus was a drop in the price of soviet oil , which has meant that soviet industry can no longer afford to buy so much czechoslovak machinery .

Investors will have to apply for a minimum of £240 worth of the shares , with an initial instalment of £100 .
investors will have to apply for a minimum of £240 worth of the shares , with an [first] instalment of £100 .

His interim military cabinet said it held an emergency meeting ‘ to examine initial information about the ugly crime ’ .
his interim military cabinet said it held an emergency meeting ‘ to examine [first] information about the ugly crime ’ .

Flotation advisers revealed that investors will be able to apply for a minimum of £240 worth of the shares , with an initial instalment of £100 .
flotation advisers revealed that investors will be able to apply for a minimum of £240 worth of the shares , with an [first] instalment of £100 .

His interim military cabinet said it held an emergency meeting ‘ to examine initial information about the ugly crime ’ .
his interim military cabinet said it held an emergency meeting ‘ to examine [first] information about the ugly crime ’ .

The initial expression of interest , backed by a ballot of consultants , went to the Yorkshire regional health authority from Mr Bill Shea , an orthopaedic consultant retired from clinical practice and now head of the hospital 's medical management advisory committee .
the [first] expression of interest , backed by a ballot of consultants , went to the yorkshire regional health authority from mr bill shea , an orthopaedic consultant retired from clinical practice and now head of the hospital 's medical management advisory committee .

Thompson 's initial corner was headed behind goal by Southend 's massed defence .
thompson 's [first] corner was headed behind goal by southend 's massed defence .

initial charge , 0.8 p.c .
[first] charge , 0.8 p.c .

Initial charges are up to 5 p.c .
[first] charges are up to 5 p.c .

There is an initial charge of 5 p.c .
there is an [first] charge of 5 p.c .

Initial charges are 4 p.c .
[first] charges are 4 p.c .

Some management companies , including Murray Johnstone — which recently reduced its initial charge from 5 to 1 p.c .
some management companies , including murray johnstone — which recently reduced its [first] charge from 5 to 1 p.c .

Of the 222 new American funds launched last year , 99 were of the Lazards variety and carry no initial or exit charges .
of the 222 new american funds launched last year , 99 were of the lazards variety and carry no [first] or exit charges .

In Britain , with our complex bid to offer system , investors often think that the standard 5 p.c. or 6 p.c. initial charge is all they must pay , when in fact the spread between a unit trust 's offer and bid prices can be much greater .
in britain , with our complex bid to offer system , investors often think that the standard 5 p.c. or 6 p.c. [first] charge is all they must pay , when in fact the spread between a unit trust 's offer and bid prices can be much greater .

Despite Labour 's plans to raise taxes by £6.8 billion in a full year , the analysis says it would be unable to fund its election spending promises beyond initial moves to raise pensions and child benefit and a modest recovery programme .
despite labour 's plans to raise taxes by £6.8 billion in a full year , the analysis says it would be unable to fund its election spending promises beyond [first] moves to raise pensions and child benefit and a modest recovery programme .

Moreover , despite initial worries about possible German weakness after reunification , the economic picture now appears more positive .
moreover , despite [first] worries about possible german weakness after reunification , the economic picture now appears more positive .

Even at this initial stage the banks can assist by supplying : —
even at this [first] stage the banks can assist by supplying : —

Though only the exporter will be able to judge the persons with whom he should do business , help in making the initial contacts is available through the banks by way of : —
though only the exporter will be able to judge the persons with whom he should do business , help in making the [first] contacts is available through the banks by way of : —

Salzburg is a fascinating city too , and the guided tour is by far the best way to get your initial bearings .
salzburg is a fascinating city too , and the guided tour is by far the best way to get your [first] bearings .

We will pay income support to claimants in advance and assist with initial deposits , extend the duty of local authorities to provide accommodation for 16–18 year olds , and encourage councils to assist each other with housing needs .
we will pay income support to claimants in advance and assist with [first] deposits , extend the duty of local authorities to provide accommodation for 16–18 year olds , and encourage councils to assist each other with housing needs .

After the initial increase , we will uprate the basic pension every year in line with average earnings .
after the [first] increase , we will uprate the basic pension every year in line with average earnings .

This includes advice , guidance and initial financial assistance where appropriate up to a limit of £5,000 per person .
this includes advice , guidance and [first] financial assistance where appropriate up to a limit of £5,000 per person .

The initial distribution between capitation and other expenditure followed an incremental approach as it was based on previous patterns of expenditure .
the [first] distribution between capitation and other expenditure followed an incremental approach as it was based on previous patterns of expenditure .

This is indicated , for example , in the absence of management training in initial teacher training , problems in responding to the demands made by Circular 6/86 and the uncertainty surrounding the introduction of teacher appraisal .
this is indicated , for example , in the absence of management training in [first] teacher training , problems in responding to the demands made by circular 6/86 and the uncertainty surrounding the introduction of teacher appraisal .

Once initial aims and objectives are established then all other processes and outcomes are functions of , and subordinate to , them .
once [first] aims and objectives are established then all other processes and outcomes are functions of , and subordinate to , them .

We will establish a new cash-limited Skills for the 90s fund , with an initial budget of £300 million , to upgrade the training of those in work .
we will establish a new cash-limited skills for the 90s fund , with an [first] budget of £300 million , to upgrade the training of those in work .

An initial experimental model was constructed early in 1896 , which , upon being reported satisfactory by Stone-Wigg , the chairman , was followed by a larger one built at Bulbourne near to Tring .
an [first] experimental model was constructed early in 1896 , which , upon being reported satisfactory by stone-wigg , the chairman , was followed by a larger one built at bulbourne near to tring .

1 Parachute Training School at Ringway involved a period of initial practice on a variety of ground-training apparatus .
1 parachute training school at ringway involved a period of [first] practice on a variety of ground-training apparatus .

This initial fragmentation is one of the essential processes that leads to the conversion of sterile rock into fertile soil .
this [first] fragmentation is one of the essential processes that leads to the conversion of sterile rock into fertile soil .

After the initial euphoria of the war ending , the Club started on another six years of intense struggle for survival , despite investment .
after the [first] euphoria of the war ending , the club started on another six years of intense struggle for survival , despite investment .

The establishment of compatibility is slower and it remains less stable when the two animals are both of high initial dominance ; thus two males are less compatible than a male — female dyad .
the establishment of compatibility is slower and it remains less stable when the two animals are both of high [first] dominance ; thus two males are less compatible than a male — female dyad .

It seems that the initial agonism derives from a conflict over dominance and the subsequent sexual posturing reduces both aggressive and escape tendencies as the conflict over dominance is resolved .
it seems that the [first] agonism derives from a conflict over dominance and the subsequent sexual posturing reduces both aggressive and escape tendencies as the conflict over dominance is resolved .

One of the prerequisites of second-order experiencing is an element of initial submission : it requires a passive/active engagement .
one of the prerequisites of second-order experiencing is an element of [first] submission : it requires a passive/active engagement .

Drama , too , requires an initial act of submission .
drama , too , requires an [first] act of submission .

The initial idea of God as the one who led the people ‘ out of the house of bondage ’ , who freed the Israelite slaves from Egyptian control , develops into an idea of God as one who made the heavens and the earth .
the [first] idea of god as the one who led the people ‘ out of the house of bondage ’ , who freed the israelite slaves from egyptian control , develops into an idea of god as one who made the heavens and the earth .

As a suggestion that change in the world occurs rather in the way that certain competitions present dominoes falling into kaleidoscopic patterns , requiring some initial push in order to begin the process , this ‘ proof ’ is hardly convincing .
as a suggestion that change in the world occurs rather in the way that certain competitions present dominoes falling into kaleidoscopic patterns , requiring some [first] push in order to begin the process , this ‘ proof ’ is hardly convincing .

To represent the dependence of the world upon God it is a classic error to suggest that it is like a car that requires an initial shove down the street and thereafter runs of its own accord .
to represent the dependence of the world upon god it is a classic error to suggest that it is like a car that requires an [first] shove down the street and thereafter runs of its own accord .

The form of dependence of the world upon God suggested by Aquinas , however , is arguably a continuous rather than an initial dependence .
the form of dependence of the world upon god suggested by aquinas , however , is arguably a continuous rather than an [first] dependence .

The dependence of the world upon God is not initial but constant ; built into the structures of reality is an inherent dependence which requires us to posit something else — the designer or the first cause .
the dependence of the world upon god is not [first] but constant ; built into the structures of reality is an inherent dependence which requires us to posit something else — the designer or the first cause .

After a few months the initial enthusiasm for d-i-y started to wane , and the pace slowed right down as most of the rooms were completed .
after a few months the [first] enthusiasm for d-i-y started to wane , and the pace slowed right down as most of the rooms were completed .

This takes into account the loss of £2.4 million in the estate agency subsidiary , Birmingham Midshires Property Services Limited and the initial costs of expansion into other activities , as mentioned below .
this takes into account the loss of £2.4 million in the estate agency subsidiary , birmingham midshires property services limited and the [first] costs of expansion into other activities , as mentioned below .

It contains a set of readable , no-nonsense booklets which offer clear , practical advice on organising and running your business , from its conception and initial preparation to coping with growth .
it contains a set of readable , no-nonsense booklets which offer clear , practical advice on organising and running your business , from its conception and [first] preparation to coping with growth .

The initial investment is for ten years .
the [first] investment is for ten years .

The first 65 % of your first year 's contribution covers the initial set-up charges of the policy .
the first 65 % of your first year 's contribution covers the [first] set-up charges of the policy .

You 're then guaranteed an initial sum , and each year Clerical Medical may apply an annual bonus — your share in the investment performance of Clerical Medical .
you 're then guaranteed an [first] sum , and each year clerical medical may apply an annual bonus — your share in the investment performance of clerical medical .

initial two year capital repayment holiday available
[first] two year capital repayment holiday available

initial two year capital repayment holiday available
[first] two year capital repayment holiday available

You can also ease initial strain on your cashflow by taking advantage of a two year ‘ capital repayment holiday ’ , during which you only pay interest on the loan and make no capital repayments .
you can also ease [first] strain on your cashflow by taking advantage of a two year ‘ capital repayment holiday ’ , during which you only pay interest on the loan and make no capital repayments .

While they can devise initial drafts , as manager you should take a close interest in the contents .
while they can devise [first] drafts , as manager you should take a close interest in the contents .

Initial symptoms resemble those of a cold , with red , watery eyes , running nose , cough , and high fever .
[first] symptoms resemble those of a cold , with red , watery eyes , running nose , cough , and high fever .

Initial symptoms include fever and mild sore throat .
[first] symptoms include fever and mild sore throat .

Sir Laurie Barratt of Barratt 's Homes set his architects to work at once and , after a few initial hiccups , the message has filtered through .
sir laurie barratt of barratt 's homes set his architects to work at once and , after a few [first] hiccups , the message has filtered through .

Mr Clarke has been indulging in just that himself , putting up the luckless Duncan Nichol , chief executive of the health service , to take the initial flak under the pretence that the dispute is not his direct responsibility .
mr clarke has been indulging in just that himself , putting up the luckless duncan nichol , chief executive of the health service , to take the [first] flak under the pretence that the dispute is not his direct responsibility .

The experiment worked ; now all fabric is given an initial staining before the main production run , in a colour most accurately described as ‘ tea dust ’ .
the experiment worked ; now all fabric is given an [first] staining before the main production run , in a colour most accurately described as ‘ tea dust ’ .

That increase accounts for the large sales increase , exaggerated by the initial stocks sold to franchises .
that increase accounts for the large sales increase , exaggerated by the [first] stocks sold to franchises .

Travellers might get used to jet-lag in the sense that they learn to live with it , or they might find it progressively more irksome as their initial excitement with travel begins to wear thin .
travellers might get used to jet-lag in the sense that they learn to live with it , or they might find it progressively more irksome as their [first] excitement with travel begins to wear thin .

Having a wardrobe of fragrances is as exciting as owning a vast array of stylish clothes ( with the advantage , after you 've made your initial choice , that perfumes always fit ) .
having a wardrobe of fragrances is as exciting as owning a vast array of stylish clothes ( with the advantage , after you 've made your [first] choice , that perfumes always fit ) .

It also suggested that legislation should be brought in that required planners , designers and architects to consider future health and safety needs at the initial design stage .
it also suggested that legislation should be brought in that required planners , designers and architects to consider future health and safety needs at the [first] design stage .

An initial sum of £2m will be put into the more urgent cases , he said , with more to follow .
an [first] sum of £2m will be put into the more urgent cases , he said , with more to follow .

People will spend more on cooking oil during the lifetime of the machine that they did on the initial capital cost of the machine .
people will spend more on cooking oil during the lifetime of the machine that they did on the [first] capital cost of the machine .

If a builder is entrusted with the work , it must be ensured through a full briefing and careful supervision that only conscientious , knowledgeable and skilled tradesmen are employed who are able to give rational advice on the proper nature and extent of the remedial treatment if the initial assessment of the degree of damage proves to be inaccurate .
if a builder is entrusted with the work , it must be ensured through a full briefing and careful supervision that only conscientious , knowledgeable and skilled tradesmen are employed who are able to give rational advice on the proper nature and extent of the remedial treatment if the [first] assessment of the degree of damage proves to be inaccurate .

The most extensive and expensive part of the work in some cases is the initial removal of wholly infested wood and beetle-riddled frass .
the most extensive and expensive part of the work in some cases is the [first] removal of wholly infested wood and beetle-riddled frass .

Almost all of these elements depend in some way for their initial success on the brigade 's own advanced forces , the Pathfinder Platoon .
almost all of these elements depend in some way for their [first] success on the brigade 's own advanced forces , the pathfinder platoon .

Many more are awaiting follow-on air-land sorties , along with the large numbers of vehicles and stores that were not delivered with the initial assaults .
many more are awaiting follow-on air-land sorties , along with the large numbers of vehicles and stores that were not delivered with the [first] assaults .

Colette 's initial reaction was : ‘ This feels very funny , ’ but , as the minutes passed , she warmed to the new , much shorter style — and she loved the colour .
colette 's [first] reaction was : ‘ this feels very funny , ’ but , as the minutes passed , she warmed to the new , much shorter style — and she loved the colour .

There is no sense here of any engagement with the writer on what the script should be like , nor does Hepworth anticipate substantial work being done on the text after his initial moments of introspection .
there is no sense here of any engagement with the writer on what the script should be like , nor does hepworth anticipate substantial work being done on the text after his [first] moments of introspection .

The strategy worked in both cases , and the producers were able to turn their initial successes into the resilience required to survive the setbacks that followed .
the strategy worked in both cases , and the producers were able to turn their [first] successes into the resilience required to survive the setbacks that followed .

As the Club Conference Committee was struggling to express this wider vision in an initial Statement of Aims , it was Philip in 1964 who produced the winning title that we all now take for granted — Frontier Youth Trust .
as the club conference committee was struggling to express this wider vision in an [first] statement of aims , it was philip in 1964 who produced the winning title that we all now take for granted — frontier youth trust .

John Hutchinson is writing up an initial impressions report of the work in the region .
john hutchinson is writing up an [first] impressions report of the work in the region .

Initial trials are beginning with the Press Association , which will send news and pictures via satellite to six customers .
[first] trials are beginning with the press association , which will send news and pictures via satellite to six customers .

The important step in the research was therefore in obtaining initial permission .
the important step in the research was therefore in obtaining [first] permission .

It is in the initial anticipation that the middle class will show respect that the bias lies , for where this deference is lacking , even from someone who appears middle class , a variant of the gouger typification comes into force .
it is in the [first] anticipation that the middle class will show respect that the bias lies , for where this deference is lacking , even from someone who appears middle class , a variant of the gouger typification comes into force .

The abrupt ending of the contact , therefore , seems to have reflected the policeman 's sensitivity to the girl 's feelings and a general sympathy towards her welfare , even though beforehand he had very competently overcome her initial resistance by showing a warm and friendly disposition .
the abrupt ending of the contact , therefore , seems to have reflected the policeman 's sensitivity to the girl 's feelings and a general sympathy towards her welfare , even though beforehand he had very competently overcome her [first] resistance by showing a warm and friendly disposition .

Ms Kennedy said that coupled with the suggestion — left over from a case in 1976 — that woman and boys tend to lie , this initial suggestion of doubt can be an ‘ appalling ’ for the victim , who was already having to relive the ordeal in court .
ms kennedy said that coupled with the suggestion — left over from a case in 1976 — that woman and boys tend to lie , this [first] suggestion of doubt can be an ‘ appalling ’ for the victim , who was already having to relive the ordeal in court .

The initial change in Singer from shuddering zombie to desperate fighter for life is only the first of several metamorphoses — all caught with bravura vividness in Antony Sher 's phenomenally versatile performance .
the [first] change in singer from shuddering zombie to desperate fighter for life is only the first of several metamorphoses — all caught with bravura vividness in antony sher 's phenomenally versatile performance .

This may have been a reasonable starting assumption for the initial round of forecasts made in 1985 , but it is not adequate now .
this may have been a reasonable starting assumption for the [first] round of forecasts made in 1985 , but it is not adequate now .

Recently it has been well-aired in this country through broadcasts and festivals ; enough to form an initial overall view .
recently it has been well-aired in this country through broadcasts and festivals ; enough to form an [first] overall view .

Five years later , and after an initial ‘ thrashing ’ by Birmingham for the British nomination , the bid is more substantial than a local headline , £2 million more , the Duke of Westminster and a dozen of Britain 's blue-chip companies and corporations each persuaded by Scott 's vision of a North-west renaissance to dip into their accounts for at least £100,000 .
five years later , and after an [first] ‘ thrashing ’ by birmingham for the british nomination , the bid is more substantial than a local headline , £2 million more , the duke of westminster and a dozen of britain 's blue-chip companies and corporations each persuaded by scott 's vision of a north-west renaissance to dip into their accounts for at least £100,000 .

That is just as well , because , after the initial curiosity value , Muddle expects the attendance to fall to around 500 .
that is just as well , because , after the [first] curiosity value , muddle expects the attendance to fall to around 500 .

She named Major Francisco Olechea , the head of Battalion 2000 — the unit which came to General Noriega 's rescue during the coup — as one of the initial conspirators .
she named major francisco olechea , the head of battalion 2000 — the unit which came to general noriega 's rescue during the coup — as one of the [first] conspirators .

Once the initial involuntary reactions had settled down , the overall feeling was a strange mixture of sensations , memories and impressions , not altogether unpleasant .
once the [first] involuntary reactions had settled down , the overall feeling was a strange mixture of sensations , memories and impressions , not altogether unpleasant .

Following the initial chickenpox infection , usually during childhood , the chickenpox virus remains inactive in the body .
following the [first] chickenpox infection , usually during childhood , the chickenpox virus remains inactive in the body .

Your Occupational Therapist will have written to the Environmental Health Officer to support your application and you will have had an initial test of resources .
your occupational therapist will have written to the environmental health officer to support your application and you will have had an [first] test of resources .

When you carry out the initial survey to check just what you have got and what you want , do n't discard anything that might make a positive contribution to the garden later on .
when you carry out the [first] survey to check just what you have got and what you want , do n't discard anything that might make a positive contribution to the garden later on .

Five the bag an initial soaking , keep the bowl topped up , and the bag will water itself .
five the bag an [first] soaking , keep the bowl topped up , and the bag will water itself .

The art of safe piloting is to learn to avoid the initial error whenever possible .
the art of safe piloting is to learn to avoid the [first] error whenever possible .

Many instructors are not careful , or thoughtful enough about either their initial teaching or their subsequent monitoring of their students as they do their own cockpit checks .
many instructors are not careful , or thoughtful enough about either their [first] teaching or their subsequent monitoring of their students as they do their own cockpit checks .

Instructors can be mistaken about their students ' ability to control the initial part properly if one or two launches go well .
instructors can be mistaken about their students ' ability to control the [first] part properly if one or two launches go well .

The loads on the structure are lower during the first half of the launch and it is not unusual to exceed the placard speed for a few seconds during the initial steepening of the climb .
the loads on the structure are lower during the first half of the launch and it is not unusual to exceed the placard speed for a few seconds during the [first] steepening of the climb .

With all types of glider , it is wise to hold the stick right forward for the initial part of the ground run , so that there is no possibility of the glider zooming off the ground and into a steep climb if the winch driver applies full power too quickly .
with all types of glider , it is wise to hold the stick right forward for the [first] part of the ground run , so that there is no possibility of the glider zooming off the ground and into a steep climb if the winch driver applies full power too quickly .

But worse still , if the pilot is able to pick up the dropped wing after the initial swing , because of the acceleration the controls suddenly become effective , and this often results in the other wing touching just as the aircraft becomes airborne .
but worse still , if the pilot is able to pick up the dropped wing after the [first] swing , because of the acceleration the controls suddenly become effective , and this often results in the other wing touching just as the aircraft becomes airborne .

Initial climb
[first] climb

The climbing angles for winch or car tow can be similar once the initial climb is over .
the climbing angles for winch or car tow can be similar once the [first] climb is over .

After the initial reaction of lowering the nose and checking the speed , a quick assessment of the situation is necessary .
after the [first] reaction of lowering the nose and checking the speed , a quick assessment of the situation is necessary .

( Usually this is the pilot 's fault for holding the glider down too much during the initial climb , or failing to get right up into the normal angle of climb . )
( usually this is the pilot 's fault for holding the glider down too much during the [first] climb , or failing to get right up into the normal angle of climb . )

Many field landing accidents occur because the initial decision to choose a field is left far too late .
many field landing accidents occur because the [first] decision to choose a field is left far too late .

Alternatively , they may continue to worry about their initial error of judgement instead of making a revised plan of action to get into a good position for the base leg and approach .
alternatively , they may continue to worry about their [first] error of judgement instead of making a revised plan of action to get into a good position for the base leg and approach .

Pilots should also be briefed about the dangers of raising the undercarriage , closing the canopy window or fiddling with anything in the cockpit in case they are momentarily distracted or jerk the stick unintentionally during the initial climb out .
pilots should also be briefed about the dangers of raising the undercarriage , closing the canopy window or fiddling with anything in the cockpit in case they are momentarily distracted or jerk the stick unintentionally during the [first] climb out .

Surprisingly , there is usually less reduction in ‘ g ’ during an incipient spin or full spin than in a straight stall and , apart from the initial apprehension , these manoeuvres affect sensitive people less than normal stall recoveries .
surprisingly , there is usually less reduction in ‘ g ’ during an incipient spin or full spin than in a straight stall and , apart from the [first] apprehension , these manoeuvres affect sensitive people less than normal stall recoveries .

The total of those favouring denominational schooling in the initial survey was less than one-third .
the total of those favouring denominational schooling in the [first] survey was less than one-third .

The initial outlay is quite low and the information here is based on using equipment and ingredients that are freely available .
the [first] outlay is quite low and the information here is based on using equipment and ingredients that are freely available .

Initial training to teach operators how to use the system takes more or less time depending on the software , but typically this ranges from two to five days .
[first] training to teach operators how to use the system takes more or less time depending on the software , but typically this ranges from two to five days .

If your name appears on the entry system , just list your initial and surname — do n't say whether you 're a ‘ Ms ’ , ‘ Miss ’ , ‘ Mrs ’ or ‘ Mr ’ .
if your name appears on the entry system , just list your [first] and surname — do n't say whether you 're a ‘ ms ’ , ‘ miss ’ , ‘ mrs ’ or ‘ mr ’ .

The Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction , usually shortened to the ‘ Herxheimer ’ reaction , follows the initial dose of treatment of syphilis in a proportion of cases .
the jarisch-herxheimer reaction , usually shortened to the ‘ herxheimer ’ reaction , follows the [first] dose of treatment of syphilis in a proportion of cases .

The initial lesion starts as a small papule or vesicle , which ulcerates and spreads leaving a raised , velvety reddened area , which bleeds easily .
the [first] lesion starts as a small papule or vesicle , which ulcerates and spreads leaving a raised , velvety reddened area , which bleeds easily .

If the tests are negative at the time of the initial examination , it is quite a good idea to ask the doctor whether he thinks there is likely to be any infection present or what he believes your symptoms are due to .
if the tests are negative at the time of the [first] examination , it is quite a good idea to ask the doctor whether he thinks there is likely to be any infection present or what he believes your symptoms are due to .

After the initial booking-in , the man 's progression through the clinic differs only in detail from the woman 's .
after the [first] booking-in , the man 's progression through the clinic differs only in detail from the woman 's .

It is , indeed , a rarity when initial enthusiastic ideas , plans , ideals and logistics fall into place with almost absolute perfection .
it is , indeed , a rarity when [first] enthusiastic ideas , plans , ideals and logistics fall into place with almost absolute perfection .

The independent Rough Trade , with initial major distribution problems , had undeservedly been tagged as a testing ground for the bigger labels .
the independent rough trade , with [first] major distribution problems , had undeservedly been tagged as a testing ground for the bigger labels .

The initial contract with Rough Trade was a simple singles deal .
the [first] contract with rough trade was a simple singles deal .

But The Smiths now found that success tends to complicate situations which made their initial stance of well meant integrity and the desire to do things differently ( ‘ We do n't wish to become pop stars ’ ) a virtual impossibility .
but the smiths now found that success tends to complicate situations which made their [first] stance of well meant integrity and the desire to do things differently ( ‘ we do n't wish to become pop stars ’ ) a virtual impossibility .

It was those sessions which won the band initial recognition and a recording contract .
it was those sessions which won the band [first] recognition and a recording contract .

But the ‘ no smoke without fire ’ theory remained in people 's minds , all of which was a direct product of the band 's status and a residue of success which leaves initial followers with a sense of loss as ‘ their ’ band goes public .
but the ‘ no smoke without fire ’ theory remained in people 's minds , all of which was a direct product of the band 's status and a residue of success which leaves [first] followers with a sense of loss as ‘ their ’ band goes public .

As ‘ Meat Is Murder ’ was steadily devoured and after the initial hysteria had faded away , how did the new music stand in comparison to the angst-ridden image of the early band ?
as ‘ meat is murder ’ was steadily devoured and after the [first] hysteria had faded away , how did the new music stand in comparison to the angst-ridden image of the early band ?

The equivalent in marathon preparation begins when you are training frequently , and despite feeling tired for months on end , are actually creating that initial momentum .
the equivalent in marathon preparation begins when you are training frequently , and despite feeling tired for months on end , are actually creating that [first] momentum .

Pamela and the other campaigners have funded initial research from their own pockets .
pamela and the other campaigners have funded [first] research from their own pockets .

Once this initial discipline is faced , the job itself is relatively easy .
once this [first] discipline is faced , the job itself is relatively easy .

The initial budget
the [first] budget

After cutting and initial drying of the exposed surface the swathes are turned over by hand or mechanical rake to expose the wet under-surface and to move the whole windrow onto dry ground .
after cutting and [first] drying of the exposed surface the swathes are turned over by hand or mechanical rake to expose the wet under-surface and to move the whole windrow onto dry ground .

This type of fence is very quickly and easily erected in the second and subsequent years if the materials are carefully put away ; it is the initial preparation and setting up that takes the time .
this type of fence is very quickly and easily erected in the second and subsequent years if the materials are carefully put away ; it is the [first] preparation and setting up that takes the time .

The initial necessity for building railway stations on the out-skirts of towns caused other companies to adopt the country-house model , with the idea that passengers would spend the night there before beginning their journey or after arriving .
the [first] necessity for building railway stations on the out-skirts of towns caused other companies to adopt the country-house model , with the idea that passengers would spend the night there before beginning their journey or after arriving .

But whereas Chinese railways became a prey to concession seekers , railway builders , and engineers from Britain , France , Belgium , Germany , Russia , Japan , and the United States , even Portugal , Austria , and Italy , the Japanese tried to keep railway-building , after an initial concessionary period , firmly in their own hands .
but whereas chinese railways became a prey to concession seekers , railway builders , and engineers from britain , france , belgium , germany , russia , japan , and the united states , even portugal , austria , and italy , the japanese tried to keep railway-building , after an [first] concessionary period , firmly in their own hands .

Looking back over the years , the initial aim of creating awareness has been substantially achieved .
looking back over the years , the [first] aim of creating awareness has been substantially achieved .

In your initial blast , concentrate on the building 's importance and interest , and the immediacy of the threat .
in your [first] blast , concentrate on the building 's importance and interest , and the immediacy of the threat .

The initial lists , for example , were compiled in a hurry and many of the more remote buildings were left out .
the [first] lists , for example , were compiled in a hurry and many of the more remote buildings were left out .

After some initial hesitation , the Church Commissioners agreed and now the remaining repairs , principally to the stonework , can be carried out on a rolling programme over several years .
after some [first] hesitation , the church commissioners agreed and now the remaining repairs , principally to the stonework , can be carried out on a rolling programme over several years .

Very few were included in the initial lists of historic buildings and as a result a very large number have been demolished .
very few were included in the [first] lists of historic buildings and as a result a very large number have been demolished .

Or , you could privatise it and charge for skate sessions , but making it successful this way is a hard slog , what with the initial funding for equipment , paying to keep the ramps skateable , and improving the park , all out of skate session fees .
or , you could privatise it and charge for skate sessions , but making it successful this way is a hard slog , what with the [first] funding for equipment , paying to keep the ramps skateable , and improving the park , all out of skate session fees .

In the ancient romance , the initial event ( boy meets girl ) and the final event ( boy marries girl ) are separated by a series of Events which have no causal relationship and no natural location , and which , though they impede the relationship between the boy and girl , do not change it .
in the ancient romance , the [first] event ( boy meets girl ) and the final event ( boy marries girl ) are separated by a series of events which have no causal relationship and no natural location , and which , though they impede the relationship between the boy and girl , do not change it .

An initial period of identification is important to a repressed group that has never had adequate self-images .
an [first] period of identification is important to a repressed group that has never had adequate self-images .

After an initial modernist interest in the medium as such , there came a shift away from the live or near-live interactive installation , and a closer engagement with the politics of representation .
after an [first] modernist interest in the medium as such , there came a shift away from the live or near-live interactive installation , and a closer engagement with the politics of representation .

Their activity created some initial enthusiasm , but was found to be poor compared with quinine .
their activity created some [first] enthusiasm , but was found to be poor compared with quinine .

In common with many other groups , researchers at the Eli Lilly Laboratories in Indianapolis were ringing the changes on the structure of adrenaline , with the initial objective of developing a compound which , like adrenaline , would relax the bronchial muscle and so be valuable in treating asthma .
in common with many other groups , researchers at the eli lilly laboratories in indianapolis were ringing the changes on the structure of adrenaline , with the [first] objective of developing a compound which , like adrenaline , would relax the bronchial muscle and so be valuable in treating asthma .

Initial Training
[first] training

The initial stages of training a dog to recall start now .
the [first] stages of training a dog to recall start now .

Once you have mastered the initial stages of training , there are many great areas to progress to , including the mysteries of scent discrimination , one of the most fascinating aspects of the dog game and one which so many people , including show people who have been in the breed for many years , will never come to appreciate .
once you have mastered the [first] stages of training , there are many great areas to progress to , including the mysteries of scent discrimination , one of the most fascinating aspects of the dog game and one which so many people , including show people who have been in the breed for many years , will never come to appreciate .

After initial successes , Cunningham 's offensive had been outflanked by Rommel and brought to a standstill .
after [first] successes , cunningham 's offensive had been outflanked by rommel and brought to a standstill .

She said : ‘ Our initial horror and disbelief at what happened on that day was replaced over time by the realisation that that day heralded the start of the British Government 's Shoot-to-Kill policy in Northern Ireland ’ .
she said : ‘ our [first] horror and disbelief at what happened on that day was replaced over time by the realisation that that day heralded the start of the british government 's shoot-to-kill policy in northern ireland ’ .

The initial production planning on Blackeyes was done by Kenith Trodd , who has produced most of Potter 's major work , including Pennies From Heaven and The Singing Detective .
the [first] production planning on blackeyes was done by kenith trodd , who has produced most of potter 's major work , including pennies from heaven and the singing detective .

But initial studies show there are higher concentrations of birds on the higher areas of the mudflats . ’
but [first] studies show there are higher concentrations of birds on the higher areas of the mudflats . ’

November : Initial application for a licence submitted by the partnership .
november : [first] application for a licence submitted by the partnership .

After the initial shock and disbelief , the Tysons grew angry — at the advisers who convinced them about Barlow Clowes , at the Midland bank manager who gave verbal assurances of its security , at the regulatory authorities responsible for the investment community and at the Department of Trade and Industry which allowed the company to trade .
after the [first] shock and disbelief , the tysons grew angry — at the advisers who convinced them about barlow clowes , at the midland bank manager who gave verbal assurances of its security , at the regulatory authorities responsible for the investment community and at the department of trade and industry which allowed the company to trade .

Firstly , the local authority search and all standard information about the property will now be obtained by the seller 's solicitor at the beginning of the process , so that when it comes to buying a property all the initial legal information will be available and in place .
firstly , the local authority search and all standard information about the property will now be obtained by the seller 's solicitor at the beginning of the process , so that when it comes to buying a property all the [first] legal information will be available and in place .

Because of that initial expense you will want your carpet to keep its good looks for many years to come .
because of that [first] expense you will want your carpet to keep its good looks for many years to come .

It appears that although the initial protest was by ethnic Hungarians seeking to protect Pastor Tokes , himself a Hungarian , Romanians were quick to join the demonstrations .
it appears that although the [first] protest was by ethnic hungarians seeking to protect pastor tokes , himself a hungarian , romanians were quick to join the demonstrations .

Despite the initial support of the boycott by international operatic stars — most of whom were at the time on contract to work with him — Barneboim 's case did not excite much public sympathy in France .
despite the [first] support of the boycott by international operatic stars — most of whom were at the time on contract to work with him — barneboim 's case did not excite much public sympathy in france .

The inspectors add that initial reading has been generally well taught and that primary teachers often read aloud to pupils — ‘ frequently very well .
the inspectors add that [first] reading has been generally well taught and that primary teachers often read aloud to pupils — ‘ frequently very well .

More reinforcements flew in yesterday morning from the 7th Infantry Division in Fort Ord , California , to back up the earlier contingents from the 82nd Airborne and the 5th Mechanised Infantry , who launched the initial assaults .
more reinforcements flew in yesterday morning from the 7th infantry division in fort ord , california , to back up the earlier contingents from the 82nd airborne and the 5th mechanised infantry , who launched the [first] assaults .

And that will mean resisting those tempting offers from lenders designed to encourage us to take on more debt by making the initial costs appear cheaper , but which store up trouble for the future .
and that will mean resisting those tempting offers from lenders designed to encourage us to take on more debt by making the [first] costs appear cheaper , but which store up trouble for the future .

Hungarians understand perfectly well that this may be due to internal Romanian reasons — the Romanian army had played some part in the initial repression in Timisoara , but since it joined the rebellion this fact has been conveniently forgotten .
hungarians understand perfectly well that this may be due to internal romanian reasons — the romanian army had played some part in the [first] repression in timisoara , but since it joined the rebellion this fact has been conveniently forgotten .

What worries many here is the claim that in the initial stages the surge for the Securitate men has not been pursued with real vigour .
what worries many here is the claim that in the [first] stages the surge for the securitate men has not been pursued with real vigour .

One guest at the Hotel Bucharest , which saw fierce fighting in the initial stages and now stands deserted , has complained that nobody believed him when he pointed out the leader of the Securitate fighters .
one guest at the hotel bucharest , which saw fierce fighting in the [first] stages and now stands deserted , has complained that nobody believed him when he pointed out the leader of the securitate fighters .

Our immediate response must be the development of a global monitoring system , including coastal gauges and satellites ; support for global ocean and atmosphere studies ; and initial analyses of local vulnerability .
our immediate response must be the development of a global monitoring system , including coastal gauges and satellites ; support for global ocean and atmosphere studies ; and [first] analyses of local vulnerability .

The big mass up front guarantees initial understeer and the ample power to the back promises the balancing availability of power oversteer .
the big mass up front guarantees [first] understeer and the ample power to the back promises the balancing availability of power oversteer .

This is true whether with regard to initial market entry decisions , product positioning or marketing mix decisions ’ .
this is true whether with regard to [first] market entry decisions , product positioning or marketing mix decisions ’ .

Exporting is often the cheapest and safest initial strategy .
exporting is often the cheapest and safest [first] strategy .

Disgruntled Conservative agriculturalists and imperialists resented Bonar Law 's dropping of the ‘ food taxes ’ in the winter of 1912–13 , and although he survived the initial furore sparked by this decision it was not clear that the ill feeling had been fully dissipated or his leadership wholly secured .
disgruntled conservative agriculturalists and imperialists resented bonar law 's dropping of the ‘ food taxes ’ in the winter of 1912–13 , and although he survived the [first] furore sparked by this decision it was not clear that the ill feeling had been fully dissipated or his leadership wholly secured .

The initial result was that the Conservatives had sought to counter the collectivist strategy of progressivism with a collectivism of their own , while individualist arguments had been relegated to the margins of Conservative politics .
the [first] result was that the conservatives had sought to counter the collectivist strategy of progressivism with a collectivism of their own , while individualist arguments had been relegated to the margins of conservative politics .

Following General Douglas MacArthur 's initial victories the change in the nature of the Korean operation was very much a British initiative .
following general douglas macarthur 's [first] victories the change in the nature of the korean operation was very much a british initiative .

After the initial effects of this wear off , children begin to realise their own and their parents ' position .
after the [first] effects of this wear off , children begin to realise their own and their parents ' position .

Members of the Cadbury family did not escape this strict initial training .
members of the cadbury family did not escape this strict [first] training .

The paper will be processed from pineapple and banana leaves , under the initial guidance of a Canadian crafts specialist .
the paper will be processed from pineapple and banana leaves , under the [first] guidance of a canadian crafts specialist .

The initial word ‘ everyone ’ in Article 25 ( and in most of the other Articles ) — however illogically linked with ‘ his family ’ — contains the same fallacy as ‘ all men ’ in the Declaration of 1776 : ‘ rights ’ are not an attribute of individuals but a description of societies .
the [first] word ‘ everyone ’ in article 25 ( and in most of the other articles ) — however illogically linked with ‘ his family ’ — contains the same fallacy as ‘ all men ’ in the declaration of 1776 : ‘ rights ’ are not an attribute of individuals but a description of societies .

It is interesting to note that the local Party cell 's initial report for January , that is , prior to the central decree of 16 February on church valuables , already concentrates on two things — possible rifts within the Church , and the flow of ecclesiastical monies .
it is interesting to note that the local party cell 's [first] report for january , that is , prior to the central decree of 16 february on church valuables , already concentrates on two things — possible rifts within the church , and the flow of ecclesiastical monies .

The initial deleterious effects of cost accounting struck the press as badly as they upset the railways , education , local Soviet administration , and trade .
the [first] deleterious effects of cost accounting struck the press as badly as they upset the railways , education , local soviet administration , and trade .

The initial emphasis was on praxis .
the [first] emphasis was on praxis .

The manager 's commission does n't have to be the same on everything , and my initial rates with the straits were set by their lawyer at the beginning of our relationship .
the manager 's commission does n't have to be the same on everything , and my [first] rates with the straits were set by their lawyer at the beginning of our relationship .

In addition , they decide the quantity of the initial pressing of their artists ' recordings ( for a new artist 's first single this would be around 5,000 ) ; they liaise with the manufacturing plant to ensure further stock is available if it is needed ; and they avoid producing stock which would probably never be sold .
in addition , they decide the quantity of the [first] pressing of their artists ' recordings ( for a new artist 's first single this would be around 5,000 ) ; they liaise with the manufacturing plant to ensure further stock is available if it is needed ; and they avoid producing stock which would probably never be sold .

As new bands get a pittance for live work , the record company put them on a wage which can be in the form of an initial advance .
as new bands get a pittance for live work , the record company put them on a wage which can be in the form of an [first] advance .

It is gratifying that the initial residents have built up a very happy family atmosphere , and have expressed their thanks to the Association for providing them with what they now regard as their home .
it is gratifying that the [first] residents have built up a very happy family atmosphere , and have expressed their thanks to the association for providing them with what they now regard as their home .

The initial setting up could be carried out by them and then circularised to the nearest branches some time before September in order for the most capable branch to make an offer for the franchise .
the [first] setting up could be carried out by them and then circularised to the nearest branches some time before september in order for the most capable branch to make an offer for the franchise .

The intention is that the housing will be self-funding once initial capital costs have been met .
the intention is that the housing will be self-funding once [first] capital costs have been met .

The Trust 's initial appeal to members raised £31,000 .
the trust 's [first] appeal to members raised £31,000 .

For initial lessons students go to a swimming pool in York .
for [first] lessons students go to a swimming pool in york .

You have to fly at least 12 hours before your initial flight test and on average people fly around 20 hours before getting their licence .
you have to fly at least 12 hours before your [first] flight test and on average people fly around 20 hours before getting their licence .

Some activities take place at the centre — initial canoe training is in the swimming pool and on the small lakes in the grounds .
some activities take place at the centre — [first] canoe training is in the swimming pool and on the small lakes in the grounds .

The initial sums were often quite modest as football clubs tend to grow gradually , first drawing crowds on a casual basis and then fencing in a field and charging admission ; from this point a wooden stand might be built and earth piled up into which steps could be cut .
the [first] sums were often quite modest as football clubs tend to grow gradually , first drawing crowds on a casual basis and then fencing in a field and charging admission ; from this point a wooden stand might be built and earth piled up into which steps could be cut .

And the Jordan team , despite the initial disappointment of losing Andrea de Cesaris when the Italian missed a gear and caused an engine failure during pre-qualifying , showed its capacity to be part of Formula 1 .
and the jordan team , despite the [first] disappointment of losing andrea de cesaris when the italian missed a gear and caused an engine failure during pre-qualifying , showed its capacity to be part of formula 1 .

An initial impression of firmness tends to disguise just how hard the suspension is working .
an [first] impression of firmness tends to disguise just how hard the suspension is working .

The movement from the initial grandly imperative wish for a creative act , reviving an older myth , to the final mundane narrative of the beginning of another , much less magnificent revival of potential creativity promised by ‘ sal volatile/ And a glass of brandy neat ’ is a movement away from a first situation ( that of Ariadne on Naxos ) which we never see in itself ; the painting conjured up and the other parallels to this first situation are interpretations not just of each other , but also of that first situation which , because a ‘ myth ’ and so subject to constant reinterpretation , may never have happened in any of the ways presented , if indeed it ever took place at all .
the movement from the [first] grandly imperative wish for a creative act , reviving an older myth , to the final mundane narrative of the beginning of another , much less magnificent revival of potential creativity promised by ‘ sal volatile/ and a glass of brandy neat ’ is a movement away from a first situation ( that of ariadne on naxos ) which we never see in itself ; the painting conjured up and the other parallels to this first situation are interpretations not just of each other , but also of that first situation which , because a ‘ myth ’ and so subject to constant reinterpretation , may never have happened in any of the ways presented , if indeed it ever took place at all .

This passage sheds much light on the method of ‘ Mr. Eliot 's Sunday Morning Service ’ where the self-mutilation of ‘ enervate Origen ’ is placed in the same lineage as the sexual origin of ‘ the Word ’ , and where the initial ‘ sapient sutlers of the Lord ’ who ‘ Drift across the window-panes ’ is a passage with an ambiguous , or better ambivalent , reference , since it holds together in one term both the ‘ sable presbyters ’ who bring offerings to church and ‘ the bees ’ who bring pollen from one part of the plant to another and so perform the ‘ Blest office of the epicene ’ .
this passage sheds much light on the method of ‘ mr. eliot 's sunday morning service ’ where the self-mutilation of ‘ enervate origen ’ is placed in the same lineage as the sexual origin of ‘ the word ’ , and where the [first] ‘ sapient sutlers of the lord ’ who ‘ drift across the window-panes ’ is a passage with an ambiguous , or better ambivalent , reference , since it holds together in one term both the ‘ sable presbyters ’ who bring offerings to church and ‘ the bees ’ who bring pollen from one part of the plant to another and so perform the ‘ blest office of the epicene ’ .

London and its churches became the initial battle in his campaign for a Christian society .
london and its churches became the [first] battle in his campaign for a christian society .

The second noteworthy feature is her initial caution in refusing to reshuffle spokesmen .
the second noteworthy feature is her [first] caution in refusing to reshuffle spokesmen .

at the initial percentage rate
at the [first] percentage rate

This is acutely ironic in the light of Kenneth Lewes 's recent argument to the effect that the psychoanalytic bias against male homosexuals derives from an initial gynaecophobic stance in psychoanalysis whereby ‘ the fear and denigration of women which hover at the perimeter of analytic discourse become displaced onto the theory of male homosexuality ’ .
this is acutely ironic in the light of kenneth lewes 's recent argument to the effect that the psychoanalytic bias against male homosexuals derives from an [first] gynaecophobic stance in psychoanalysis whereby ‘ the fear and denigration of women which hover at the perimeter of analytic discourse become displaced onto the theory of male homosexuality ’ .

None the less , the press still showed a moderately powerful influence on voting even when we controlled for voters ' initial partisanship and ideology ( Table 8.13 ) It had most effect upon those who were initially undecided or were Alliance identifiers .
none the less , the press still showed a moderately powerful influence on voting even when we controlled for voters ' [first] partisanship and ideology ( table 8.13 ) it had most effect upon those who were initially undecided or were alliance identifiers .

An initial Ir £20m is to be invested in the plant at Leixit in County Kildare , which in the first phase will produce computer systems .
an [first] ir £20m is to be invested in the plant at leixit in county kildare , which in the first phase will produce computer systems .

Caradon was bought from publishers Reed International for £61m in 1985 and came to the stock market in June 1987 with an initial market value of £134m .
caradon was bought from publishers reed international for £61m in 1985 and came to the stock market in june 1987 with an [first] market value of £134m .

Malcolm Edwards , British Coal 's commercial director , told an electricity conference in London that the corporation was prepared to enter supply deals lasting eight years — the same period set down for the bulk of initial contracts between privatised electricity generators and distribution companies .
malcolm edwards , british coal 's commercial director , told an electricity conference in london that the corporation was prepared to enter supply deals lasting eight years — the same period set down for the bulk of [first] contracts between privatised electricity generators and distribution companies .

The partners will each hold 31.1 per cent of the equity , and Chapmans will have an initial capital of around £2.5m .
the partners will each hold 31.1 per cent of the equity , and chapmans will have an [first] capital of around £2.5m .

City economists predicted that building societies could lift their mortgage rates as much as 1.5 per cent — to 15 per cent on average — although initial indications from the societies pointed to a rise of no more than 1.25 per cent .
city economists predicted that building societies could lift their mortgage rates as much as 1.5 per cent — to 15 per cent on average — although [first] indications from the societies pointed to a rise of no more than 1.25 per cent .

Tony Myler made the initial breakthrough , then Joe Grima 's surge was finished in the left corner by Paul Hulme .
tony myler made the [first] breakthrough , then joe grima 's surge was finished in the left corner by paul hulme .

Yet this area , which stretches from Hyde Park to Liverpool Street station and from the Angel , Islington , to the Thames , is the minimum practical initial pay zone .
yet this area , which stretches from hyde park to liverpool street station and from the angel , islington , to the thames , is the minimum practical [first] pay zone .

Highlander 's initial involvement with the Yellow Creek people followed a fairly typical pattern .
highlander 's [first] involvement with the yellow creek people followed a fairly typical pattern .

The initial formation of buckminsterfullerene is also throwing up some surprises .
the [first] formation of buckminsterfullerene is also throwing up some surprises .

Because of this range of facilities , Eastman Fine Chemicals can now offer a wide range of services from initial research samples through scale up , test market , to full national or international manufacture .
because of this range of facilities , eastman fine chemicals can now offer a wide range of services from [first] research samples through scale up , test market , to full national or international manufacture .

He next proceeded to Oxford where his initial reception was unenthusiastic but with great patience Linnaeus expounded his method of classification and nomenclature to Dillenius , first occupant of the Chair of Botany , founded by William Sherard at the University .
he next proceeded to oxford where his [first] reception was unenthusiastic but with great patience linnaeus expounded his method of classification and nomenclature to dillenius , first occupant of the chair of botany , founded by william sherard at the university .

Initial collection needed the greatest care and early in his correspondence with Bartram , Collinson expressed disappointment because plants of Cypripedium , ladies slipper , had not survived transport for want of proper attention at the outset .
[first] collection needed the greatest care and early in his correspondence with bartram , collinson expressed disappointment because plants of cypripedium , ladies slipper , had not survived transport for want of proper attention at the outset .

This had flowered and fruited and , although too late to be included in the Dictionary it might be brought into a later supplement because several new plants had been omitted once their initial letter had been passed in the main work .
this had flowered and fruited and , although too late to be included in the dictionary it might be brought into a later supplement because several new plants had been omitted once their [first] letter had been passed in the main work .

But during the three-year period of the initial scheme he also engaged eighteen part-time tutors , some of whom were also car-owners , who visited the more accessible centres such as Biggleswade and Ampthill .
but during the three-year period of the [first] scheme he also engaged eighteen part-time tutors , some of whom were also car-owners , who visited the more accessible centres such as biggleswade and ampthill .

The Marquess of Salisbury on that evening spoke on ‘ Village Schools : Government Policy ’ and confessed that his initial interest came from personal experience of one school .
the marquess of salisbury on that evening spoke on ‘ village schools : government policy ’ and confessed that his [first] interest came from personal experience of one school .

Diseconomies : more staff per head required ; heavy initial outlay on equipment disproportionate per capita ; no economies of scale possible .
diseconomies : more staff per head required ; heavy [first] outlay on equipment disproportionate per capita ; no economies of scale possible .

At the same time it should be pointed out that other initiatives along similar lines have not had the same degree of success , and that the question of initial input must be crucial .
at the same time it should be pointed out that other initiatives along similar lines have not had the same degree of success , and that the question of [first] input must be crucial .

In December that year , Nez Perce traded at Kootenae House for the first time , and by 1810 they had obtained sufficient firearms to join the Flathead in a party of 150 that drove back the Blackfoot , whose hostility had plagued initial efforts of traders to penetrate westward .
in december that year , nez perce traded at kootenae house for the first time , and by 1810 they had obtained sufficient firearms to join the flathead in a party of 150 that drove back the blackfoot , whose hostility had plagued [first] efforts of traders to penetrate westward .

In October 1889 , the British Government became determined not to allow any threat to the British strategical supremacy in South Africa , and that led to the outbreak of another Boer War , which included some humiliating defeats in the initial stages and the two great sieges at Ladysmith and Mafeking which were finally relieved in 1900 .
in october 1889 , the british government became determined not to allow any threat to the british strategical supremacy in south africa , and that led to the outbreak of another boer war , which included some humiliating defeats in the [first] stages and the two great sieges at ladysmith and mafeking which were finally relieved in 1900 .

An inn ; a number of Victorian houses and other properties at the western end of Chiswick High Road , enjoyed a view over open fields and orchards beside the Brentford Fruit and Vegetable Market until the initial work commenced on the construction of the first dual carriageway road , with a separate cyclists track , in the western suburbs .
an inn ; a number of victorian houses and other properties at the western end of chiswick high road , enjoyed a view over open fields and orchards beside the brentford fruit and vegetable market until the [first] work commenced on the construction of the first dual carriageway road , with a separate cyclists track , in the western suburbs .

In general wives were now thoroughly enjoying the experience after initial reservations but in two cases the wives were unhappy .
in general wives were now thoroughly enjoying the experience after [first] reservations but in two cases the wives were unhappy .

The initial guidance would normally come from the advisory service but helping to put those suggestions into practice should be the role of the training services .
the [first] guidance would normally come from the advisory service but helping to put those suggestions into practice should be the role of the training services .

Men who had formed associations to go hill-walking , cycling , even mountaineering , clutching pamphlets like Initial Efforts on the Boulder Face , or Coping with Crevices , and spent long days toiling up braes and free-wheeling down glens , now had a wage to earn .
men who had formed associations to go hill-walking , cycling , even mountaineering , clutching pamphlets like [first] efforts on the boulder face , or coping with crevices , and spent long days toiling up braes and free-wheeling down glens , now had a wage to earn .

Cameron Nielson Jr stepped out on the stage just as the initial applause was dying , and climbed the dais with leisurely ease , settling down behind the theremin stand .
cameron nielson jr stepped out on the stage just as the [first] applause was dying , and climbed the dais with leisurely ease , settling down behind the theremin stand .

In this study relatives and friends generally thought conditions in the home were ‘ good ’ rather than ‘ not so good ’ , although a number of their comments and descriptions indicate that circumstances were sometimes far from ideal and analysis of respondents ' views of the quality of life suggest that the initial period after admission may be particularly stressful for residents .
in this study relatives and friends generally thought conditions in the home were ‘ good ’ rather than ‘ not so good ’ , although a number of their comments and descriptions indicate that circumstances were sometimes far from ideal and analysis of respondents ' views of the quality of life suggest that the [first] period after admission may be particularly stressful for residents .

In hospital it is possible to replace initial intravenous therapy with ciprofloxacin by the oral route within a very short time , which can make cost savings since patients do not have to be hospitalised for treatment .
in hospital it is possible to replace [first] intravenous therapy with ciprofloxacin by the oral route within a very short time , which can make cost savings since patients do not have to be hospitalised for treatment .

Initial nominations and appointments are listed below and members are invited to make further nominations to fill vacancies where indicated .
[first] nominations and appointments are listed below and members are invited to make further nominations to fill vacancies where indicated .

The initial ( naïve ) enthusiasm of the researcher with a new line of enquiry is greeted with a seeming conspiracy of silence .
the [first] ( naïve ) enthusiasm of the researcher with a new line of enquiry is greeted with a seeming conspiracy of silence .

The initial interest of the Social Work Research Centre was in the desirability and feasibility of comparing the effectiveness of generic and specialist modes of organization .
the [first] interest of the social work research centre was in the desirability and feasibility of comparing the effectiveness of generic and specialist modes of organization .

In seeking to contribute to this research agenda we need to address a number of issues which emerge both from this earlier literature and from some initial observation in a number of social work teams organized in differing ways . How , for example , is an organizational type to be defined and how many are to be selected ? Is the area team to be the focus or is organization at secondary level to be addressed ? Are we to concur with Stevenson 's conclusion ( 1981 ) that ‘ it is hard to see how we can escape in general in organization of service from the broad client groupings , now so deeply entrenched in social service provision and in the linkages which are required with other professions ’ ( p. 100 ) , and if so how are we to select client group(s) ? From whose perspective are we interested in the problem ? Our primary concern above dictates the inclusion of certain client outcome measures across the organizational types , but are we interested also in outcomes as perceived by the client , the worker , by management or by other agencies ? More specifically , what should be the specific outcome measures that are selected and to what extent should they represent ‘ final ’ outcomes or more intermediate measures that may signify process ?
in seeking to contribute to this research agenda we need to address a number of issues which emerge both from this earlier literature and from some [first] observation in a number of social work teams organized in differing ways . how , for example , is an organizational type to be defined and how many are to be selected ? is the area team to be the focus or is organization at secondary level to be addressed ? are we to concur with stevenson 's conclusion ( 1981 ) that ‘ it is hard to see how we can escape in general in organization of service from the broad client groupings , now so deeply entrenched in social service provision and in the linkages which are required with other professions ’ ( p. 100 ) , and if so how are we to select client group(s) ? from whose perspective are we interested in the problem ? our primary concern above dictates the inclusion of certain client outcome measures across the organizational types , but are we interested also in outcomes as perceived by the client , the worker , by management or by other agencies ? more specifically , what should be the specific outcome measures that are selected and to what extent should they represent ‘ final ’ outcomes or more intermediate measures that may signify process ?

Data collected from files yielded a set of variables for three of the four teams on referrals , initial response ( allocation and assessment ) , services provided , and subsequent developments .
data collected from files yielded a set of variables for three of the four teams on referrals , [first] response ( allocation and assessment ) , services provided , and subsequent developments .

Its initial response is relatively prompt .
its [first] response is relatively prompt .

Elderly people were chosen for initial study as being both a self-contained group and of medium to low priority .
elderly people were chosen for [first] study as being both a self-contained group and of medium to low priority .

The teams were also given an initial recurrent budget of £40,000 ( 1982 prices ) from which to pump prime small initiatives .
the teams were also given an [first] recurrent budget of £40,000 ( 1982 prices ) from which to pump prime small initiatives .

The initial survey of all people with learning difficulties in the County in 1982–3 had revealed many social and leisure needs , not least a need to maintain and extend the provision of playschemes in the summer holidays .
the [first] survey of all people with learning difficulties in the county in 1982–3 had revealed many social and leisure needs , not least a need to maintain and extend the provision of playschemes in the summer holidays .

At the end of the initial assessment interview , Enid was given a copy of Beck and Greenberg 's ( 1974 ) ‘ Coping with Depression ’ article which provides a summary of the rationale for cognitive therapy and an outline of the counselling programme .
at the end of the [first] assessment interview , enid was given a copy of beck and greenberg 's ( 1974 ) ‘ coping with depression ’ article which provides a summary of the rationale for cognitive therapy and an outline of the counselling programme .

In the Individual mode clients received 12 weekly 45 minute sessions , while those treated in small groups ( 4–8 persons ) attended 12 weekly 90 minute group sessions which ran alongside an initial three individual sessions each .
in the individual mode clients received 12 weekly 45 minute sessions , while those treated in small groups ( 4–8 persons ) attended 12 weekly 90 minute group sessions which ran alongside an [first] three individual sessions each .

The team member on duty who had completed the initial referral form was also responsible for completing the pre-coded questionnaire .
the team member on duty who had completed the [first] referral form was also responsible for completing the pre-coded questionnaire .

How far the referral information received ( and categorized on the initial referral form ) was substantiated on investigation or at the outcome to the referral .
how far the referral information received ( and categorized on the [first] referral form ) was substantiated on investigation or at the outcome to the referral .

As regards the nature of the referrals dealt with , Table 2 offers a breakdown of the information received at the point of referral and recorded on the Society 's initial referral form .
as regards the nature of the referrals dealt with , table 2 offers a breakdown of the information received at the point of referral and recorded on the society 's [first] referral form .

The New Zealand ‘ open ’ adoption approach has not used research to follow up the parties involved beyond the initial years following placement , and the children involved in the arrangement are yet to be interviewed .
the new zealand ‘ open ’ adoption approach has not used research to follow up the parties involved beyond the [first] years following placement , and the children involved in the arrangement are yet to be interviewed .

The New Zealand study suggests that birth mothers are happier with the idea of initial introductions than adoptive parents and that fewer adoptive parents welcome the idea of continued visits compared to birth mothers .
the new zealand study suggests that birth mothers are happier with the idea of [first] introductions than adoptive parents and that fewer adoptive parents welcome the idea of continued visits compared to birth mothers .

The initial impetus came from the Managing Director of one of the largest of the Harris Tweed manufacturers — the son of a crofter and himself a fisherman in his early days The Association was , however , given its distinctive shape and its constitution by the first chairman , Rev. Ian Carmichael , a Gaelic-speaker from Lismore who was a minister in Stornoway at the time , and who had had considerable experience of welfare work in industry , and had been for some years vice convener of one of the largest local authorities in Scotland .
the [first] impetus came from the managing director of one of the largest of the harris tweed manufacturers — the son of a crofter and himself a fisherman in his early days the association was , however , given its distinctive shape and its constitution by the first chairman , rev. ian carmichael , a gaelic-speaker from lismore who was a minister in stornoway at the time , and who had had considerable experience of welfare work in industry , and had been for some years vice convener of one of the largest local authorities in scotland .

After only five days in the complex and , to almost all of us , unfamiliar environment of Lewis and Harris , our views can not be anything more than initial impressions .
after only five days in the complex and , to almost all of us , unfamiliar environment of lewis and harris , our views can not be anything more than [first] impressions .

Although such improvement has been vigorously promoted by the North of Scotland College of Agriculture ( which is responsible for agricultural extension and training in the area ) , the response has , after some initial enthusiasm , been extremely disappointing .
although such improvement has been vigorously promoted by the north of scotland college of agriculture ( which is responsible for agricultural extension and training in the area ) , the response has , after some [first] enthusiasm , been extremely disappointing .

Out of an initial tax revenue of 442 billion dinars in 1985 , the republics and provinces transferred 251 billion dinars to the federal government , but received back grants to the value of 60 billion dinars .
out of an [first] tax revenue of 442 billion dinars in 1985 , the republics and provinces transferred 251 billion dinars to the federal government , but received back grants to the value of 60 billion dinars .

It was not surprising that the initial source of inspiration was the breakdown of his first serious relationship , a subject to which he would later return with regularity .
it was not surprising that the [first] source of inspiration was the breakdown of his first serious relationship , a subject to which he would later return with regularity .

The best psychologists focus their initial studies on the subject 's childhood .
the best psychologists focus their [first] studies on the subject 's childhood .

If a narrative can be said to progress from one equilibrium to another , with the initial stability disrupted by a particular event or force , then ‘ race ’ is frequently the power which produces disequilibrium in racial problem films of this period .
if a narrative can be said to progress from one equilibrium to another , with the [first] stability disrupted by a particular event or force , then ‘ race ’ is frequently the power which produces disequilibrium in racial problem films of this period .

But this time Hardy went straight on to the attack , putting Holmes on the canvas with a right over the top for an initial count of seven .
but this time hardy went straight on to the attack , putting holmes on the canvas with a right over the top for an [first] count of seven .

The steering group proposed ‘ a biennial cycle ’ , involving an initial appraiser/appraisee meeting , self-appraisal , collection of data , target setting , follow-up discussions and a formal review meeting .
the steering group proposed ‘ a biennial cycle ’ , involving an [first] appraiser/appraisee meeting , self-appraisal , collection of data , target setting , follow-up discussions and a formal review meeting .

Despite the gloomy initial traffic forecasts , Alastair Morton , the British co-chairman of Eurotunnel , rejected suggestions that fares would be forced up , saying they would be competitive with ferry and air fares .
despite the gloomy [first] traffic forecasts , alastair morton , the british co-chairman of eurotunnel , rejected suggestions that fares would be forced up , saying they would be competitive with ferry and air fares .

Charitable observers put the Kiwis ' opening defeat at St Helens last week down to nerves or initial rustiness .
charitable observers put the kiwis ' opening defeat at st helens last week down to nerves or [first] rustiness .

Honda 's version of the 200 — to be known as the Concerto — will be built under contract at Longbridge in Birmingham by Rover at an initial rate of 40,000 a year .
honda 's version of the 200 — to be known as the concerto — will be built under contract at longbridge in birmingham by rover at an [first] rate of 40,000 a year .

One result of this is that much will turn on the court 's initial characterization of the incident , using the ‘ right-minded person ’ test .
one result of this is that much will turn on the court 's [first] characterization of the incident , using the ‘ right-minded person ’ test .

When they reach the place of sacrifice , the details of the final preparations are given in the same matter-of-fact way that the initial ones were .
when they reach the place of sacrifice , the details of the final preparations are given in the same matter-of-fact way that the [first] ones were .

For the first time in the contest since the initial attack , Jacob 's adversary seizes the initiative .
for the first time in the contest since the [first] attack , jacob 's adversary seizes the initiative .

Embedded in his initial instructions to Joshua concerning the actions the people are to take on the seventh day we find the clause , ‘ … when they make a long blast with the ram 's horn ’ .
embedded in his [first] instructions to joshua concerning the actions the people are to take on the seventh day we find the clause , ‘ … when they make a long blast with the ram 's horn ’ .

Though most merchants say it is too early to come up with a firm idea of the trade , the initial reports on quality suggest some low nitrogens and good bushel weights , at least for the Puffin that seems to predominate at the moment .
though most merchants say it is too early to come up with a firm idea of the trade , the [first] reports on quality suggest some low nitrogens and good bushel weights , at least for the puffin that seems to predominate at the moment .

Initial reports on Pipkin are less promising , though .
[first] reports on pipkin are less promising , though .

On the other hand , all Same and Lamborghini engines undergo an initial running-in process in the factory at Treviglio , so that may not happen .
on the other hand , all same and lamborghini engines undergo an [first] running-in process in the factory at treviglio , so that may not happen .

It may have to do with initial body roll , which ( despite anti-roll bars ) is still significant .
it may have to do with [first] body roll , which ( despite anti-roll bars ) is still significant .

‘ If it 's a biggish farm with a lot of slurry , the initial capital cost is , of course , much higher .
‘ if it 's a biggish farm with a lot of slurry , the [first] capital cost is , of course , much higher .

It looked as if we had won this initial bout but men like Swire Sugden do n't give up that easily .
it looked as if we had won this [first] bout but men like swire sugden do n't give up that easily .

Giving them and other first-time buyers a higher rate of tax relief for an initial period will help to ease the financial pressures of the early days of home ownership .
giving them and other first-time buyers a higher rate of tax relief for an [first] period will help to ease the financial pressures of the early days of home ownership .

After an initial successful assault on wages by employers in the early 1920s , the trade unions revealed remarkable resilience in staving off wage reductions after the General Strike , as has already been suggested .
after an [first] successful assault on wages by employers in the early 1920s , the trade unions revealed remarkable resilience in staving off wage reductions after the general strike , as has already been suggested .

It 's the sportswear that was the initial rap explosion of the late Seventies .
it 's the sportswear that was the [first] rap explosion of the late seventies .

‘ My initial ambition was to do Broadway productions , to dance , act and sing .
‘ my [first] ambition was to do broadway productions , to dance , act and sing .

It seems that the initial spark for any character is always something accidentally generated ; a pub routine , a bus stop lark , an improvised evasion .
it seems that the [first] spark for any character is always something accidentally generated ; a pub routine , a bus stop lark , an improvised evasion .

Churchyards were lacking ; in some cities the poor were soon shovelled underground in common graves , dug to an initial depth of 30ft and then filled with rough coffins to within 2ft of the surface .
churchyards were lacking ; in some cities the poor were soon shovelled underground in common graves , dug to an [first] depth of 30ft and then filled with rough coffins to within 2ft of the surface .

Indeed , it was the initial attempt to date these which led to the discovery of anomalous fading .
indeed , it was the [first] attempt to date these which led to the discovery of anomalous fading .

Meanwhile , both Franca and Alison had , after initial suspicion , adopted Irina , at least as far as amusing themselves by helping her to spend money on having her hair done and buying clothes .
meanwhile , both franca and alison had , after [first] suspicion , adopted irina , at least as far as amusing themselves by helping her to spend money on having her hair done and buying clothes .

Surface wetting : Contrary to expectations water is not very wet so the initial purpose of a detergent is to improve the wetting power of water .
surface wetting : contrary to expectations water is not very wet so the [first] purpose of a detergent is to improve the wetting power of water .

At the initial sessions , a registry sheet is made out and photos and videos are made .
at the [first] sessions , a registry sheet is made out and photos and videos are made .

The images on show reflect the initial choice of photographers themselves , rather that of the awards judges at the final stages ( 11–21 Feb ) .
the images on show reflect the [first] choice of photographers themselves , rather that of the awards judges at the final stages ( 11–21 feb ) .

This initial impetus is soon deflected into side-purposes , into the desire to explore the extent of the tycoon 's estate and — even more thrilling to Oedipa — to confirm the existence of a secret society from the seventeenth century to the present .
this [first] impetus is soon deflected into side-purposes , into the desire to explore the extent of the tycoon 's estate and — even more thrilling to oedipa — to confirm the existence of a secret society from the seventeenth century to the present .

Although Burn showed both originality and ingenuity in his initial designs for the Edinburgh Academy , giving a two-storey building a single-storey façade and an unfluted portico to save on façading costs , others made the Greek revival their own : Thomas Hamilton who developed the basic arrangement of the final design of Burn 's Academy into the Royal High School , and William Henry Playfair , Burn 's contemporary at Smirke 's , whose work showed awareness of the latest developments in Germany .
although burn showed both originality and ingenuity in his [first] designs for the edinburgh academy , giving a two-storey building a single-storey façade and an unfluted portico to save on façading costs , others made the greek revival their own : thomas hamilton who developed the basic arrangement of the final design of burn 's academy into the royal high school , and william henry playfair , burn 's contemporary at smirke 's , whose work showed awareness of the latest developments in germany .

Certainly one 's initial impression is of a building with a haphazard history , in which functions and spaces have been added and transformed , with little attempt to hide what went before .
certainly one 's [first] impression is of a building with a haphazard history , in which functions and spaces have been added and transformed , with little attempt to hide what went before .

In addition to initial cost savings , sawn roofing slate has other advantages over its traditional riven counterpart .
in addition to [first] cost savings , sawn roofing slate has other advantages over its traditional riven counterpart .

Proposals to improve the quality of life coincided with the tenure of the National Unity Government under the initial premiership of Shimon Peres , widely regarded outside the territories as the most promising Israeli proponent of a peace settlement .
proposals to improve the quality of life coincided with the tenure of the national unity government under the [first] premiership of shimon peres , widely regarded outside the territories as the most promising israeli proponent of a peace settlement .

Unfortunately , his initial contributions to the biker craze were insignificant and forgettable .
unfortunately , his [first] contributions to the biker craze were insignificant and forgettable .

Direct tests of this suggestion have been conducted in experiments by Westbrook , Bond , and Feyer ( 1981 ) , by Bond and Westbrook ( 1982 ) , and by Westbrook , Provost , and Homewood ( 1982 ) , in which the duration of the initial pre-exposure trial was varied .
direct tests of this suggestion have been conducted in experiments by westbrook , bond , and feyer ( 1981 ) , by bond and westbrook ( 1982 ) , and by westbrook , provost , and homewood ( 1982 ) , in which the duration of the [first] pre-exposure trial was varied .

All three studies confirmed the Best and Gemberling ( 1977 ) effect when the exposure duration was brief but also found that more prolonged initial exposure generated latent inhibition both when the exposure-conditioning interval was short ( 3–4 h ) and when it was long ( 24 h or more ) .
all three studies confirmed the best and gemberling ( 1977 ) effect when the exposure duration was brief but also found that more prolonged [first] exposure generated latent inhibition both when the exposure-conditioning interval was short ( 3–4 h ) and when it was long ( 24 h or more ) .

We can just as readily conclude that there is just one type of latent inhibition ; that the change induced by exposure to the stimulus always tends to dissipate during the exposure — test interval ; and that the size of the interval required for such a loss of latent inhibition to become apparent grows longer as the strength of the effect induced by the initial exposure phase is increased .
we can just as readily conclude that there is just one type of latent inhibition ; that the change induced by exposure to the stimulus always tends to dissipate during the exposure — test interval ; and that the size of the interval required for such a loss of latent inhibition to become apparent grows longer as the strength of the effect induced by the [first] exposure phase is increased .

An implication of the last point is that even when the initial exposure to the stimulus has been prolonged or has involved repeated presentations , it should be possible to detect some loss of the latent inhibition effect over time , provided the interval before the start of conditioning is long enough .
an implication of the last point is that even when the [first] exposure to the stimulus has been prolonged or has involved repeated presentations , it should be possible to detect some loss of the latent inhibition effect over time , provided the interval before the start of conditioning is long enough .

Students of human memory have long recognized that performance on a retrieval task tends to be superior when the test context is similar to that experienced during initial training .
students of human memory have long recognized that performance on a retrieval task tends to be superior when the test context is similar to that experienced during [first] training .

But what we need to demonstrate is that the context can acquire modulatory properties even in the absence of explicit training — we are seeking to explain the context-specificity shown by latent inhibition and this is evident without any form of initial discrimination training .
but what we need to demonstrate is that the context can acquire modulatory properties even in the absence of explicit training — we are seeking to explain the context-specificity shown by latent inhibition and this is evident without any form of [first] discrimination training .

Rats received initial training in which presentations of an auditory cue in one context were associated with food , as were presentations of a visual cue in different context .
rats received [first] training in which presentations of an auditory cue in one context were associated with food , as were presentations of a visual cue in different context .

What follows from this account is that the effect produced by a change of context in the conditioned suppression paradigm will vary according to the amount of initial conditioning .
what follows from this account is that the effect produced by a change of context in the conditioned suppression paradigm will vary according to the amount of [first] conditioning .

Attempts to demonstrate acquired distinctiveness have , therefore , usually made use of a two-stage procedure in which the effects of an initial stage of discrimination training are assessed in some form of transfer test , often one that requires the learning of a further discrimination .
attempts to demonstrate acquired distinctiveness have , therefore , usually made use of a two-stage procedure in which the effects of an [first] stage of discrimination training are assessed in some form of transfer test , often one that requires the learning of a further discrimination .

If the stimuli used in initial training have acquired distinctiveness , then this might be revealed in positive transfer to a second task involving these same stimuli .
if the stimuli used in [first] training have acquired distinctiveness , then this might be revealed in positive transfer to a second task involving these same stimuli .

An initial phase of discrimination training will establish a tendency to make certain ( different ) responses to the critical stimuli , but the change in the nature of the task for the second phase should mean that the specific response patterns acquired in the first phase will be irrelevant .
an [first] phase of discrimination training will establish a tendency to make certain ( different ) responses to the critical stimuli , but the change in the nature of the task for the second phase should mean that the specific response patterns acquired in the first phase will be irrelevant .

5.1 could arise simply because the initial training produces general facilitatory effects ( by allowing the subject to become accustomed to the situation , and so on ) .
5.1 could arise simply because the [first] training produces general facilitatory effects ( by allowing the subject to become accustomed to the situation , and so on ) .

Some experimenters , therefore , have made the comparison with a control group given initial training in applying labels but to stimuli different from those used in the motor task .
some experimenters , therefore , have made the comparison with a control group given [first] training in applying labels but to stimuli different from those used in the motor task .

We have already seen that subjects given no pre-training do less well in the test phase than those given initial discrimination training and we have acknowledged that unambiguous interpretation of this difference is impossible .
we have already seen that subjects given no pre-training do less well in the test phase than those given [first] discrimination training and we have acknowledged that unambiguous interpretation of this difference is impossible .

Initial training in applying labels to these stimuli did not influence test performance , and this prompted Robinson ( 1955 ) to suggest that pre-training might be ineffective when the test task is ‘ perceptual , rather than ‘ motor ’ .
[first] training in applying labels to these stimuli did not influence test performance , and this prompted robinson ( 1955 ) to suggest that pre-training might be ineffective when the test task is ‘ perceptual , rather than ‘ motor ’ .

Positive transfer was , however , observed by Mackintosh and Holgate and by Siegel , the comparison being made in each case with control subjects that received initial training on a discrimination between stimuli other than those that were relevant in the transfer task but with the latter stimuli being present but irrelevant .
positive transfer was , however , observed by mackintosh and holgate and by siegel , the comparison being made in each case with control subjects that received [first] training on a discrimination between stimuli other than those that were relevant in the transfer task but with the latter stimuli being present but irrelevant .

Honey and Hall ( 1989 c ) investigated the influence of an initial phase of discrimination training on such a generalization test , using rats as the subjects and a version of the between-subjects design shown in Table 5.1 .
honey and hall ( 1989 c ) investigated the influence of an [first] phase of discrimination training on such a generalization test , using rats as the subjects and a version of the between-subjects design shown in table 5.1 .

Two groups of rats received initial training in which presentations of each of three auditory stimuli occurred .
two groups of rats received [first] training in which presentations of each of three auditory stimuli occurred .

All the experiments discussed so far have made use of a two-stage procedure — an initial phase of discrimination training intended to render the cues distinctive , followed by a test in which the nature of the task is changed but which still requires discrimination between these same cues .
all the experiments discussed so far have made use of a two-stage procedure — an [first] phase of discrimination training intended to render the cues distinctive , followed by a test in which the nature of the task is changed but which still requires discrimination between these same cues .

In initial discrimination training a tone signals the occurrence of another event ( the onset of a light for 5 s ) , whereas no event follows presentations of a clicker .
in [first] discrimination training a tone signals the occurrence of another event ( the onset of a light for 5 s ) , whereas no event follows presentations of a clicker .

And although Gibson 's initial concern was with verbal learning , subsequent experimental investigations of ‘ stimulus pre-differentiation ’ , as it came to be called , were conducted in a range of transfer paradigms .
and although gibson 's [first] concern was with verbal learning , subsequent experimental investigations of ‘ stimulus pre-differentiation ’ , as it came to be called , were conducted in a range of transfer paradigms .

The interpretation put forward here is not fundamentally different from that offered by Jaynes when he suggested that a tendency to emit ( a fractional version of ) the response acquired in the first stage would serve as a mediating process in the second , and that the salience of the mediator would depend on the magnitude of the initial response of which it was a fraction .
the interpretation put forward here is not fundamentally different from that offered by jaynes when he suggested that a tendency to emit ( a fractional version of ) the response acquired in the first stage would serve as a mediating process in the second , and that the salience of the mediator would depend on the magnitude of the [first] response of which it was a fraction .

Carlson 's third group of subjects received initial Pavlovian training in which the auditory cues were correlated with reinforcer type , but the relationship between cue and reinforcer was the reverse of that in effect during the test stage .
carlson 's third group of subjects received [first] pavlovian training in which the auditory cues were correlated with reinforcer type , but the relationship between cue and reinforcer was the reverse of that in effect during the test stage .

According to this theory , initial discrimination training should produce differentiation of the stimuli and the fact that the associations formed during this stage of training do not accord with those likely to be formed during the test phase should be of no consequence .
according to this theory , [first] discrimination training should produce differentiation of the stimuli and the fact that the associations formed during this stage of training do not accord with those likely to be formed during the test phase should be of no consequence .

5 How would you see the formalization of our having a hand in preparing the initial print material ( colleagues have not expressed undiluted admiration for that which accompanies the 3000 ) and for producing sound pedagogic printed backup material for selling in addition to the hand held device .
5 how would you see the formalization of our having a hand in preparing the [first] print material ( colleagues have not expressed undiluted admiration for that which accompanies the 3000 ) and for producing sound pedagogic printed backup material for selling in addition to the hand held device .

Paul Shipton is doing the initial writing , and his manuscript will be looked over by Tom Hutchinson before being finalized .
paul shipton is doing the [first] writing , and his manuscript will be looked over by tom hutchinson before being finalized .

The announcement on the morning of 22 November of Mrs Thatcher 's decision to resign came as a dramatic surprise to the public because , up to that point , all the outward signs had been that she intended to stick to her initial resolve to contest the second ballot .
the announcement on the morning of 22 november of mrs thatcher 's decision to resign came as a dramatic surprise to the public because , up to that point , all the outward signs had been that she intended to stick to her [first] resolve to contest the second ballot .

Certainly , initial reports that a small number threatened to resign in the event of Mrs Thatcher continuing have been denied by those involved .
certainly , [first] reports that a small number threatened to resign in the event of mrs thatcher continuing have been denied by those involved .

This is not the place to rehearse old ground about the politics of the poll tax , but it is important to note that , as implemented , the tax straightaway compromised some of its initial stated objectives .
this is not the place to rehearse old ground about the politics of the poll tax , but it is important to note that , as implemented , the tax straightaway compromised some of its [first] stated objectives .

Initial public reactions during the televising experiment had , however , a significant affect on MPs .
[first] public reactions during the televising experiment had , however , a significant affect on mps .

Swindon Town 's Second Division play-off hopes were given an initial lift by Gibson 's first goal for the club at Millwall .
swindon town 's second division play-off hopes were given an [first] lift by gibson 's first goal for the club at millwall .

Sixty fishermen turned out for the competition on Rutland Water , which had opened for the new season only four days earlier , after an initial stocking with 40,000 trout .
sixty fishermen turned out for the competition on rutland water , which had opened for the new season only four days earlier , after an [first] stocking with 40,000 trout .

Miss Lynda La Plante , author of Prime Suspect , said she wanted another vote to be held if it emerged the initial ballot was unfair .
miss lynda la plante , author of prime suspect , said she wanted another vote to be held if it emerged the [first] ballot was unfair .

But the pot of gold simply does not exist as he has already discovered in trying to pay for Labour 's initial promises .
but the pot of gold simply does not exist as he has already discovered in trying to pay for labour 's [first] promises .

Though frequently finding some initial reason to put you , the customer , down , restaurant-car stewards then generally look after you well , and enjoying good food at speed remains one of the joys of railway travel .
though frequently finding some [first] reason to put you , the customer , down , restaurant-car stewards then generally look after you well , and enjoying good food at speed remains one of the joys of railway travel .

The initial order for sixty Class 319 units was soon increased to eighty-six .
the [first] order for sixty class 319 units was soon increased to eighty-six .

As a result the design was modified to include much greater fire resistance , adding £50,000 per car to the basic cost of £200,000 of the initial design .
as a result the design was modified to include much greater fire resistance , adding £50,000 per car to the basic cost of £200,000 of the [first] design .

The October letter to Katkov envisages this world beyond The Possessed 's initial scope in forthright great-sinner terms .
the october letter to katkov envisages this world beyond the possessed 's [first] scope in forthright great-sinner terms .

Once each of us has progressed beyond the initial terror that being on a vertical plane high above the ground induces , once we feel comfortable above the ground , then a new awareness develops .
once each of us has progressed beyond the [first] terror that being on a vertical plane high above the ground induces , once we feel comfortable above the ground , then a new awareness develops .

This makes the transitions less well defined and subject to jitter in rather the same way as a multivibrator will jitter if the initial approach to transistor turn-on is not rapid .
this makes the transitions less well defined and subject to jitter in rather the same way as a multivibrator will jitter if the [first] approach to transistor turn-on is not rapid .

Initial Graphics Exchange Specification ( Iges ) : this appeared in 1980 .
[first] graphics exchange specification ( iges ) : this appeared in 1980 .

In practice , initial drafts of rules will be the subject of ongoing discussions between all four parties .
in practice , [first] drafts of rules will be the subject of ongoing discussions between all four parties .

‘ My initial inquiries suggest that a figure of significantly less than 10 per cent is a real possibility , ’ Mr Pulman said .
‘ my [first] inquiries suggest that a figure of significantly less than 10 per cent is a real possibility , ’ mr pulman said .

Initial government money would be needed to get the scheme off the ground .
[first] government money would be needed to get the scheme off the ground .

‘ Might there not be a case for putting the initial interview in the hands of an educational psychologist skilled in eliciting a history without being committed to what the social workers revealingly call ‘ disclosure ’ ? '
‘ might there not be a case for putting the [first] interview in the hands of an educational psychologist skilled in eliciting a history without being committed to what the social workers revealingly call ‘ disclosure ’ ? '

Once initial interviews with children had been videotaped , the prosecution should have the right to apply for a pre-trial hearing before the judge , in informal surroundings , at which the child could be examined and cross-examined .
once [first] interviews with children had been videotaped , the prosecution should have the right to apply for a pre-trial hearing before the judge , in informal surroundings , at which the child could be examined and cross-examined .

The Pope 's initial enthusiasm for its stridency has waned , as has his toleration for the way Rome is governed beyond the Vatican walls .
the pope 's [first] enthusiasm for its stridency has waned , as has his toleration for the way rome is governed beyond the vatican walls .

While telecottages should become self-financing once established , they do need initial subsidy .
while telecottages should become self-financing once established , they do need [first] subsidy .

He had done his initial research on jane Austen , but since then had turned his attention to topics as varied as medieval sermons , Elizabethan sonnet sequences , Restoration heroic tragedy , eighteenth-century broadsides , the novels of William Godwin , the poetry of Elizabeth Barrett Browning and premonitions of the Theatre of the Absurd in the plays of George Bernard Shaw .
he had done his [first] research on jane austen , but since then had turned his attention to topics as varied as medieval sermons , elizabethan sonnet sequences , restoration heroic tragedy , eighteenth-century broadsides , the novels of william godwin , the poetry of elizabeth barrett browning and premonitions of the theatre of the absurd in the plays of george bernard shaw .

But as Napoleon 's initial conquests and later defeats made European countries aware of their own traditional arts , so choreographers , like .
but as napoleon 's [first] conquests and later defeats made european countries aware of their own traditional arts , so choreographers , like .

Coverage for an initial eight-month experiment starts next month alongside the introduction of cameras to Parliament .
coverage for an [first] eight-month experiment starts next month alongside the introduction of cameras to parliament .

Kendall , aged 43 , was City 's initial choice after Mel Machin had been sacked , but discussions broke down when the former Everton and Athletic Bilbao manager insisted on a release clause in his contract should he be approached by England .
kendall , aged 43 , was city 's [first] choice after mel machin had been sacked , but discussions broke down when the former everton and athletic bilbao manager insisted on a release clause in his contract should he be approached by england .

Kendall , aged 43 , was City 's initial choice after Mel Machin had been sacked , but discussions broke down when the former Everton and Athletic Bilbao manager insisted on a release clause in his contract should he be approached by England .
kendall , aged 43 , was city 's [first] choice after mel machin had been sacked , but discussions broke down when the former everton and athletic bilbao manager insisted on a release clause in his contract should he be approached by england .

The initial Government proposal for a single accreditation system for advocates was the correct approach .
the [first] government proposal for a single accreditation system for advocates was the correct approach .

The scientists ' work confirmed their initial suspicions : that the undoubted improvement in parachuting ability was a fortuitous result of the development of the fringes for these other purposes .
the scientists ' work confirmed their [first] suspicions : that the undoubted improvement in parachuting ability was a fortuitous result of the development of the fringes for these other purposes .

It was denied that force had been used in the initial operation .
it was denied that force had been used in the [first] operation .

However to attract parents and others to invest on behalf of the child the initial investment is £50 , with additional payments of £25 or a monthly savings plan of £10 .
however to attract parents and others to invest on behalf of the child the [first] investment is £50 , with additional payments of £25 or a monthly savings plan of £10 .

The charges of a 5 per cent initial fee , 1.25 per cent annual , are standard .
the charges of a 5 per cent [first] fee , 1.25 per cent annual , are standard .

What parents can do is buy in both their names with an account designation of up to three letters which would be the child 's initial .
what parents can do is buy in both their names with an account designation of up to three letters which would be the child 's [first] .

In Hong Kong , expectations of violence in the camps did not materialise but aid workers believed the initial passivity would probably not last .
in hong kong , expectations of violence in the camps did not materialise but aid workers believed the [first] passivity would probably not last .

However to attract parents and others to invest on behalf of the child the initial investment is £50 , with additional payments of £25 or a monthly savings plan of £10 .
however to attract parents and others to invest on behalf of the child the [first] investment is £50 , with additional payments of £25 or a monthly savings plan of £10 .

The charges of a 5 per cent initial fee , 1.25 per cent annual , are standard .
the charges of a 5 per cent [first] fee , 1.25 per cent annual , are standard .

What parents can do is buy in both their names with an account designation of up to three letters which would be the child 's initial .
what parents can do is buy in both their names with an account designation of up to three letters which would be the child 's [first] .

However to attract parents and others to invest on behalf of the child the initial investment is £50 , with additional payments of £25 or a monthly savings plan of £10 .
however to attract parents and others to invest on behalf of the child the [first] investment is £50 , with additional payments of £25 or a monthly savings plan of £10 .

The charges of a 5 per cent initial fee , 1.25 per cent annual , are standard .
the charges of a 5 per cent [first] fee , 1.25 per cent annual , are standard .

What parents can do is buy in both their names with an account designation of up to three letters which would be the child 's initial .
what parents can do is buy in both their names with an account designation of up to three letters which would be the child 's [first] .

Midland is linking up with an affiliate of the World Bank , International Finance Corporation , Banco Rio de la Plata — Argentina 's largest bank — and the Bank of Tokyo , to set up an initial $500million fund which would swap existing debt for stakes in newly privatised operations .
midland is linking up with an affiliate of the world bank , international finance corporation , banco rio de la plata — argentina 's largest bank — and the bank of tokyo , to set up an [first] $500million fund which would swap existing debt for stakes in newly privatised operations .

Nigel Hawkins of Hoare Govett estimates initial dealings will see prices at between only 110p to 125p , while Robert Giles of Laing & Cruickshank believes the opening price could level around 105p to 110p .
nigel hawkins of hoare govett estimates [first] dealings will see prices at between only 110p to 125p , while robert giles of laing & cruickshank believes the opening price could level around 105p to 110p .

Not only will this be considered in the initial bids for franchises , but there will be statutory duties to show both educational and regional programmes .
not only will this be considered in the [first] bids for franchises , but there will be statutory duties to show both educational and regional programmes .

As well as facing overt pressure from the Bar and prominent judges , Lord Mackay was opposed in the initial stages by leading Tory backbenchers , and the Attorney-General , Sir Patrick Mayhew .
as well as facing overt pressure from the bar and prominent judges , lord mackay was opposed in the [first] stages by leading tory backbenchers , and the attorney-general , sir patrick mayhew .

’ After an initial payment of £500,000 , Mr Tyrie and his partners would receive a lump sum of £2million if Norfolk 's shares reached 50p and a further £5million if they topped 60p .
’ after an [first] payment of £500,000 , mr tyrie and his partners would receive a lump sum of £2million if norfolk 's shares reached 50p and a further £5million if they topped 60p .

‘ Faith Caskie also survived the initial impact , but drowned shortly afterwards .
‘ faith caskie also survived the [first] impact , but drowned shortly afterwards .

The initial investment and costs of occasional replacements are well repaid by improvements in behaviour and happier children which reduces the number of tales going home of playground fighting and bullying .
the [first] investment and costs of occasional replacements are well repaid by improvements in behaviour and happier children which reduces the number of tales going home of playground fighting and bullying .

The Reading Mercury was founded in 1723 and one of its initial duties was to report the untimely death of a popular local farmer , Jonathon Blagrave .
the reading mercury was founded in 1723 and one of its [first] duties was to report the untimely death of a popular local farmer , jonathon blagrave .

Its initial capacity will be 2 megabits per second .
its [first] capacity will be 2 megabits per second .

They have to address questions such as why people buy an inefficient fridge , when more efficient models are available , and how consumers balance a greater initial cost with savings made over the life of an appliance .
they have to address questions such as why people buy an inefficient fridge , when more efficient models are available , and how consumers balance a greater [first] cost with savings made over the life of an appliance .

After this initial rebuild , further work was carried out by several resident archbishops , most particularly San Carlo Borromeo who used his favourite architect Pelligrino Tibaldi ( Il Pellegrini ) .
after this [first] rebuild , further work was carried out by several resident archbishops , most particularly san carlo borromeo who used his favourite architect pelligrino tibaldi ( il pellegrini ) .

Would you have thought a year ago that you would be spending your next name-day in Paris ? He continued on 13 July having received his son 's initial letter :
would you have thought a year ago that you would be spending your next name-day in paris ? he continued on 13 july having received his son 's [first] letter :

But if this process of change raised the issue of the care of the mentally handicapped the initial response was to seek their confinement .
but if this process of change raised the issue of the care of the mentally handicapped the [first] response was to seek their confinement .

The initial examination of the corpse was conducted by Professor Usher in consultation with Professor John Emery , a colleague at Sheffield University .
the [first] examination of the corpse was conducted by professor usher in consultation with professor john emery , a colleague at sheffield university .

This initially resulted in the charge of murder being changed to attempted murder , with Professor Usher reluctantly forced to admit that his initial examination was inconclusive .
this initially resulted in the charge of murder being changed to attempted murder , with professor usher reluctantly forced to admit that his [first] examination was inconclusive .

Exclusion , which usually takes the initial form of suspension , is almost universally available for cases of severe disruption of lessons or verbal abuse of staff .
exclusion , which usually takes the [first] form of suspension , is almost universally available for cases of severe disruption of lessons or verbal abuse of staff .

After some initial difficulties Gehlen was able to explain who he was and what he had to offer .
after some [first] difficulties gehlen was able to explain who he was and what he had to offer .

15.25 Through the programmes of study pupils should encounter a range of situations and activities which are designed to develop their competence , precision and confidence in speaking and listening , irrespective of their initial competence or home language .
15.25 through the programmes of study pupils should encounter a range of situations and activities which are designed to develop their competence , precision and confidence in speaking and listening , irrespective of their [first] competence or home language .

It is normal for their early attempts to consist of strings of letters , with words represented by the initial letter or by clusters of consonants .
it is normal for their early attempts to consist of strings of letters , with words represented by the [first] letter or by clusters of consonants .

Children 's early invented spellings often demonstrate logical consistency ; this grasp of regularity should be recognised as an initial achievement and children should be helped to be confident in attempting to spell words for themselves without undue dependence on the teacher .
children 's early invented spellings often demonstrate logical consistency ; this grasp of regularity should be recognised as an [first] achievement and children should be helped to be confident in attempting to spell words for themselves without undue dependence on the teacher .

planning — when initial thoughts and the framework are recorded and ordered ;
planning — when [first] thoughts and the framework are recorded and ordered ;

drafting — when initial thoughts are developed , evaluated and reshaped by expansion , addition or amendment to the text .
drafting — when [first] thoughts are developed , evaluated and reshaped by expansion , addition or amendment to the text .

The initial founding of a squatter settlement is , itself , an illegal act and , therefore , a challenge to authority .
the [first] founding of a squatter settlement is , itself , an illegal act and , therefore , a challenge to authority .

This irony was only accentuated by the refugees ' initial belief that their exile was to be brief , a few days perhaps , at most a month , after which — in the manner of other civilians who had abandoned their homes in the midst of battle — they would return to their houses and fields to resume the life which had been interrupted by war .
this irony was only accentuated by the refugees ' [first] belief that their exile was to be brief , a few days perhaps , at most a month , after which — in the manner of other civilians who had abandoned their homes in the midst of battle — they would return to their houses and fields to resume the life which had been interrupted by war .

Younger Palestinians — Palestinians who were born in Lebanon , for example — can remember how their parents angrily threw the keys away in the early 1950s , how the documents that were guarded with such care in the initial days of exile were mislaid or destroyed as their true meaning became clear ; because they proved ownership of a world that had disappeared .
younger palestinians — palestinians who were born in lebanon , for example — can remember how their parents angrily threw the keys away in the early 1950s , how the documents that were guarded with such care in the [first] days of exile were mislaid or destroyed as their true meaning became clear ; because they proved ownership of a world that had disappeared .

Worse , although carbon dioxide was used to extinguish the initial blaze , the fire had by that time spread into the adjacent reactor building .
worse , although carbon dioxide was used to extinguish the [first] blaze , the fire had by that time spread into the adjacent reactor building .

In Wales , even the initial sallies of experts from the Institute of Geological Sciences met with belligerent disruption .
in wales , even the [first] sallies of experts from the institute of geological sciences met with belligerent disruption .

Gradually , the number of individual objectors prepared to enter the fray began to expand outside the initial handful .
gradually , the number of individual objectors prepared to enter the fray began to expand outside the [first] handful .

At the time of writing , this is still the case , although the initial process of removing the fuel has occurred in many instances .
at the time of writing , this is still the case , although the [first] process of removing the fuel has occurred in many instances .

One of the main initial bases of the White armies under General Kornilov was on the lower Don river with Kaledin , Ataman of the Don Cossacks .
one of the main [first] bases of the white armies under general kornilov was on the lower don river with kaledin , ataman of the don cossacks .

However you look at it , horses are extremely expensive to keep and even the initial outlay of buying the animal pales into insignificance when you start to add up feed , shoeing and vets ' bills , insurance , tack , transport and livery or rent if you do n't own your own facilities — the list seems endless .
however you look at it , horses are extremely expensive to keep and even the [first] outlay of buying the animal pales into insignificance when you start to add up feed , shoeing and vets ' bills , insurance , tack , transport and livery or rent if you do n't own your own facilities — the list seems endless .

To Foo it seemed so unreal , like a cartoon , a caricature of a big wave , that his initial reaction was to laugh .
to foo it seemed so unreal , like a cartoon , a caricature of a big wave , that his [first] reaction was to laugh .

Starting from Birkdale Summit , an initial detour may be made to look into the open shaft of Jingling Pot nearby , after which a pathless course must be steered south-west across tedious grass to reach and climb the rough slopes building up to the Edge .
starting from birkdale summit , an [first] detour may be made to look into the open shaft of jingling pot nearby , after which a pathless course must be steered south-west across tedious grass to reach and climb the rough slopes building up to the edge .

But what is more troubling than the initial rigid fixed term is the fact that warrants may be renewed for longer periods still .
but what is more troubling than the [first] rigid fixed term is the fact that warrants may be renewed for longer periods still .

After some initial successes , the authorities cracked down on the protesters .
after some [first] successes , the authorities cracked down on the protesters .

Although there is an essential functional relation between skeletal element , tendon , and muscle , it does not follow that their initial development is similarly linked .
although there is an essential functional relation between skeletal element , tendon , and muscle , it does not follow that their [first] development is similarly linked .

The reason why these had survived so long was because they required the most money spent on them — in the case of valley bottoms , to pay for initial drainage and then to maintain it — to make them yield their full potential of arable and pasture .
the reason why these had survived so long was because they required the most money spent on them — in the case of valley bottoms , to pay for [first] drainage and then to maintain it — to make them yield their full potential of arable and pasture .

The treatment for both problems is expensive , and has to be repeated constantly , thus rendering the initial investment in drainage quite worthless in some cases , and at other times leading to a downgrading of the agricultural classification of the land .
the treatment for both problems is expensive , and has to be repeated constantly , thus rendering the [first] investment in drainage quite worthless in some cases , and at other times leading to a downgrading of the agricultural classification of the land .

For a while , profits on this grade 1 land came rolling in , but ten years after the initial drainage , the worst areas required re-draining , and even high-pressure jetting of clogged drains was futile against the deflocculated clay slurry .
for a while , profits on this grade 1 land came rolling in , but ten years after the [first] drainage , the worst areas required re-draining , and even high-pressure jetting of clogged drains was futile against the deflocculated clay slurry .

An expensive all-concrete , all-dredge , work-from-both-sides approach may in certain cases have much to recommend it to a few of the more old-fashioned river managers , especially since the cutting of straight ditches involves minimum initial design and subsequent supervision , combined with maximum actual earth-moving and construction works on the ground .
an expensive all-concrete , all-dredge , work-from-both-sides approach may in certain cases have much to recommend it to a few of the more old-fashioned river managers , especially since the cutting of straight ditches involves minimum [first] design and subsequent supervision , combined with maximum actual earth-moving and construction works on the ground .

The occupational therapist in the community is normally employed by the social services department , and the initial contact is usually made by the general practitioner .
the occupational therapist in the community is normally employed by the social services department , and the [first] contact is usually made by the general practitioner .

The process usually starts with practice of the initial movements for putting on a particular garment , before the garment is given to the patient .
the process usually starts with practice of the [first] movements for putting on a particular garment , before the garment is given to the patient .

His speech and comprehension problems made his initial rehabilitation treatment difficult .
his speech and comprehension problems made his [first] rehabilitation treatment difficult .

Barbarossa 's initial aim was to unify Germany , and settle a number of conflicts which had been weakening the realm .
barbarossa 's [first] aim was to unify germany , and settle a number of conflicts which had been weakening the realm .

So , not counting the initial Strombolian activity in the North-East Crater , there were three separate sites of activity during the course of the eruption , and each showed different behaviour : Strombolian , Hawaiian and Vulcanian . [ See Fig. 1 ]
so , not counting the [first] strombolian activity in the north-east crater , there were three separate sites of activity during the course of the eruption , and each showed different behaviour : strombolian , hawaiian and vulcanian . [ see fig. 1 ]

As it flows , the lava cools , and its initial fierce glow subsides to a less intense yellow , and more important , the viscosity increases so that the lava becomes more like treacle .
as it flows , the lava cools , and its [first] fierce glow subsides to a less intense yellow , and more important , the viscosity increases so that the lava becomes more like treacle .

Often , the initial rapid rate of flow decreases , and then the level of the lava in the canal drops , leaving the banks , or levees as they are called , standing up high and dry like walls .
often , the [first] rapid rate of flow decreases , and then the level of the lava in the canal drops , leaving the banks , or levees as they are called , standing up high and dry like walls .

The earliest of these — ‘ Your last drive ’ , ‘ The walk ’ , ‘ The going ’ — published in Satires of Circumstance are full of his initial sense of loss and grief .
the earliest of these — ‘ your last drive ’ , ‘ the walk ’ , ‘ the going ’ — published in satires of circumstance are full of his [first] sense of loss and grief .

Karen Quinlan falls into this third category , despite initial medical and popular views to the contrary .
karen quinlan falls into this third category , despite [first] medical and popular views to the contrary .

This is the initial step in making a plan and ultimately a successful purchase .
this is the [first] step in making a plan and ultimately a successful purchase .

The two circuits are self-contained and lose no water other than by leaks and evaporation , so no scaling occurs after the initial heating of the water .
the two circuits are self-contained and lose no water other than by leaks and evaporation , so no scaling occurs after the [first] heating of the water .

The tortoise is given an initial lead over Achilles , and the argument asserts that however fast Achilles runs he will never reach the tortoise .
the tortoise is given an [first] lead over achilles , and the argument asserts that however fast achilles runs he will never reach the tortoise .

Granted his initial assumptions , however , he was in fact just as scientific in his calculations in that field as in his famous contributions to mathematical physics and astronomy .
granted his [first] assumptions , however , he was in fact just as scientific in his calculations in that field as in his famous contributions to mathematical physics and astronomy .

The initial response of the Left and liberals to this reaction was to dub the conventional wisdom ‘ moral panic ’ .
the [first] response of the left and liberals to this reaction was to dub the conventional wisdom ‘ moral panic ’ .

Their initial response to the growth of crime , which stemmed from rising unemployment and inequality , was heavy-handed and militaristic .
their [first] response to the growth of crime , which stemmed from rising unemployment and inequality , was heavy-handed and militaristic .

Moreover , both of these groups , while they will need a great deal of outside support in the initial stages , have perhaps more reason to welcome the independence and privacy a single lifestyle gives them than anyone else .
moreover , both of these groups , while they will need a great deal of outside support in the [first] stages , have perhaps more reason to welcome the independence and privacy a single lifestyle gives them than anyone else .

As you can see , unless you feel that there is something suspect about the property , such as an extension which you feel may be badly constructed , or it is very old ( say , 18th century ) it is really not worth paying out for the more in-depth survey in the initial stages , which costs twice as much as the ordinary valuation survey .
as you can see , unless you feel that there is something suspect about the property , such as an extension which you feel may be badly constructed , or it is very old ( say , 18th century ) it is really not worth paying out for the more in-depth survey in the [first] stages , which costs twice as much as the ordinary valuation survey .

Since the electoral registration officer is authorised by statute to sell copies of the electoral register , address lists from this source are fairly and lawfully obtained ; objections to trading in other address lists can be circumvented if , at the time of the initial collection of information , it is made clear that addresses will be passed on unless the data subject expressly objects .
since the electoral registration officer is authorised by statute to sell copies of the electoral register , address lists from this source are fairly and lawfully obtained ; objections to trading in other address lists can be circumvented if , at the time of the [first] collection of information , it is made clear that addresses will be passed on unless the data subject expressly objects .

The initial agreement was a statement of principle rather than a binding promise , whereby it was agreed that countries should make every effort to ‘ use the best available technology that is economically feasible ’ to limit air pollution .
the [first] agreement was a statement of principle rather than a binding promise , whereby it was agreed that countries should make every effort to ‘ use the best available technology that is economically feasible ’ to limit air pollution .

And even if the investment were available for incinerators of this quality , there is no guarantee that the rate of return from burning waste would recoup the initial outlay and therefore few councils are prepared to take the risk .
and even if the investment were available for incinerators of this quality , there is no guarantee that the rate of return from burning waste would recoup the [first] outlay and therefore few councils are prepared to take the risk .

When you have made an initial assessment of your strengths and weaknesses you will find it easier to recognize work for which you are genuinely suited .
when you have made an [first] assessment of your strengths and weaknesses you will find it easier to recognize work for which you are genuinely suited .

Obviously you will only be asked to come for an interview if you have made an initial approach for a job .
obviously you will only be asked to come for an interview if you have made an [first] approach for a job .

It may even be that despite taking care with matching yourself to the job before making an initial application you may find out further information that will make you less enthusiastic about the job .
it may even be that despite taking care with matching yourself to the job before making an [first] application you may find out further information that will make you less enthusiastic about the job .

The aim is to give an initial impression of efficiency ; if you can not even get your own act together what likelihood is there of your being of any use to anyone else ?
the aim is to give an [first] impression of efficiency ; if you can not even get your own act together what likelihood is there of your being of any use to anyone else ?

This stage is intended mainly to ease the initial awkwardness , the interviewer does not really want your detailed impressions of the weather or the route you took to get to the interview .
this stage is intended mainly to ease the [first] awkwardness , the interviewer does not really want your detailed impressions of the weather or the route you took to get to the interview .

After the initial whisky or gin and tonic move on to plain ginger ale or tonic water with ice and lemon which will give the impression , if necessary , that you are still drinking the real thing .
after the [first] whisky or gin and tonic move on to plain ginger ale or tonic water with ice and lemon which will give the impression , if necessary , that you are still drinking the real thing .

They are documents of record , and they provide basic information for an initial selection or ‘ interview ’ .
they are documents of record , and they provide basic information for an [first] selection or ‘ interview ’ .

In this book we are dealing with the second function ; application forms as a means of making an initial selection .
in this book we are dealing with the second function ; application forms as a means of making an [first] selection .

When applicants respond to an advertisement they should be sent an application form to fill in unless the initial letter was so poor that it warrants an immediate rejection .
when applicants respond to an advertisement they should be sent an application form to fill in unless the [first] letter was so poor that it warrants an immediate rejection .

This will be a far easier task if the initial advertisement/job description has been accurate enough to attract people with the right qualifications and experience .
this will be a far easier task if the [first] advertisement/job description has been accurate enough to attract people with the right qualifications and experience .

When initial appointments are made over the telephone , for instance if someone telephones to ask about vacancies , these should also be confirmed in writing .
when [first] appointments are made over the telephone , for instance if someone telephones to ask about vacancies , these should also be confirmed in writing .

Initial greeting .
[first] greeting .

If candidates ' responses do not tell you what you need to know then follow up your initial question with a more specific one .
if candidates ' responses do not tell you what you need to know then follow up your [first] question with a more specific one .

do not be alarmed if you are passed on from your initial solicitor ( perhaps the one who did your house conveyancing ) to another .
do not be alarmed if you are passed on from your [first] solicitor ( perhaps the one who did your house conveyancing ) to another .

The rising scale of alcohol As blood alcohol levels rise , initial feelings of cheerfulness and self-confidence are replaced by impaired judgement followed by inability to walk straight and other
the rising scale of alcohol as blood alcohol levels rise , [first] feelings of cheerfulness and self-confidence are replaced by impaired judgement followed by inability to walk straight and other

People who have this early experience of their anger being mitigated by another and have learnt that their initial angry protest does , in fact , bring relief and comfort , learn two more important lessons .
people who have this early experience of their anger being mitigated by another and have learnt that their [first] angry protest does , in fact , bring relief and comfort , learn two more important lessons .

Yet betrayal of the initial oneness — the harmonious whole , a glorious , bodily , yet undefined goodness in which there is no distinction between the me and the you — is part of human experience , as is its loss .
yet betrayal of the [first] oneness — the harmonious whole , a glorious , bodily , yet undefined goodness in which there is no distinction between the me and the you — is part of human experience , as is its loss .

Clive and Rose Greenacre 's initial commitment could be seen in these terms , Rose in effect saying , ‘ Keep me safe , let me cling ’ , Clive continuing to allow her to do so despite his irritation .
clive and rose greenacre 's [first] commitment could be seen in these terms , rose in effect saying , ‘ keep me safe , let me cling ’ , clive continuing to allow her to do so despite his irritation .

The transcription and initial translation into English were done by Gabriel Campbell , Prithivi Raj Chettri and Tunga Nath Upadaya .
the transcription and [first] translation into english were done by gabriel campbell , prithivi raj chettri and tunga nath upadaya .

In this initial skirmish his men suffered badly with some 20 killed and 120 wounded , while the rebels , well dug in , had only a single casualty .
in this [first] skirmish his men suffered badly with some 20 killed and 120 wounded , while the rebels , well dug in , had only a single casualty .

The initial tendency , on the part of both government and public , to assume that the Jacobite adventure would soon peter out , was replaced , as the news of the fall of Edinburgh and Cope 's defeat at Prestonpans sank in , by feelings of outrage and alarm , which were soon expressed in a fervent outburst of patriotism .
the [first] tendency , on the part of both government and public , to assume that the jacobite adventure would soon peter out , was replaced , as the news of the fall of edinburgh and cope 's defeat at prestonpans sank in , by feelings of outrage and alarm , which were soon expressed in a fervent outburst of patriotism .

Cumberland 's initial appreciation was that Charles would attempt to cross the Mersey either at Warrington or Crossford and he ordered the Lord Lieutenant of Cheshire , who was also official governor of Chester Castle , to make both bridges impassable , though they were not destroyed .
cumberland 's [first] appreciation was that charles would attempt to cross the mersey either at warrington or crossford and he ordered the lord lieutenant of cheshire , who was also official governor of chester castle , to make both bridges impassable , though they were not destroyed .

In fulfilment of this agreement a huge force , variously put at 15,000 and 30,000 men , had been assembled between Dunkirk and Boulogne , to follow up any initial success in a landing on the south or east coast , though the final choice of destination was to be left to the last moment , being largely dependent on the wind .
in fulfilment of this agreement a huge force , variously put at 15,000 and 30,000 men , had been assembled between dunkirk and boulogne , to follow up any [first] success in a landing on the south or east coast , though the final choice of destination was to be left to the last moment , being largely dependent on the wind .

While the British army was , the French hoped , hurrying north to cope with this initial attack , the same warships — here lay the originality of the plan — would sail north-about round Scotland and down through the North Sea to Ostend .
while the british army was , the french hoped , hurrying north to cope with this [first] attack , the same warships — here lay the originality of the plan — would sail north-about round scotland and down through the north sea to ostend .

De Choiseul planned to collect only eight small vessels between Dunkirk and Calais , too few to attract any agent 's notice but sufficient to carry a small force to secure the initial beachhead , which would then be rapidly reinforced .
de choiseul planned to collect only eight small vessels between dunkirk and calais , too few to attract any agent 's notice but sufficient to carry a small force to secure the [first] beachhead , which would then be rapidly reinforced .

Dumouriez made out a powerful case for this initial effort :
dumouriez made out a powerful case for this [first] effort :

In constructing a price index , there are two important initial steps .
in constructing a price index , there are two important [first] steps .

It bounced on initial impact and came to rest inverted .
it bounced on [first] impact and came to rest inverted .

The initial experience for any child is just to play with the pieces to familiarise himself with them all and this often takes the form of picture and pattern making — similar to the early use of the other structured apparatus .
the [first] experience for any child is just to play with the pieces to familiarise himself with them all and this often takes the form of picture and pattern making — similar to the early use of the other structured apparatus .

Initial induction — Housekeeping , the organization , place of the entrant , attitude training .
[first] induction — housekeeping , the organization , place of the entrant , attitude training .

The Poles eventually settled for territory far short of their initial ambitions .
the poles eventually settled for territory far short of their [first] ambitions .

The one with the camera , after an initial flourish of framing , had decided to abandon the task temporarily and had half replaced the camera in its zip-up plastic cover .
the one with the camera , after an [first] flourish of framing , had decided to abandon the task temporarily and had half replaced the camera in its zip-up plastic cover .

Indeed , their aversion to being in a small cage appears to increase during the initial three months of caging , so they certainly do not adapt quickly to these restrictions .
indeed , their aversion to being in a small cage appears to increase during the [first] three months of caging , so they certainly do not adapt quickly to these restrictions .

So , how did you make your initial decision about what to do after graduation ?
so , how did you make your [first] decision about what to do after graduation ?

They were therefore involved in negotiating the initial agreement of the statutory services for the project to take place in their areas , and in preparing the ground more fully so that all relevant service-providers knew about the project and understood how it might affect them or vice versa .
they were therefore involved in negotiating the [first] agreement of the statutory services for the project to take place in their areas , and in preparing the ground more fully so that all relevant service-providers knew about the project and understood how it might affect them or vice versa .

Initial training was always provided on a one-to-one basis because workers were recruited at different times to perform tasks of varying types .
[first] training was always provided on a one-to-one basis because workers were recruited at different times to perform tasks of varying types .

The only initial problems were with :
the only [first] problems were with :

Approximately one year after their initial interview , a further interview was sought with the principal carers whose relative was still alive ( though we did interview a sample of those whose relative had died ) and who had not already been living in an institution at the time of the first carer interview .
approximately one year after their [first] interview , a further interview was sought with the principal carers whose relative was still alive ( though we did interview a sample of those whose relative had died ) and who had not already been living in an institution at the time of the first carer interview .

Briefly , the diet consists of an initial one or two day fruit ‘ fast ’ , followed by two weeks on raw fruits and vegetables , nuts , seeds , springwater , juices and herb teas .
briefly , the diet consists of an [first] one or two day fruit ‘ fast ’ , followed by two weeks on raw fruits and vegetables , nuts , seeds , springwater , juices and herb teas .

It is almost impossible to stop this initial run without tearing the hook out of the fish 's mouth , and yet you must not let the barbel have all his own way .
it is almost impossible to stop this [first] run without tearing the hook out of the fish 's mouth , and yet you must not let the barbel have all his own way .

The initial thump when the hook drives home , and the first short , sharp run are strong enough , but that , usually , is all , at least in comparison to cylindrically-shaped fish .
the [first] thump when the hook drives home , and the first short , sharp run are strong enough , but that , usually , is all , at least in comparison to cylindrically-shaped fish .

The moment you feel it you should stop the strike and allow the fish its initial run , which is short-lived but quite strong .
the moment you feel it you should stop the strike and allow the fish its [first] run , which is short-lived but quite strong .

My initial reaction had been a prime , although mild , example of ageism in operation .
my [first] reaction had been a prime , although mild , example of ageism in operation .

In making initial contact with someone , write or speak to him ( or her ) about what you are looking for — someone with whom to discuss your Christian life and pilgrimage . If he is not used to the concept you may need to do some initial explaining , but , once he understands your expectation , he may turn out far better than he imagined !
in making [first] contact with someone , write or speak to him ( or her ) about what you are looking for — someone with whom to discuss your christian life and pilgrimage . if he is not used to the concept you may need to do some [first] explaining , but , once he understands your expectation , he may turn out far better than he imagined !

For example , an agreement to use a minimum of 20,000 copies per month at an initial 5.4p per copy , and with a built-in annual increase of nine percent , totals more than £168,000 over nine years .
for example , an agreement to use a minimum of 20,000 copies per month at an [first] 5.4p per copy , and with a built-in annual increase of nine percent , totals more than £168,000 over nine years .

The initial impetus for the rethink came not from the officials but from Sir Stafford Cripps in the summer of 1946 .
the [first] impetus for the rethink came not from the officials but from sir stafford cripps in the summer of 1946 .

But most do still read reviews , usually as a form of long-stop to make sure they have not missed important titles on their initial selection , or to buy extra copies of titles which have been particularly well received .
but most do still read reviews , usually as a form of long-stop to make sure they have not missed important titles on their [first] selection , or to buy extra copies of titles which have been particularly well received .

These changes have very real implications for librarians , who must ensure that their initial trawl of new publications is comprehensive , since they are less likely to pick up , through a later stock revision , titles they have initially missed .
these changes have very real implications for librarians , who must ensure that their [first] trawl of new publications is comprehensive , since they are less likely to pick up , through a later stock revision , titles they have initially missed .

Librarians must also carefully plan their initial selection decisions to make sure they take place before there is any danger of books being reported out of print ( although the chances of a book going out of print in the six months immediately following publication are often exaggerated — this happens rarely , and usually as the result of a miscalculation by the publisher ) .
librarians must also carefully plan their [first] selection decisions to make sure they take place before there is any danger of books being reported out of print ( although the chances of a book going out of print in the six months immediately following publication are often exaggerated — this happens rarely , and usually as the result of a miscalculation by the publisher ) .

It was also felt that consequent uncertainty in the bookselling trade would lead booksellers to place smaller initial orders for new titles , and that rising prices and the axing of valuable but commercially marginal titles from publishers ' lists would ensue ( both of the latter effects have , in fact , to some extent ensued , in spite of the judgement ) .
it was also felt that consequent uncertainty in the bookselling trade would lead booksellers to place smaller [first] orders for new titles , and that rising prices and the axing of valuable but commercially marginal titles from publishers ' lists would ensue ( both of the latter effects have , in fact , to some extent ensued , in spite of the judgement ) .

The initial reaction of an efficiency expert may be to suggest that each adviser has the information system in their interviewing room in order to save time and energy .
the [first] reaction of an efficiency expert may be to suggest that each adviser has the information system in their interviewing room in order to save time and energy .

Their demise is a sad chapter in the history of the tramway , made worse by their initial promise as a new post-war generation of trams .
their demise is a sad chapter in the history of the tramway , made worse by their [first] promise as a new post-war generation of trams .

In northern Europe , however , factors such as population growth , urbanisation and industrialisation during the latter half of the nineteenth century produced a gradual change of heart , although the initial move towards the idea of protecting natural wilderness was encouraged primarily by European sportsmen who became concerned by the diminishing herds of game animals in the colonies ( MacKenzie , 1989 ) .
in northern europe , however , factors such as population growth , urbanisation and industrialisation during the latter half of the nineteenth century produced a gradual change of heart , although the [first] move towards the idea of protecting natural wilderness was encouraged primarily by european sportsmen who became concerned by the diminishing herds of game animals in the colonies ( mackenzie , 1989 ) .

The modern environmental movement began to emerge during the post-war period , although its initial emphasis was still on protection rather than conservation , and most of the effort was directed towards preserving large animals and their habitats in the Third World .
the modern environmental movement began to emerge during the post-war period , although its [first] emphasis was still on protection rather than conservation , and most of the effort was directed towards preserving large animals and their habitats in the third world .

For example , how does the quality of her environment , as she perceives it , now come up to her initial expectations ?
for example , how does the quality of her environment , as she perceives it , now come up to her [first] expectations ?

Does it suit you to have a specific initial commitment , culminating in a natural break when you can leave and pursue other interests ?
does it suit you to have a specific [first] commitment , culminating in a natural break when you can leave and pursue other interests ?

An initial warning is often verbal , even if logged in writing for record purposes .
an [first] warning is often verbal , even if logged in writing for record purposes .

It is even possible that if you decide to set up your own business , you may be able to claim for the initial costs of this .
it is even possible that if you decide to set up your own business , you may be able to claim for the [first] costs of this .

As the name implies , the initial intention was more general than the agenda item and inorganic chemical nomenclature was included .
as the name implies , the [first] intention was more general than the agenda item and inorganic chemical nomenclature was included .

The pathognomonic lesion of atherosclerosis is the fibrous plaque which is probably due to proliferation of the smooth muscle cell in the arterial wall following an initial breach in the arterial intima ( Ross & Glomset , 1976 ; Ross & Marker , 1976 ) .
the pathognomonic lesion of atherosclerosis is the fibrous plaque which is probably due to proliferation of the smooth muscle cell in the arterial wall following an [first] breach in the arterial intima ( ross & glomset , 1976 ; ross & marker , 1976 ) .

The exact cause of the initial breach in the intima is still not identified .
the exact cause of the [first] breach in the intima is still not identified .

The initial test of a random serum cholesterol and triglyceride estimation is sufficient .
the [first] test of a random serum cholesterol and triglyceride estimation is sufficient .

From the above description it can be seen that the endothelial cell has many important properties and endothelial damage is proposed as the initial event in the ‘ response to injury ’ hypothesis .
from the above description it can be seen that the endothelial cell has many important properties and endothelial damage is proposed as the [first] event in the ‘ response to injury ’ hypothesis .

As has been discussed , the ‘ response to injury ’ hypothesis depends on initial endothelial injury and little is known about loss of endothelium in vivo either spontaneously or in response to risk factors for atherosclerosis .
as has been discussed , the ‘ response to injury ’ hypothesis depends on [first] endothelial injury and little is known about loss of endothelium in vivo either spontaneously or in response to risk factors for atherosclerosis .

These workers have emphasised that the initial lesion in this model of atherogenesis is the adherence to endothelium of monocytes which then appear to migrate into the subendothelium , accumulate lipid and become lipid-laden macrophages or foam cells .
these workers have emphasised that the [first] lesion in this model of atherogenesis is the adherence to endothelium of monocytes which then appear to migrate into the subendothelium , accumulate lipid and become lipid-laden macrophages or foam cells .

Initial reports of β-thromboglobulin levels in diabetic subjects were conflicting .
[first] reports of β-thromboglobulin levels in diabetic subjects were conflicting .

record the initial generation phase as having occurred from late Triassic to mid Jurassic .
record the [first] generation phase as having occurred from late triassic to mid jurassic .

However , this initial , albeit restricted , study has demonstrated the usefulness of vitrinite reflectance data in other than strictly maturation-related applications .
however , this [first] , albeit restricted , study has demonstrated the usefulness of vitrinite reflectance data in other than strictly maturation-related applications .

The samples ( + 1 g ground to 100–125 micron ) were heated in duplicate in steel autoclaves in an inert atmosphere at an initial pressure of 1 bar .
the samples ( + 1 g ground to 100–125 micron ) were heated in duplicate in steel autoclaves in an inert atmosphere at an [first] pressure of 1 bar .

Initial studies indicated that two heating temperatures were necessary for the qualitative and quantitative characterisation of gas generation .
[first] studies indicated that two heating temperatures were necessary for the qualitative and quantitative characterisation of gas generation .

In this type of situation , once a study is underway and the initial reservations are overcome , staff tend to talk freely to the analysts and there is a high level of client participation in all stages of the exercise .
in this type of situation , once a study is underway and the [first] reservations are overcome , staff tend to talk freely to the analysts and there is a high level of client participation in all stages of the exercise .

At the outset of the research project , after initial discussions with the Officer-in-charge , a formal briefing was given to all staff explaining the aims of the project and the approach to be taken , giving the opportunity for any questions to be raised .
at the outset of the research project , after [first] discussions with the officer-in-charge , a formal briefing was given to all staff explaining the aims of the project and the approach to be taken , giving the opportunity for any questions to be raised .

The analysis of the information objects and communication aspects , carried out as a joint exercise to ensure method economy , was undertaken in two stages , ie first by interviewing a few staff , then distributing a questionnaire based on the initial findings .
the analysis of the information objects and communication aspects , carried out as a joint exercise to ensure method economy , was undertaken in two stages , ie first by interviewing a few staff , then distributing a questionnaire based on the [first] findings .

Accordingly , after the initial investigations , it was accepted by all the parties concerned that it would be inappropriate to pursue the microform aspects of the hybrid system .
accordingly , after the [first] investigations , it was accepted by all the parties concerned that it would be inappropriate to pursue the microform aspects of the hybrid system .

During the initial development of root definitions these factors should be considered in systems terms only , otherwise the analyst may just relate them to the subject organisation , overlooking other individuals or groups who contribute to the system as defined .
during the [first] development of root definitions these factors should be considered in systems terms only , otherwise the analyst may just relate them to the subject organisation , overlooking other individuals or groups who contribute to the system as defined .

Initially ( Yurtsever 1988 c ) , he considered the case when the approaching waves have constant aligned polarization and obtained explicit expressions which relate the asymptotic Kasner exponents along the singularity to the initial data posed along the wave fronts of the approaching waves .
initially ( yurtsever 1988 c ) , he considered the case when the approaching waves have constant aligned polarization and obtained explicit expressions which relate the asymptotic kasner exponents along the singularity to the [first] data posed along the wave fronts of the approaching waves .

From these expressions it is clear that , for specific choices of initial data , the curvature singularity formed by the interacting waves degenerates to a coordinate singularity .
from these expressions it is clear that , for specific choices of [first] data , the curvature singularity formed by the interacting waves degenerates to a coordinate singularity .

It can also be concluded that these Killing-Cauchy horizons are unstable against small but generic perturbations of the initial data and that , in a very precise sense , ‘ generic ’ initial data always produce all-embracing space-like curvature singularities .
it can also be concluded that these killing-cauchy horizons are unstable against small but generic perturbations of the [first] data and that , in a very precise sense , ‘ generic ’ [first] data always produce all-embracing space-like curvature singularities .

Figure 8.8 The general structure of colliding plane wave solutions related to the initial hypersurface on which initial Cauchy data is set .
figure 8.8 the general structure of colliding plane wave solutions related to the [first] hypersurface on which [first] cauchy data is set .

It is also appropriate to attempt to relate this general singularity structure to some initial hypersurface on which the initial Cauchy data for the colliding wave problem is specified .
it is also appropriate to attempt to relate this general singularity structure to some [first] hypersurface on which the [first] cauchy data for the colliding wave problem is specified .

In particular , it must be noted that no global space-like hypersurface exists on which initial Cauchy data for the problem can be set .
in particular , it must be noted that no global space-like hypersurface exists on which [first] cauchy data for the problem can be set .

This was initially obtained using the inverse scattering technique in which the initial ‘ seed ’ solution is taken to be the Kasner or Stoyanov solution given by ( 10.20 ) or ( 10.29 ) .
this was initially obtained using the inverse scattering technique in which the [first] ‘ seed ’ solution is taken to be the kasner or stoyanov solution given by ( 10.20 ) or ( 10.29 ) .

In addition , since increases from zero in the interaction region , this region must correspond to the part of the Schwarzschild space-time indicated in Figure 10.3 ( b ) which is inside the initial horizon .
in addition , since increases from zero in the interaction region , this region must correspond to the part of the schwarzschild space-time indicated in figure 10.3 ( b ) which is inside the [first] horizon .

The interaction region is then that part of the Schwarzschild space-time inside the initial horizon as indicated , which extends to the horizon as the focusing hypersurface .
the interaction region is then that part of the schwarzschild space-time inside the [first] horizon as indicated , which extends to the horizon as the focusing hypersurface .

He has also given explicit expressions which relate the asymptotic Kasner exponents along the singularity to the initial data specified along the wave fronts of the incoming colliding plane waves .
he has also given explicit expressions which relate the asymptotic kasner exponents along the singularity to the [first] data specified along the wave fronts of the incoming colliding plane waves .

It is reasonable to conclude from this that , although there are colliding plane wave space-times which contain a Killing-Cauchy horizon rather than a space-like curvature singularity , these space-times are unstable against small perturbations of the initial data and that ‘ generic ’ initial data always produce space-like curvature singularities .
it is reasonable to conclude from this that , although there are colliding plane wave space-times which contain a killing-cauchy horizon rather than a space-like curvature singularity , these space-times are unstable against small perturbations of the [first] data and that ‘ generic ’ [first] data always produce space-like curvature singularities .

Finally , there are the separable solutions of ( 10.73 ) which are non-singular on the initial boundaries , namely ( 10.82 ) which again involve Legendre functions of the first and second kind .
finally , there are the separable solutions of ( 10.73 ) which are non-singular on the [first] boundaries , namely ( 10.82 ) which again involve legendre functions of the first and second kind .

It can clearly be seen that , if the initial solution satisfies the boundary conditions appropriate for colliding waves , then so does the new solution .
it can clearly be seen that , if the [first] solution satisfies the boundary conditions appropriate for colliding waves , then so does the new solution .

In the case when the initial solution has colinear polarization , this method can be considerably simplified .
in the case when the [first] solution has colinear polarization , this method can be considerably simplified .

Within the context of stationary axisymmetric space-times , many techniques have been developed in recent years by which new solutions may be obtained from initial vacuum solutions .
within the context of stationary axisymmetric space-times , many techniques have been developed in recent years by which new solutions may be obtained from [first] vacuum solutions .

It is worth pointing out that , if the initial Killing vector had been taken to be , which is ( 12.25 ) with and , an equivalent transformation would have been obtained with and .
it is worth pointing out that , if the [first] killing vector had been taken to be , which is ( 12.25 ) with and , an equivalent transformation would have been obtained with and .

Panov then took the initial solution to be the totally general solution of Szekeres ( 1972 ) , which can be considered to be equivalent to the general solution given here by ( 10.16 ) .
panov then took the [first] solution to be the totally general solution of szekeres ( 1972 ) , which can be considered to be equivalent to the general solution given here by ( 10.16 ) .

It has already been shown that the new solution obtained using a Geroch transformation will automatically satisfy the required boundary conditions if these are satisfied by the initial solution .
it has already been shown that the new solution obtained using a geroch transformation will automatically satisfy the required boundary conditions if these are satisfied by the [first] solution .

In this case , it can also be seen that the new and initial solutions have the same singularity structure .
in this case , it can also be seen that the new and [first] solutions have the same singularity structure .

Ideally , one would like to be able to specify the particular solution corresponding to an arbitrary set of initial conditions .
ideally , one would like to be able to specify the particular solution corresponding to an arbitrary set of [first] conditions .

The initial attempts at the solution of this problem are mentioned in the next chapter .
the [first] attempts at the solution of this problem are mentioned in the next chapter .

The initial data
the [first] data

In practice , however , things are a little more complicated since it is normal to make use of the transformation ( 6.7 ) to put in these initial regions .
in practice , however , things are a little more complicated since it is normal to make use of the transformation ( 6.7 ) to put in these [first] regions .

Accordingly , it is therefore more convenient to use the transformation ( 6.7 ) in the initial regions to put ( 14.2 ) where the constants and are essential in order to retain the continuity properties of the functions f and g across the boundaries and .
accordingly , it is therefore more convenient to use the transformation ( 6.7 ) in the [first] regions to put ( 14.2 ) where the constants and are essential in order to retain the continuity properties of the functions f and g across the boundaries and .

In this case , the data specifying the initial waves is now given by on , and by on .
in this case , the data specifying the [first] waves is now given by on , and by on .

In fact their approach is based on the solution ( 10.8 ) , which may be re-expressed in the form ( 14.8 ) for suitable functions and which must depend on the initial data .
in fact their approach is based on the solution ( 10.8 ) , which may be re-expressed in the form ( 14.8 ) for suitable functions and which must depend on the [first] data .

An interesting feature of the method is that the functions and are obtained in terms of the prescribed initial data by solving generalized versions of Abel 's integral equation for the tautochrone problem of classical particle mechanics .
an interesting feature of the method is that the functions and are obtained in terms of the prescribed [first] data by solving generalized versions of abel 's integral equation for the tautochrone problem of classical particle mechanics .

However , the techniques are still difficult to use in practice for arbitrary initial data .
however , the techniques are still difficult to use in practice for arbitrary [first] data .

The initial data have already been described in Section 14.1 .
the [first] data have already been described in section 14.1 .

Accordingly , the line elements in the initial regions may be taken in the forms of ( 4.19 ) and ( 4.20 ) , namely ( 15.3 ) The initial-value problem is now well set , and it remains to find the unique solution in the interaction region .
accordingly , the line elements in the [first] regions may be taken in the forms of ( 4.19 ) and ( 4.20 ) , namely ( 15.3 ) the initial-value problem is now well set , and it remains to find the unique solution in the interaction region .

Chandrasekhar and Xanthopoulos ( 1988 ) have also considered perturbations in the initial regions which contain the approaching waves .
chandrasekhar and xanthopoulos ( 1988 ) have also considered perturbations in the [first] regions which contain the approaching waves .

Three of the initial four wordings mentioned by Gaius could be so described : rogo , peto , and volo all have the flavour of a wish of the deceased communicated to the trustee .
three of the [first] four wordings mentioned by gaius could be so described : rogo , peto , and volo all have the flavour of a wish of the deceased communicated to the trustee .

The picture which emerges is not of a remedy in rem in the sense of an initial action granted against third parties in possession of the property under trust ; instead the missio was a means of execution against third parties which was available following a normal action in personam .
the picture which emerges is not of a remedy in rem in the sense of an [first] action granted against third parties in possession of the property under trust ; instead the missio was a means of execution against third parties which was available following a normal action in personam .

Telnitz is some way ahead of you ; we expect the forces there to take the initial impact of the assault .
telnitz is some way ahead of you ; we expect the forces there to take the [first] impact of the assault .

Step 1 : the initial research idea
step 1 : the [first] research idea

Step 2 : relating the initial idea to current knowledge
step 2 : relating the [first] idea to current knowledge

The initial idea must be put into a theoretical context and we must find out what work has already been done in our area of interest .
the [first] idea must be put into a theoretical context and we must find out what work has already been done in our area of interest .

The initial hypothesis suggested above about baptism being more a social than a religious ceremony is so general and broad that it obviously can not be tested without being broken down into its constituent parts .
the [first] hypothesis suggested above about baptism being more a social than a religious ceremony is so general and broad that it obviously can not be tested without being broken down into its constituent parts .

With all these suggestions we are putting forward minor hypotheses which we would like to test , because added together they will give us answers to our initial broad hypothesis about baptism .
with all these suggestions we are putting forward minor hypotheses which we would like to test , because added together they will give us answers to our [first] broad hypothesis about baptism .

In market research what are called focus groups are sometimes used for initial exploratory discussions on new brands or new packaging under quasi-laboratory conditions .
in market research what are called focus groups are sometimes used for [first] exploratory discussions on new brands or new packaging under quasi-laboratory conditions .

However , it must be remembered that these groups work best at the initial stages of research when concepts still have to be clarified ; they can never replace a properly constituted sample .
however , it must be remembered that these groups work best at the [first] stages of research when concepts still have to be clarified ; they can never replace a properly constituted sample .

After initial observations , perhaps participant observation , perhaps the use of focus groups and so on , the researcher worker may well end up carrying out a full social survey of a systematic kind .
after [first] observations , perhaps participant observation , perhaps the use of focus groups and so on , the researcher worker may well end up carrying out a full social survey of a systematic kind .

Let us try to consider , from both sides , what is needed to move from this initial confrontation to a successfully completed interview .
let us try to consider , from both sides , what is needed to move from this [first] confrontation to a successfully completed interview .

Practise this initial letting go .
practise this [first] letting go .

It was a process studded with ritual — from the initial parade , the displays of truncheon and Beat Book , in a curious combination of coercion and submission , to the final signing-off in a weary station-house or bridewell .
it was a process studded with ritual — from the [first] parade , the displays of truncheon and beat book , in a curious combination of coercion and submission , to the final signing-off in a weary station-house or bridewell .

If you have an older keyboard , keys illustrated below with initial capitals may be all in capitals .
if you have an older keyboard , keys illustrated below with [first] capitals may be all in capitals .

( Eg if ‘ Painting ’ existed in the document and the search text : was ‘ paint ’ , the ‘ Paint ’ in ‘ Painting ’ would be selected even though it has an initial capital and is part of another word . )
( eg if ‘ painting ’ existed in the document and the search text : was ‘ paint ’ , the ‘ paint ’ in ‘ painting ’ would be selected even though it has an [first] capital and is part of another word . )

The assistant may also be required to initial the cheque and/or the till roll .
the assistant may also be required to [first] the cheque and/or the till roll .

After the initial two years exposure of the pellets , the bones were indistinguishable from those from the main pellet collection .
after the [first] two years exposure of the pellets , the bones were indistinguishable from those from the main pellet collection .

In many instances , pellet formation is stimulated by the availability of the next meal ( Chitty , 1938 ) , with the previous meal being regurgitated even if not fully digested in order to leave room for the next and in this case it seems likely that the initial level of pH would be higher than normal .
in many instances , pellet formation is stimulated by the availability of the next meal ( chitty , 1938 ) , with the previous meal being regurgitated even if not fully digested in order to leave room for the next and in this case it seems likely that the [first] level of ph would be higher than normal .

Mr Cyril Stayley was the initial foreman of this shop and he established and laid out the system of repair .
mr cyril stayley was the [first] foreman of this shop and he established and laid out the system of repair .

Vehicles for repair were first placed in the initial examination bay , this activity occupying three rows in the top paint shop .
vehicles for repair were first placed in the [first] examination bay , this activity occupying three rows in the top paint shop .

He appeared in all but the initial match of 1919–20 to make the left-back position his own , and then in every one of the 3rd Division championship seasons of 1920–21 .
he appeared in all but the [first] match of 1919–20 to make the left-back position his own , and then in every one of the 3rd division championship seasons of 1920–21 .

She quickly learned to swim but because of her small size had some initial problems with buoyancy and kept bobbing to the surface like a cork !
she quickly learned to swim but because of her small size had some [first] problems with buoyancy and kept bobbing to the surface like a cork !

Applicants are attached to a voluntary business advisor in their own area who will assist them with their initial business plan .
applicants are attached to a voluntary business advisor in their own area who will assist them with their [first] business plan .

It is true that the initial rhetoric of the statutory curriculum , with its emphasis on keystages and age-related testing , appeared to confirm the traditional belief that pupils have of necessity to be taken through their learning like an army in the field , moving in step through the year group fronts .
it is true that the [first] rhetoric of the statutory curriculum , with its emphasis on keystages and age-related testing , appeared to confirm the traditional belief that pupils have of necessity to be taken through their learning like an army in the field , moving in step through the year group fronts .

Remember — you ca n't lose ! The full amount of your initial investment plus bonuses is guaranteed to be returned to you on completion of the five year term — and of course you could see a healthy return on your investment due to stock market growth during this time .
remember — you ca n't lose ! the full amount of your [first] investment plus bonuses is guaranteed to be returned to you on completion of the five year term — and of course you could see a healthy return on your investment due to stock market growth during this time .

If the anticipated maturity proceeds after five years are £15,000 for an initial premium ( including any bonus allocations ) of £10,000 , then the following amounts will be paid to you :
if the anticipated maturity proceeds after five years are £15,000 for an [first] premium ( including any bonus allocations ) of £10,000 , then the following amounts will be paid to you :

The credit for founding the College goes to the Odiham Agricultural Society , but , as so often happens , it was the demands of war that gave the College the initial impetus .
the credit for founding the college goes to the odiham agricultural society , but , as so often happens , it was the demands of war that gave the college the [first] impetus .

The initial defects of his system , depending on the introduction of fresh air at a high level and its extraction at a low level , were corrected by Karkeek of Truro .
the [first] defects of his system , depending on the introduction of fresh air at a high level and its extraction at a low level , were corrected by karkeek of truro .

The initial and on-going commitment by the school 's Governors and management team , demonstrated by the provision of resources and an organisational framework which facilitates and encourages activity is an essential feature in the establishment of a partnership .
the [first] and on-going commitment by the school 's governors and management team , demonstrated by the provision of resources and an organisational framework which facilitates and encourages activity is an essential feature in the establishment of a partnership .

For integration to be achieved it is important that the concept of teacher placement is introduced into the early years of teaching , as part both of the initial training and as induction into the local business community in the first teaching post .
for integration to be achieved it is important that the concept of teacher placement is introduced into the early years of teaching , as part both of the [first] training and as induction into the local business community in the first teaching post .

Higher education institutions and their research institutes are clear candidates for partnership ( and initial links are already being made ) .
higher education institutions and their research institutes are clear candidates for partnership ( and [first] links are already being made ) .

The guiding line of St William 's initial panorama is that the beginning of the decade of the 1990s marks off a new era .
the guiding line of st william 's [first] panorama is that the beginning of the decade of the 1990s marks off a new era .

Initial judgements are formed about whether the other person is friendly or unfriendly , confident or timid , trustworthy or untrustworthy , nice or nasty .
[first] judgements are formed about whether the other person is friendly or unfriendly , confident or timid , trustworthy or untrustworthy , nice or nasty .

an initial benefit statement to catch the interest of the other person
an [first] benefit statement to catch the interest of the other person

The initial benefit statement .
the [first] benefit statement .

Despite its initial plausibility , however , this approach has the main disadvantage that the ultimate end — if it is there at all — tends rather too easily to get lost in the detail of policy .
despite its [first] plausibility , however , this approach has the main disadvantage that the ultimate end — if it is there at all — tends rather too easily to get lost in the detail of policy .

The nature of these changes , then , can be seen as some confirmation that the trends identified by Dearlove were genuine enough , but that working them through has taken much longer to achieve and involved much more upheaval than his initial analysis would have suggested .
the nature of these changes , then , can be seen as some confirmation that the trends identified by dearlove were genuine enough , but that working them through has taken much longer to achieve and involved much more upheaval than his [first] analysis would have suggested .

In its initial year the new department spent a great deal of time and energy intervening in the private sector to try to save jobs , especially in the cutlery and engineering sectors .
in its [first] year the new department spent a great deal of time and energy intervening in the private sector to try to save jobs , especially in the cutlery and engineering sectors .

However , after initial strides towards the achievement of this objective , progress faltered — and even reversed , as some member states in the 1970s took advantage of the safeguard provisions of the Treaty of Rome to introduce restrictions on capital transactions which had already , in principle , been liberated .
however , after [first] strides towards the achievement of this objective , progress faltered — and even reversed , as some member states in the 1970s took advantage of the safeguard provisions of the treaty of rome to introduce restrictions on capital transactions which had already , in principle , been liberated .

That said , the offeror may get around these limited exceptions by revising its initial bid .
that said , the offeror may get around these limited exceptions by revising its [first] bid .

As we leave the womb , enter the world and grow , and get over the initial wonder of walking , we change our pre-natal wheelchair for a series of substitute wheelchairs — bicycles , motor-cycles , cars , taxis , buses , trains , aeroplanes — and chairs ( in houses , schools , offices ; anywhere where people gather and sit ) .
as we leave the womb , enter the world and grow , and get over the [first] wonder of walking , we change our pre-natal wheelchair for a series of substitute wheelchairs — bicycles , motor-cycles , cars , taxis , buses , trains , aeroplanes — and chairs ( in houses , schools , offices ; anywhere where people gather and sit ) .

Such withering disapproval had curled those drooping lips after her initial consternation , and Nahum was so inwardly uncomfortable he forgot to consider Sarah 's feelings .
such withering disapproval had curled those drooping lips after her [first] consternation , and nahum was so inwardly uncomfortable he forgot to consider sarah 's feelings .

The initial study was carried out as the practical project for my MSc course in 1987 .
the [first] study was carried out as the practical project for my msc course in 1987 .

When tested on the data from a further 9 boards , repaired since the initial data was collected , the resulting expert system correctly identified the faulty component on two thirds of the occasions and indicated the correct area on the remaining one third .
when tested on the data from a further 9 boards , repaired since the [first] data was collected , the resulting expert system correctly identified the faulty component on two thirds of the occasions and indicated the correct area on the remaining one third .

Initial selection in such cases is by the eye of an experienced judge who will pick out only those he knows have a fair weight .
[first] selection in such cases is by the eye of an experienced judge who will pick out only those he knows have a fair weight .

If proper security valves , which close after initial pressure is dissipated , had been used the pollution would have been much less , says Moeri .
if proper security valves , which close after [first] pressure is dissipated , had been used the pollution would have been much less , says moeri .

Nor is kin selection the only force promoting cooperation in lions ; but it can amplify the initial advantage of being in a group .
nor is kin selection the only force promoting cooperation in lions ; but it can amplify the [first] advantage of being in a group .

Perhaps it is because a predator is able to find and eat relatively large numbers of aposematic prey in a short space of time , and that the high initial rate of feeding produces a more powerful reinforcement than a greater number of prey eaten over a longer period .
perhaps it is because a predator is able to find and eat relatively large numbers of aposematic prey in a short space of time , and that the high [first] rate of feeding produces a more powerful reinforcement than a greater number of prey eaten over a longer period .

Acyclovir is a specifically anti-viral drug because the enzymes of normal healthy cells can not efficiently perform the initial phosphate addition achieved by the viral enzyme .
acyclovir is a specifically anti-viral drug because the enzymes of normal healthy cells can not efficiently perform the [first] phosphate addition achieved by the viral enzyme .

It would be a brave private investor who would put up the huge initial capital or loans for what is , at the best of times , a high-risk , long-term investment when there is a prospect of long , drawn-out proceedings in the International Court of Justice — and even of a moratorium on activity .
it would be a brave private investor who would put up the huge [first] capital or loans for what is , at the best of times , a high-risk , long-term investment when there is a prospect of long , drawn-out proceedings in the international court of justice — and even of a moratorium on activity .

Until now it has been thought that interferon can do little to prevent the initial entry of viruses into a cell .
until now it has been thought that interferon can do little to prevent the [first] entry of viruses into a cell .

The programme was continued both under Sir Keith Joseph ( though he had some initial misgivings ) and Patrick Jenkin .
the programme was continued both under sir keith joseph ( though he had some [first] misgivings ) and patrick jenkin .

Reaumur went to live in Paris at the beginning of the 18th century and his initial contact with the academie came through an interest in mathematics .
reaumur went to live in paris at the beginning of the 18th century and his [first] contact with the academie came through an interest in mathematics .

Clark then wrote up the experiment , which appeared to confirm his initial brainwave , and submitted it to Nature .
clark then wrote up the experiment , which appeared to confirm his [first] brainwave , and submitted it to nature .

The initial concept for the Flydaway envisages carriages carrying 5 , 12 , or 20 people .
the [first] concept for the flydaway envisages carriages carrying 5 , 12 , or 20 people .

With a higher initial investment many of the most attractive species , such as buddleia , Michaelmas daisy , tansy , feverfew ( Chrysanthemum parthenium ) , and evening primrose , which are easy to manipulate , could be introduced in drifts .
with a higher [first] investment many of the most attractive species , such as buddleia , michaelmas daisy , tansy , feverfew ( chrysanthemum parthenium ) , and evening primrose , which are easy to manipulate , could be introduced in drifts .

This figure lies on the high side of our initial estimate but two factors must be borne in mind .
this figure lies on the high side of our [first] estimate but two factors must be borne in mind .

The cruise missile , 6.4 m long and weighing 1207 kg at the start of its flight , steadily drones at 880 km/hr toward what is called the initial timing control point .
the cruise missile , 6.4 m long and weighing 1207 kg at the start of its flight , steadily drones at 880 km/hr toward what is called the [first] timing control point .

Using this information stored in its electronic brain , the cruise missile descends from the initial timing control point to as little as 15 m above the Earth 's surface ( so avoiding radar interception ) and sets course for its target .
using this information stored in its electronic brain , the cruise missile descends from the [first] timing control point to as little as 15 m above the earth 's surface ( so avoiding radar interception ) and sets course for its target .

The threat from land-based medium-range Soviet weapons did not begin with the initial siting of the SS-20s in 1977 .
the threat from land-based medium-range soviet weapons did not begin with the [first] siting of the ss-20s in 1977 .

Moreover , the initial ‘ whistle-blowers ’ came from both groups .
moreover , the [first] ‘ whistle-blowers ’ came from both groups .

One estimate puts the cost of planting a 15-metre wide belt of trees on both sides of the road and initial maintenance at £15000/km .
one estimate puts the cost of planting a 15-metre wide belt of trees on both sides of the road and [first] maintenance at £15000/km .

However , Eddy 's initial claims quickly turned out to be overstating the case .
however , eddy 's [first] claims quickly turned out to be overstating the case .

Aghast when the news first struck with its initial shattering impact , psychiatrists quickly rallied , closed ranks , adapted very well , and conducted their own surveys , which unfortunately only confirmed Eysenck 's mordant findings .
aghast when the news first struck with its [first] shattering impact , psychiatrists quickly rallied , closed ranks , adapted very well , and conducted their own surveys , which unfortunately only confirmed eysenck 's mordant findings .

He called such hilltops ‘ initial points ’ and found that holy wells sometimes fulfilled this function too .
he called such hilltops ‘ [first] points ’ and found that holy wells sometimes fulfilled this function too .

First , over the initial half of the game , the human builds up an overwhelming position .
first , over the [first] half of the game , the human builds up an overwhelming position .

Although many parasites can probably attack a variety of related species in the initial development of the relationship , the parasite fine tunes its metabolism as the symbiosis progresses and may eventually adapt to a single species of the host .
although many parasites can probably attack a variety of related species in the [first] development of the relationship , the parasite fine tunes its metabolism as the symbiosis progresses and may eventually adapt to a single species of the host .

As a result of the instability and interactions , the pattern rapidly loses any detailed memory of its initial state .
as a result of the instability and interactions , the pattern rapidly loses any detailed memory of its [first] state .

The initial prejudice against science , for all or any of the above reasons , does not in itself lead to hatred .
the [first] prejudice against science , for all or any of the above reasons , does not in itself lead to hatred .

However , our initial policy of focusing on some of the growth areas ( the usual fashionable claptrap as one outspoken senior professor described it ) was a source of constant nagging doubt .
however , our [first] policy of focusing on some of the growth areas ( the usual fashionable claptrap as one outspoken senior professor described it ) was a source of constant nagging doubt .

Initial tests of Mainsborne have revealed one problem : at times the electrical noise on the mains is so intense that the signals fail to arrive .
[first] tests of mainsborne have revealed one problem : at times the electrical noise on the mains is so intense that the signals fail to arrive .

The initial pouring had partly cooled before another crucible was added , leaving a crack around the base .
the [first] pouring had partly cooled before another crucible was added , leaving a crack around the base .

Again , in discussing punctuated equilibria ( much or the initial impact of which depended on the assertion that Darwin had got things wrong ) it is not until after several pages that we are told ‘ It is at this stage entertaining to realise ’ that Darwin ‘ anticipated the present debate ’ .
again , in discussing punctuated equilibria ( much or the [first] impact of which depended on the assertion that darwin had got things wrong ) it is not until after several pages that we are told ‘ it is at this stage entertaining to realise ’ that darwin ‘ anticipated the present debate ’ .

The initial aim of the Institute at Buea has been to assemble reliable information on the most appropriate way of preparing pupils and school leavers for integration into the life and work of communities .
the [first] aim of the institute at buea has been to assemble reliable information on the most appropriate way of preparing pupils and school leavers for integration into the life and work of communities .

For rapid changes are taking place in the structure and content of teacher education and , with it , a massive increase in part-time school-based schemes for initial and further training together with a more extensive use of ‘ sandwich ’ type training especially for higher grades of teachers .
for rapid changes are taking place in the structure and content of teacher education and , with it , a massive increase in part-time school-based schemes for [first] and further training together with a more extensive use of ‘ sandwich ’ type training especially for higher grades of teachers .

In these they were subject to varying degrees of revision and improvement , yet retained a number of the shortcomings resulting from their initial hurried drafts .
in these they were subject to varying degrees of revision and improvement , yet retained a number of the shortcomings resulting from their [first] hurried drafts .

In both the first stages of the African Mathematics Programmes and the Regional Programmes which followed it , very considerable investment was made in both initial and in-service teacher training and international ‘ Institutes ’ designed to promote a cadre of university staff , teacher trainers and inspectors capable of carrying the momentum of the project .
in both the first stages of the african mathematics programmes and the regional programmes which followed it , very considerable investment was made in both [first] and in-service teacher training and international ‘ institutes ’ designed to promote a cadre of university staff , teacher trainers and inspectors capable of carrying the momentum of the project .

The result was therefore an initial policy towards curriculum planning which separated curriculum development from its implementation in schools and which ensured a rapid , but perhaps unnatural , growth , of new ideas and new materials .
the result was therefore an [first] policy towards curriculum planning which separated curriculum development from its implementation in schools and which ensured a rapid , but perhaps unnatural , growth , of new ideas and new materials .

In some countries University Institutes did not assume such initial importance in curriculum development .
in some countries university institutes did not assume such [first] importance in curriculum development .

In either case the initial statement is merely the beginning of a long road .
in either case the [first] statement is merely the beginning of a long road .

The initial emphasis of the project was therefore linguistic and , clinically examined , it might have appeared that to carry on with current curricula , making the change of language policy the only variable , would have made for more easily comparable results .
the [first] emphasis of the project was therefore linguistic and , clinically examined , it might have appeared that to carry on with current curricula , making the change of language policy the only variable , would have made for more easily comparable results .

An initial memorandum from the Chief Education Officer elaborates the policy :
an [first] memorandum from the chief education officer elaborates the policy :

‘ At this initial stage the priority is to help teachers to adopt more enlightened approaches to learning .
‘ at this [first] stage the priority is to help teachers to adopt more enlightened approaches to learning .

There is also an indication that certain countries , particularly Kenya and Ghana are becoming increasingly prepared to recognise more languages as media for the initial years of formal education .
there is also an indication that certain countries , particularly kenya and ghana are becoming increasingly prepared to recognise more languages as media for the [first] years of formal education .

One initial difficulty is that effective communication is just not one of the strong points in African systems of education .
one [first] difficulty is that effective communication is just not one of the strong points in african systems of education .

Certainly whenever the researchers arrived to arrange their initial series of interviews , several potential interviewees met their request for an interview with queries as to whether we were going to look at ‘ how the incomers/Shetlanders are mixing with Shetlander/incomers ’ .
certainly whenever the researchers arrived to arrange their [first] series of interviews , several potential interviewees met their request for an interview with queries as to whether we were going to look at ‘ how the incomers/shetlanders are mixing with shetlander/incomers ’ .

Their initial closure decision was made on three grounds , according to the minutes : the expected financial savings of about £3,000 ; consideration of the good condition and underused capacity of the school building at Green Haven , as opposed to the poor condition of the older building at Village ( whose toilet facilities were located in an out-building at the school ) ; and the Director 's feeling that the ‘ educational situation ’ would be better at Green Haven .
their [first] closure decision was made on three grounds , according to the minutes : the expected financial savings of about £3,000 ; consideration of the good condition and underused capacity of the school building at green haven , as opposed to the poor condition of the older building at village ( whose toilet facilities were located in an out-building at the school ) ; and the director 's feeling that the ‘ educational situation ’ would be better at green haven .

My initial assumption is that any given member of any given society makes some distinction between his immediate social environment and that which is outside it .
my [first] assumption is that any given member of any given society makes some distinction between his immediate social environment and that which is outside it .

Very soon , however , it was realised that the fall of rock was so extensive that it would take weeks to reach John and , naturally , the initial urgency waned .
very soon , however , it was realised that the fall of rock was so extensive that it would take weeks to reach john and , naturally , the [first] urgency waned .

However , as far as Judaism is concerned , there must have been some indication of inherent righteousness within it which made it desirable to people who were not born Jews , and the arrival of a form which seemed to satisfy that inexorable need for a ‘ god ’ , and which was available to all , gave Christianity its initial impetus .
however , as far as judaism is concerned , there must have been some indication of inherent righteousness within it which made it desirable to people who were not born jews , and the arrival of a form which seemed to satisfy that inexorable need for a ‘ god ’ , and which was available to all , gave christianity its [first] impetus .

Thus it was , that at some momentous point in the immensity of time there came into being three initial units which can be taken as the true beginning of the story of earthly life .
thus it was , that at some momentous point in the immensity of time there came into being three [first] units which can be taken as the true beginning of the story of earthly life .

The reader may find that the continuing story of evolution in this Second Period , gradually strengthens his original tentative acceptance of the initial premise that the Created God of this book started with a unit of evolutionary ‘ goodness ’ .
the reader may find that the continuing story of evolution in this second period , gradually strengthens his original tentative acceptance of the [first] premise that the created god of this book started with a unit of evolutionary ‘ goodness ’ .

The ‘ joie de vivre ’ then , observable in the very young , could well be the logical outcome of the satisfying of the initial unit of ‘ desire ’ .
the ‘ joie de vivre ’ then , observable in the very young , could well be the logical outcome of the satisfying of the [first] unit of ‘ desire ’ .

Only speculation is possible in offering a reason for the initial action , which could be described as the first rite .
only speculation is possible in offering a reason for the [first] action , which could be described as the first rite .

If the withholding of manifestations of parental love is used as a first measure of initial disciplining , then it must be remembered that the measure of the distress necessary to be imposed , need be very small indeed if the imposition is started early enough .
if the withholding of manifestations of parental love is used as a first measure of [first] disciplining , then it must be remembered that the measure of the distress necessary to be imposed , need be very small indeed if the imposition is started early enough .

The competent and experienced reader can overcome an initial resistance to an author with irritating mannerisms ; the young reader probably needs to feel sympathy or empathy in order to engage with an author .
the competent and experienced reader can overcome an [first] resistance to an author with irritating mannerisms ; the young reader probably needs to feel sympathy or empathy in order to engage with an author .

Although one may feel an initial resistance to the bases of psychoanalysis , it clearly provides a unique means of examining the emotional impact of children 's books .
although one may feel an [first] resistance to the bases of psychoanalysis , it clearly provides a unique means of examining the emotional impact of children 's books .

This section is mainly concerned with the initial stages of rising capital for Eurotunnel but in recent months there have been growing doubts about the financial viability of the project .
this section is mainly concerned with the [first] stages of rising capital for eurotunnel but in recent months there have been growing doubts about the financial viability of the project .

Eurotunnel 's advertising campaign has been highly successful in overcoming initial scepticism among those who believed that the project would meet the same fate as its predecessors .
eurotunnel 's advertising campaign has been highly successful in overcoming [first] scepticism among those who believed that the project would meet the same fate as its predecessors .

The educational history of the surveying profession began around 1881 ; after the granting of the Charter in 1868 , an initial examination structure was developed in 1880 which proved to be remarkably durable and apposite , surviving almost intact until 1932 .
the educational history of the surveying profession began around 1881 ; after the granting of the charter in 1868 , an [first] examination structure was developed in 1880 which proved to be remarkably durable and apposite , surviving almost intact until 1932 .

This means making representations at the initial draft stage , when public comment is sought , and going through what is effectively a planning appeal if the first comments are ignored and a formal objection has to be lodged .
this means making representations at the [first] draft stage , when public comment is sought , and going through what is effectively a planning appeal if the first comments are ignored and a formal objection has to be lodged .

It is in fact correct that in the initial year of Marx 's first scheme and also .
it is in fact correct that in the [first] year of marx 's first scheme and also .

The fact that such increased production capacity is the result of replacement is of no immediate consequence , since that capacity may not be used fully in the initial production period .
the fact that such increased production capacity is the result of replacement is of no immediate consequence , since that capacity may not be used fully in the [first] production period .

The decision to create a socialist economy and the consequences that flow from that can not be placed upon the same level as the results of unconscious decisions and actions ( at the macro level ) which result in equilibrium for a commodity-capitalist economy , since the later is post hoc , whilst the former is the result of the initial decision to build a socialist economy .
the decision to create a socialist economy and the consequences that flow from that can not be placed upon the same level as the results of unconscious decisions and actions ( at the macro level ) which result in equilibrium for a commodity-capitalist economy , since the later is post hoc , whilst the former is the result of the [first] decision to build a socialist economy .

In a word , the past year , especially , has confronted us with the problem of ‘ our crises ’ , which are the result of the initial stages of a transition economy in a country with a backward , petty-bourgeois population and surrounded by hostile forces .
in a word , the past year , especially , has confronted us with the problem of ‘ our crises ’ , which are the result of the [first] stages of a transition economy in a country with a backward , petty-bourgeois population and surrounded by hostile forces .

The third model is the ‘ American ’ one , the almost complete absence of feudal relations , ‘ free ’ land , in the initial stages of development , no absolute ground rent , well-to-do farmers and a large home market for industry .
the third model is the ‘ american ’ one , the almost complete absence of feudal relations , ‘ free ’ land , in the [first] stages of development , no absolute ground rent , well-to-do farmers and a large home market for industry .

And , it could be argued , the lower the initial level of consumption by producers the greater will be the link between productivity and consumption .
and , it could be argued , the lower the [first] level of consumption by producers the greater will be the link between productivity and consumption .

After his initial discovery of the Primary Control , Alexander also noticed that when he was able to prevent tension from building up in his neck muscles , then the hoarseness in his voice decreased accordingly .
after his [first] discovery of the primary control , alexander also noticed that when he was able to prevent tension from building up in his neck muscles , then the hoarseness in his voice decreased accordingly .

Although the initial injury he had received had healed in a relatively short period of time , he had been left with a pain in his left knee ; this was aggravated whenever he put pressure on the joint concerned , as in walking or even just standing .
although the [first] injury he had received had healed in a relatively short period of time , he had been left with a pain in his left knee ; this was aggravated whenever he put pressure on the joint concerned , as in walking or even just standing .

By inhibiting our initial instinctive action we have the choice to make entirely different decisions .
by inhibiting our [first] instinctive action we have the choice to make entirely different decisions .

The number of lessons will vary from pupil to pupil , depending on their initial level of balance and coordination .
the number of lessons will vary from pupil to pupil , depending on their [first] level of balance and coordination .

After the initial course it is advisable to have an occasional lesson every so often as a reminder and a check that you are not falling into any bad habits without realizing it .
after the [first] course it is advisable to have an occasional lesson every so often as a reminder and a check that you are not falling into any bad habits without realizing it .

There are many species , though , which with a little initial research can be easily reared by conscientious amateurs .
there are many species , though , which with a little [first] research can be easily reared by conscientious amateurs .

Despite initial remonstrations , Ford is going along with the insurance industry 's grouping of the XR3i .
despite [first] remonstrations , ford is going along with the insurance industry 's grouping of the xr3i .

The initial deposit required by Porsche is 15 per cent of the car 's retail price , not 20 per cent as originally stated .
the [first] deposit required by porsche is 15 per cent of the car 's retail price , not 20 per cent as originally stated .

Triangle still needed to raise £15,000 for the final building work , and a further £15,000 for the coffee bar 's initial operational costs .
triangle still needed to raise £15,000 for the final building work , and a further £15,000 for the coffee bar 's [first] operational costs .

Most will privately confess to an initial sense of utter bewilderment , but necessity will drive them to adapt to their new way of life .
most will privately confess to an [first] sense of utter bewilderment , but necessity will drive them to adapt to their new way of life .

Eventually , the third goal arrived , Bogaers made the initial run and Patel showed mature coolness as he slipped the ball beneath the prostrate 'keeper .
eventually , the third goal arrived , bogaers made the [first] run and patel showed mature coolness as he slipped the ball beneath the prostrate 'keeper .

Her initial nerves had all gone now although it still felt strange to be on a catwalk rather than the carpeted floor of the room at the Grand Hotel .
her [first] nerves had all gone now although it still felt strange to be on a catwalk rather than the carpeted floor of the room at the grand hotel .

His initial appointment is for 5 years .
his [first] appointment is for 5 years .

The big obstacle to Britain gaining the gold medal was the Russian favourite Aleksandr Yevgeniev , a man who had set a world best earlier in the season and who had beaten Mafe at the initial World Indoor Games in the Palais Omnisports de Paris-Bercy one year before to win the gold medal .
the big obstacle to britain gaining the gold medal was the russian favourite aleksandr yevgeniev , a man who had set a world best earlier in the season and who had beaten mafe at the [first] world indoor games in the palais omnisports de paris-bercy one year before to win the gold medal .

Following his initial vision , Watkins worked quickly and with enthusiasm , fuelled by the stored experiences of over fifty years .
following his [first] vision , watkins worked quickly and with enthusiasm , fuelled by the stored experiences of over fifty years .

In the initial phase of the project this proved impossible , in terms of equipment and volunteers , but was remedied to some extent later by Operation Merlin , whereby intensive efforts provided round-the-clock monitoring for periods of a month at a time .
in the [first] phase of the project this proved impossible , in terms of equipment and volunteers , but was remedied to some extent later by operation merlin , whereby intensive efforts provided round-the-clock monitoring for periods of a month at a time .

This seems to be the case with reported visions of the Virgin Mary , identification of whom usually occurs after the initial vision , which is frequently by children , outdoors , at springs or streams .
this seems to be the case with reported visions of the virgin mary , identification of whom usually occurs after the [first] vision , which is frequently by children , outdoors , at springs or streams .

My initial reaction to this ‘ live ’ recording of Mahler 5 was to question how far Seiji Ozawa really identifies with this work .
my [first] reaction to this ‘ live ’ recording of mahler 5 was to question how far seiji ozawa really identifies with this work .

‘ My initial job was washing up .
‘ my [first] job was washing up .

Its initial investment includes finance for the new Ford Cellular Airtime Operations Centre in Swindon .
its [first] investment includes finance for the new ford cellular airtime operations centre in swindon .

‘ There is an initial wariness , ’ she says .
‘ there is an [first] wariness , ’ she says .

’ There is also initial reluctance to spare more than an hour , though experience shows that interviewees will find time for three or four more sessions .
’ there is also [first] reluctance to spare more than an hour , though experience shows that interviewees will find time for three or four more sessions .

If you have symptoms that you think may be caused by food intolerance you should not feel affronted if the doctor 's initial questions seem rather personal and irrelevant to the aches and pains being suffered .
if you have symptoms that you think may be caused by food intolerance you should not feel affronted if the doctor 's [first] questions seem rather personal and irrelevant to the aches and pains being suffered .

However , the initial products of the enzyme reactions are sometimes more toxic than the original chemical .
however , the [first] products of the enzyme reactions are sometimes more toxic than the original chemical .

Because the chemical is being dealt with in the liver , the toxic intermediates ( the initial products of the biotransformation reaction ) accumulate there .
because the chemical is being dealt with in the liver , the toxic intermediates ( the [first] products of the biotransformation reaction ) accumulate there .

Quite often , the initial response to nystatin is severe and unpleasant , but this is not usually a reaction to the drug itself .
quite often , the [first] response to nystatin is severe and unpleasant , but this is not usually a reaction to the drug itself .

One possibility is that the colic represents an initial ‘ crisis ’ reaction as the child is exposed to large amounts of cow's-milk or other foreign proteins .
one possibility is that the colic represents an [first] ‘ crisis ’ reaction as the child is exposed to large amounts of cow's-milk or other foreign proteins .

Try giving smaller , more frequent feeds as an initial step — if the baby has slight difficulties with lactose ( see above ) then this may be the answer .
try giving smaller , more frequent feeds as an [first] step — if the baby has slight difficulties with lactose ( see above ) then this may be the answer .

Most children recover within a week or two on the initial stages of the diet , but others take up to three weeks .
most children recover within a week or two on the [first] stages of the diet , but others take up to three weeks .

You have to spend years and years working off the initial residue of suspicion and diffidence before you 're even out of the red , let alone seeing any positive return for your efforts .
you have to spend years and years working off the [first] residue of suspicion and diffidence before you 're even out of the red , let alone seeing any positive return for your efforts .

By the time we worked it loose and got aboard again , Dennis 's initial fit had passed , but he was still adamant that he wanted to get as far as the Thames .
by the time we worked it loose and got aboard again , dennis 's [first] fit had passed , but he was still adamant that he wanted to get as far as the thames .

Companies who want to register will have to complete an initial environmental review of activities to collect baseline data , develop a formal environmental management system and periodically submit an externally verified environmental statement to be lodged with a competent body established by each member state .
companies who want to register will have to complete an [first] environmental review of activities to collect baseline data , develop a formal environmental management system and periodically submit an externally verified environmental statement to be lodged with a competent body established by each member state .

Dow announced a 32 per cent fall in net profits in 1991 , to $ 935m , including a non-taxable gain of $ 213m for the initial public sale of Destec Energy stock , but this was offset by a $ 370m special charge .
dow announced a 32 per cent fall in net profits in 1991 , to $ 935m , including a non-taxable gain of $ 213m for the [first] public sale of destec energy stock , but this was offset by a $ 370m special charge .

DoE might be prepared to provide money for the initial cost of investigating polluted sites .
doe might be prepared to provide money for the [first] cost of investigating polluted sites .

The advantage of these ionomers is that the initial setting process , by photochemical polymerisation , gives the cement good early protection against attack by moisture .
the advantage of these ionomers is that the [first] setting process , by photochemical polymerisation , gives the cement good early protection against attack by moisture .

The surface microenvironment could not only influence initial immobilisation and orientation , but also antibody conformation and effectiveness .
the surface microenvironment could not only influence [first] immobilisation and orientation , but also antibody conformation and effectiveness .

The mechanism of the process is brought about by the initial ionisation of water and the subsequent production of free radicals .
the mechanism of the process is brought about by the [first] ionisation of water and the subsequent production of free radicals .

Once the initial fright had subsided more and more of the children started to return and , apart from constant air-raid warnings which were more of a nuisance , schools were able to function normally .
once the [first] fright had subsided more and more of the children started to return and , apart from constant air-raid warnings which were more of a nuisance , schools were able to function normally .

Many people have employed a variety of mouse and rat poisons without stopping to think that the initial effect of such toxins is to slow down the victim which then becomes an easy target for a hunting cat .
many people have employed a variety of mouse and rat poisons without stopping to think that the [first] effect of such toxins is to slow down the victim which then becomes an easy target for a hunting cat .

It is easy to imagine how the early inhabitants of the Middle Fast , and in particular the ancient Egyptians , could have converted this African race into a domestic partner and there is little doubt that this is what occurred , with the more northerly European form being left out of the story altogether in the initial stages .
it is easy to imagine how the early inhabitants of the middle fast , and in particular the ancient egyptians , could have converted this african race into a domestic partner and there is little doubt that this is what occurred , with the more northerly european form being left out of the story altogether in the [first] stages .

You should note that a mandatory award for a new course is continued provided that the change of course is on educational grounds and that the change has been notified to your grant awarding authority within 16 months of the date of initial enrolment .
you should note that a mandatory award for a new course is continued provided that the change of course is on educational grounds and that the change has been notified to your grant awarding authority within 16 months of the date of [first] enrolment .

Subject to the Charter , Statutes , Ordinances and Regulations of the University , intending students shall apply for initial enrolment at the commencement of their courses of study or research .
subject to the charter , statutes , ordinances and regulations of the university , intending students shall apply for [first] enrolment at the commencement of their courses of study or research .

At initial enrolment all students shall sign an undertaking to comply with the Charter , Statutes , Ordinances and Regulations of the University as are from time to time in force .
at [first] enrolment all students shall sign an undertaking to comply with the charter , statutes , ordinances and regulations of the university as are from time to time in force .

At initial enrolment all students must sign the following declaration .
at [first] enrolment all students must sign the following declaration .

The first two categories represent the initial stages of involvement in learning to be a nurse .
the first two categories represent the [first] stages of involvement in learning to be a nurse .

If a reinforcer is given every time an operant is shown there is an initial rapid increase in the occurrence of that operant until a steady level of behaviour is reached .
if a reinforcer is given every time an operant is shown there is an [first] rapid increase in the occurrence of that operant until a steady level of behaviour is reached .

If , on the other hand , the frequency of reinforcement is changed after the initial increase to an intermittent one , that is the person is rewarded only occasionally , then there is a further increase , and the behaviour is maintained long after the reinforcer is withdrawn .
if , on the other hand , the frequency of reinforcement is changed after the [first] increase to an intermittent one , that is the person is rewarded only occasionally , then there is a further increase , and the behaviour is maintained long after the reinforcer is withdrawn .

Find out the learners ’ initial state of knowledge . If they are beginning their training , what is their educational background ?
find out the learners ’ [first] state of knowledge . if they are beginning their training , what is their educational background ?

Grades shown are typical of offers made at the time of initial application .
grades shown are typical of offers made at the time of [first] application .

When a student in receipt of grant aid transfers on educational grounds — on the recommendation of the University — to another designated course either at the same university or another institution , the grant will be continued for the period required to complete the new course , provided that the transfer takes place within 16 months of the date of the student 's registration on his/her initial course .
when a student in receipt of grant aid transfers on educational grounds — on the recommendation of the university — to another designated course either at the same university or another institution , the grant will be continued for the period required to complete the new course , provided that the transfer takes place within 16 months of the date of the student 's registration on his/her [first] course .

Those that hated the familiarity rarely went out and left the States as soon as their initial contract was completed .
those that hated the familiarity rarely went out and left the states as soon as their [first] contract was completed .

It was his idea that it would become a model city at an initial cost of £100,000 .
it was his idea that it would become a model city at an [first] cost of £100,000 .

The initial reaction is usually shocked disbelief which can last for a long period , while the person may feel very detached from the world or completely at sea .
the [first] reaction is usually shocked disbelief which can last for a long period , while the person may feel very detached from the world or completely at sea .

It stopped the initial rush of water for a while , but once the large depression around the barrier had filled , like a bowl filling before your eyes , the tide would roar on down the trough on the other side of the barrier .
it stopped the [first] rush of water for a while , but once the large depression around the barrier had filled , like a bowl filling before your eyes , the tide would roar on down the trough on the other side of the barrier .

The roaring bedlam of the tide 's initial onslaught was being replaced by a menacing quiet as the deep black water sucked and heaved around the boulders .
the roaring bedlam of the tide 's [first] onslaught was being replaced by a menacing quiet as the deep black water sucked and heaved around the boulders .

One glance also breached his initial prediction .
one glance also breached his [first] prediction .

During these periods , the great tides sweeping in from the Atlantic would first feel the initial restriction of the Bristol Channel .
during these periods , the great tides sweeping in from the atlantic would first feel the [first] restriction of the bristol channel .

The girls had got over their initial shock , and shrieked with excitement as they thrust at everything that moved .
the girls had got over their [first] shock , and shrieked with excitement as they thrust at everything that moved .

The effects of educational courses and programmes become harder to evaluate the further one moves from the initial point of instruction .
the effects of educational courses and programmes become harder to evaluate the further one moves from the [first] point of instruction .

The effects of educational courses and programmes become more difficult to evaluate the further one moves from the initial point of instruction .
the effects of educational courses and programmes become more difficult to evaluate the further one moves from the [first] point of instruction .

Illuminative evaluation is not limited by the initial formulation of aims , but allows for the expression of unexpected results .
illuminative evaluation is not limited by the [first] formulation of aims , but allows for the expression of unexpected results .

Some patients want no further contact with the would-be therapist after the initial assessment , or agree to see him only a few times .
some patients want no further contact with the would-be therapist after the [first] assessment , or agree to see him only a few times .

In a recent study of outpatient counselling of overdose patients , the average number of treatment sessions after the initial assessment was three , with a range of between one and eight sessions ( Hawton et al .
in a recent study of outpatient counselling of overdose patients , the average number of treatment sessions after the [first] assessment was three , with a range of between one and eight sessions ( hawton et al .

Initial problem list
[first] problem list

Initial contract
[first] contract

Initial problem list
[first] problem list

Initial contract
[first] contract

Initial problem list
[first] problem list

Initial contract
[first] contract

Initial problem list
[first] problem list

Initial contract
[first] contract

Initial problem list
[first] problem list

Initial contract
[first] contract

Initial period of admission
[first] period of admission

Apart from providing an opportunity for observing and talking to the patient , and thereby learning more about his problems and mental state , this initial period also has other purposes .
apart from providing an opportunity for observing and talking to the patient , and thereby learning more about his problems and mental state , this [first] period also has other purposes .

During this initial period it will be necessary to use whatever methods appear appropriate to deal with the patient 's distress .
during this [first] period it will be necessary to use whatever methods appear appropriate to deal with the patient 's distress .

After the initial period of assessment and support it should be possible to formulate a treatment plan .
after the [first] period of assessment and support it should be possible to formulate a treatment plan .

An initial period of ‘ drying-out ’ may be necessary , with careful supervision and management of withdrawal symptoms .
an [first] period of ‘ drying-out ’ may be necessary , with careful supervision and management of withdrawal symptoms .

The study did not show any major differences between doctors and nurses , indicating that nurses who are specifically trained to assess attempted suicide patients and who work in a team where there is a psychiatrist available for consultation and supervision can be given responsibility for the initial assessment of these patients .
the study did not show any major differences between doctors and nurses , indicating that nurses who are specifically trained to assess attempted suicide patients and who work in a team where there is a psychiatrist available for consultation and supervision can be given responsibility for the [first] assessment of these patients .

After the initial period of training there should be adequate supervision by senior psychiatrists or other experienced therapists , preferably on a daily basis .
after the [first] period of training there should be adequate supervision by senior psychiatrists or other experienced therapists , preferably on a daily basis .

If a criminal is a person labelled as such , an initial question we must ask is ‘ Who does the labelling ?
if a criminal is a person labelled as such , an [first] question we must ask is ‘ who does the labelling ?

The initial motivations that lead a previously ‘ honest ’ businessman to commit a long-firm fraud are liable to be financial , perhaps a temporary shortage of money .
the [first] motivations that lead a previously ‘ honest ’ businessman to commit a long-firm fraud are liable to be financial , perhaps a temporary shortage of money .

While rescue was the initial objective , it was soon surpassed by the desire to reclaim and re-educate .
while rescue was the [first] objective , it was soon surpassed by the desire to reclaim and re-educate .

Although she made little initial impact in England , her scheme gained influential support in Scotland where it was adopted by the Scottish Education Department which agreed to give School Boards ‘ choice of employment ’ powers under the Education ( Scotland ) Act 1908 .
although she made little [first] impact in england , her scheme gained influential support in scotland where it was adopted by the scottish education department which agreed to give school boards ‘ choice of employment ’ powers under the education ( scotland ) act 1908 .

One means was actually to take control of the youth 's entry into full-time wage-earning , in order to control the transition from school to work and , by offering vocational guidance and encouraging attendance at continuation schools together with an after-care system , to set initial standards with regard to attitudes and behaviour .
one means was actually to take control of the youth 's entry into full-time wage-earning , in order to control the transition from school to work and , by offering vocational guidance and encouraging attendance at continuation schools together with an after-care system , to set [first] standards with regard to attitudes and behaviour .

This is the initial euro-dollar deposit .
this is the [first] euro-dollar deposit .

Selling loan participations : Initial loan offerings are made by telephone or telex to a selected group of banks .
selling loan participations : [first] loan offerings are made by telephone or telex to a selected group of banks .

Again , very little of this information is presently available in electronic form on initial publication , though also , again , this situation is gradually changing .
again , very little of this information is presently available in electronic form on [first] publication , though also , again , this situation is gradually changing .

Choices are still made , though external circumstances may limit the initial range of options and may also affect the outcome of the policy chosen .
choices are still made , though external circumstances may limit the [first] range of options and may also affect the outcome of the policy chosen .

After an initial post-independence surge , primary school enrolment has been held at around 46 per cent by the destruction of rural schools and the resulting lack of access for many nominally enrolled pupils .
after an [first] post-independence surge , primary school enrolment has been held at around 46 per cent by the destruction of rural schools and the resulting lack of access for many nominally enrolled pupils .

This was a backward step , since one of the goals of the Ministry had been to increase the proportion of trained teachers through in-service training to upgrade ‘ empirical ’ teachers , as well as by initial teacher training .
this was a backward step , since one of the goals of the ministry had been to increase the proportion of trained teachers through in-service training to upgrade ‘ empirical ’ teachers , as well as by [first] teacher training .

However , an effort was made to give them some kind of compensation , by extending the provision of the afa ( beans , rice and sugar rations ) beyond the initial emergency period , and offering them free transport and free spectacles .
however , an effort was made to give them some kind of compensation , by extending the provision of the afa ( beans , rice and sugar rations ) beyond the [first] emergency period , and offering them free transport and free spectacles .

The initial problem seemed to be what part of my anatomy to visualize .
the [first] problem seemed to be what part of my anatomy to visualize .

What they learn will depend upon the content of their parents ' demands , but the initial disposition towards compliance may be critical for the effectiveness of all further attempts at discipline and social training .
what they learn will depend upon the content of their parents ' demands , but the [first] disposition towards compliance may be critical for the effectiveness of all further attempts at discipline and social training .

In the long run , however , the time wasted in nagging exceeds the initial investment in time and effort involved in training children that parents mean what they say .
in the long run , however , the time wasted in nagging exceeds the [first] investment in time and effort involved in training children that parents mean what they say .

The contracts that the Grants finally drew up took five sessions of three quarters of an hour each , but after the initial , inevitable slanging match the sessions were amicable .
the contracts that the grants finally drew up took five sessions of three quarters of an hour each , but after the [first] , inevitable slanging match the sessions were amicable .

For a variety of historical reasons , initial development occurs in some places and not in others .
for a variety of historical reasons , [first] development occurs in some places and not in others .

Despite the somewhat bureaucratic and unimaginative nature of the early Partnerships , their creation stimulated interest , and a series of research reports on their initial development emerged .
despite the somewhat bureaucratic and unimaginative nature of the early partnerships , their creation stimulated interest , and a series of research reports on their [first] development emerged .

The initial allocations of Partnership spending in the late 1970s were often the result of the large , better-prepared and more politically-aware departments putting forward their cases more persuasively than the others .
the [first] allocations of partnership spending in the late 1970s were often the result of the large , better-prepared and more politically-aware departments putting forward their cases more persuasively than the others .

In this chapter we shall look at ways of smoothing the edges off the jagged initial appearance of data plotted over time ; we shall look at the observations three at a time , taking seriously the spirit of this somewhat sarcastic remark , to get indications of the trend .
in this chapter we shall look at ways of smoothing the edges off the jagged [first] appearance of data plotted over time ; we shall look at the observations three at a time , taking seriously the spirit of this somewhat sarcastic remark , to get indications of the trend .

As would be expected , the amount of damage increased as the number of vehicles using the tracks increased but the greatest reduction in vegetation cover was caused by initial vehicle runs .
as would be expected , the amount of damage increased as the number of vehicles using the tracks increased but the greatest reduction in vegetation cover was caused by [first] vehicle runs .

Hampden Babylon deliberately draws on a style of writing pioneered by the writer and film-maker Kenneth Anger in his book Hollywood Babylon , a text that remains a milestone in the history of cinema and scandal decades after its initial publication .
hampden babylon deliberately draws on a style of writing pioneered by the writer and film-maker kenneth anger in his book hollywood babylon , a text that remains a milestone in the history of cinema and scandal decades after its [first] publication .

The environmental systems are effectively regarded as machines whose workings can all be discovered , described in differential equation form and whose future activities can thus be predicted in detail if their initial states are known .
the environmental systems are effectively regarded as machines whose workings can all be discovered , described in differential equation form and whose future activities can thus be predicted in detail if their [first] states are known .

In essence , they argue that tiny differences in the initial conditions of many systems can lead to widely different outcomes since the systems exhibit stochastic behaviour within a deterministic framework .
in essence , they argue that tiny differences in the [first] conditions of many systems can lead to widely different outcomes since the systems exhibit stochastic behaviour within a deterministic framework .

Finally , relatively little emphasis has been given to the management of data as a corporate resource , available to a wide community : many environmental data are collected on a project-by-project basis and ‘ lost ’ once the urgency of the initial research is over .
finally , relatively little emphasis has been given to the management of data as a corporate resource , available to a wide community : many environmental data are collected on a project-by-project basis and ‘ lost ’ once the urgency of the [first] research is over .

It also gives an initial view into the worlds of the mind and the wonderlands that are there waiting for all who aspire to them .
it also gives an [first] view into the worlds of the mind and the wonderlands that are there waiting for all who aspire to them .

It seems to me that this way of looking at things is the only one which allows us to understand the validity of the second law , and the heat death of each individual world , without invoking a unidimensional change of the entire universe from a definite initial state to a final state .
it seems to me that this way of looking at things is the only one which allows us to understand the validity of the second law , and the heat death of each individual world , without invoking a unidimensional change of the entire universe from a definite [first] state to a final state .

No doubt their slowness , coupled with the initial inertia of the judges , meant that the exhibition had to remain intact , seriously hampering preparations for the exhibition of models for the Wellington monument which began to arrive at the hall the day after the Government Offices exhibition closed .
no doubt their slowness , coupled with the [first] inertia of the judges , meant that the exhibition had to remain intact , seriously hampering preparations for the exhibition of models for the wellington monument which began to arrive at the hall the day after the government offices exhibition closed .

The initial interview indicated that they knew little about their drugs and 20 % admitted to having a problem , some relying on others to sort them out ; some evolving a system which helped them ; and others omitting to take the drugs altogether .
the [first] interview indicated that they knew little about their drugs and 20 % admitted to having a problem , some relying on others to sort them out ; some evolving a system which helped them ; and others omitting to take the drugs altogether .

For a patient admitted from the waiting list , the nurse who ‘ admits ’ him ( that is the initial showing of the patient to the bed and the space which he will occupy ) should help with the inevitable quandary of meeting new people in somewhat unusual circumstances .
for a patient admitted from the waiting list , the nurse who ‘ admits ’ him ( that is the [first] showing of the patient to the bed and the space which he will occupy ) should help with the inevitable quandary of meeting new people in somewhat unusual circumstances .

Throughout a hospital stay , communicating is important for all patients but in psychiatric nursing , communicating is the major therapeutic tool and the patient 's initial relationship can particularly influence the effectiveness of the subsequent therapy .
throughout a hospital stay , communicating is important for all patients but in psychiatric nursing , communicating is the major therapeutic tool and the patient 's [first] relationship can particularly influence the effectiveness of the subsequent therapy .

The provision of factual information seems to alleviate some of the initial anxiety on immediate arrival at the ward and many hospitals send to those who are being admitted from the waiting list , some type of preparatory material ranging from a leaflet to an illustrated brochure , the latter in particular for children .
the provision of factual information seems to alleviate some of the [first] anxiety on immediate arrival at the ward and many hospitals send to those who are being admitted from the waiting list , some type of preparatory material ranging from a leaflet to an illustrated brochure , the latter in particular for children .

When this in not so , they are deprived of this initial preparation as are all those who are admitted as ‘ emergencies ’ .
when this in not so , they are deprived of this [first] preparation as are all those who are admitted as ‘ emergencies ’ .

There was initial improvement but now there is no response to the remedy and the same symptoms are still present .
there was [first] improvement but now there is no response to the remedy and the same symptoms are still present .

Of muscles due to overexertion , after the most acute symptoms have gone or when there is worse ( < ) initial motion and better ( > ) from continued motion with better ( > ) heat .
of muscles due to overexertion , after the most acute symptoms have gone or when there is worse ( < ) [first] motion and better ( > ) from continued motion with better ( > ) heat .

Pains and stiffness are worse ( < ) initial motion , better ( > ) continued motion and better ( > ) heat .
pains and stiffness are worse ( < ) [first] motion , better ( > ) continued motion and better ( > ) heat .

It often follows the initial use of Arnica in strains .
it often follows the [first] use of arnica in strains .

Usually of use after the most marked initial swelling and tenderness has begun to decline .
usually of use after the most marked [first] swelling and tenderness has begun to decline .

It has a strong affinity for fibrous tissues hence its use in conditions affecting joints , ligaments and the stage of healing when fibrous scar tissue is laid down after the initial inflammation has begun to settle .
it has a strong affinity for fibrous tissues hence its use in conditions affecting joints , ligaments and the stage of healing when fibrous scar tissue is laid down after the [first] inflammation has begun to settle .

Around 4 months , infants begin to gaze in the same direction adults are looking , although their initial eorts are imperfect .
around 4 months , infants begin to gaze in the same direction adults are looking , although their [first] eorts are imperfect .

In our initial assessment , we found that this manufacturer was in stock for most SKUs most of the time—a pretty good result .
in our [first] assessment , we found that this manufacturer was in stock for most skus most of the time—a pretty good result .

Lean retailers ’ rapid replenishment arrangements radically reduce the risk of undersupply—the retailer can essentially “ correct ” for those items that it ordered too little of prior to the start of the season—and of oversupply , since the retailer orders smaller initial quantities .
lean retailers ’ rapid replenishment arrangements radically reduce the risk of undersupply—the retailer can essentially “ correct ” for those items that it ordered too little of prior to the start of the season—and of oversupply , since the retailer orders smaller [first] quantities .

As in all cases where partnerships might benefit the various parties involved , real-world considerations—who has the most power , who is responsible for instigating change , who will make the initial investments—often slow integration .
as in all cases where partnerships might benefit the various parties involved , real-world considerations—who has the most power , who is responsible for instigating change , who will make the [first] investments—often slow integration .

Arriving in New York in late 1789 , he was referred to Moses Brown in Providence , a prominent merchant who had established a company , Almy and Brown , to develop “ frame or water spinning. ” Brown responded on December 10 , 1789 , to Slater ’ s initial inquiry , saying Almy and Brown certainly wanted the assistance of a person with Slater ’ s skills because an experimental mill had failed , “ no persons being acquainted with the business , and the frames imperfect . ”
arriving in new york in late 1789 , he was referred to moses brown in providence , a prominent merchant who had established a company , almy and brown , to develop “ frame or water spinning. ” brown responded on december 10 , 1789 , to slater ’ s [first] inquiry , saying almy and brown certainly wanted the assistance of a person with slater ’ s skills because an experimental mill had failed , “ no persons being acquainted with the business , and the frames imperfect . ”

Several iterations of these initial design steps could add weeks or months to the process before production began .
several iterations of these [first] design steps could add weeks or months to the process before production began .

We have visited a large knit goods manufacturer that combined final fabric finishing operations in the same building with cutting and initial automated sewing , all of which operated around the clock .
we have visited a large knit goods manufacturer that combined final fabric finishing operations in the same building with cutting and [first] automated sewing , all of which operated around the clock .

Although the effort has been characterized as a partnership , senior executives at Procter & Gamble have also noted that the initial impetus came from Walton .
although the effort has been characterized as a partnership , senior executives at procter & gamble have also noted that the [first] impetus came from walton .

There was initial resistance , however .
there was [first] resistance , however .

Of course , we must assume a set of institutions—a Congress , an Executive , and a Judiciary—that will continue to function according to the terms of their initial creation .
of course , we must assume a set of institutions—a congress , an executive , and a judiciary—that will continue to function according to the terms of their [first] creation .

In 1964 , four-score-years-and-one after the initial defeat in the Supreme Court , the country could once again say that equal access to theaters and public accommodations was the law of the land .
in 1964 , four-score-years-and-one after the [first] defeat in the supreme court , the country could once again say that equal access to theaters and public accommodations was the law of the land .

One would expect the president to root his address in the Constitution that created his office , but the great address is defiantly silent about the initial Constitution .
one would expect the president to root his address in the constitution that created his office , but the great address is defiantly silent about the [first] constitution .

As in abstaining from killing , one can cross the initial stage of this spectrum and remain unsure about how far to ascend on the scale .
as in abstaining from killing , one can cross the [first] stage of this spectrum and remain unsure about how far to ascend on the scale .

State the laws and the initial and boundary conditions , then calculate ; Newton taught us how to do science this way .
state the laws and the [first] and boundary conditions , then calculate ; newton taught us how to do science this way .

What if we can not prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and calculate with Newton ’ s “ method of fluxions , ” the calculus , from initial and boundary conditions and laws ?
what if we can not prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and calculate with newton ’ s “ method of fluxions , ” the calculus , from [first] and boundary conditions and laws ?

The initial resulting “ phage display ” libraries had about twenty million of the sixty-four million diVerent possible hexamer peptides .
the [first] resulting “ phage display ” libraries had about twenty million of the sixty-four million diverent possible hexamer peptides .

Averaged over all possible fitness landscapes , you would do as well trying to find a large integer by searching randomly from an initial box for your M samples as you would climbing sensibly uphill from your initial box .
averaged over all possible fitness landscapes , you would do as well trying to find a large integer by searching randomly from an [first] box for your m samples as you would climbing sensibly uphill from your [first] box .

If , as I will suggest , we can not prestate the configuration space , variables , laws , initial and boundary conditions of a biosphere , if we can not foretell a biosphere , we can , nevertheless , tell the stories as it unfolds .
if , as i will suggest , we can not prestate the configuration space , variables , laws , [first] and boundary conditions of a biosphere , if we can not foretell a biosphere , we can , nevertheless , tell the stories as it unfolds .

Thus , once the operon is activated , it will remain active , even if the concentration of lactose outside the cell is lowered from an initial high level required to activate the operon to some intermediate concentration .
thus , once the operon is activated , it will remain active , even if the concentration of lactose outside the cell is lowered from an [first] high level required to activate the operon to some intermediate concentration .

In chapter we will consider “ quantum decoherence. ” This is a quite well-established phenomenon in which the quantum amplitudes propagating along dierent possible pathways between the same initial and final state can lose phase information .
in chapter we will consider “ quantum decoherence. ” this is a quite well-established phenomenon in which the quantum amplitudes propagating along dierent possible pathways between the same [first] and final state can lose phase information .

From what initial and boundary conditions would you , could you , start ?
from what [first] and boundary conditions would you , could you , start ?

Neither is the wide-flung stand of aspen astride the hillsides above Santa Fe , largest single stand of aspen in the United States , presumably all or most of which is a linked set of trees sprouting from the spreading roots of some initial individual .
neither is the wide-flung stand of aspen astride the hillsides above santa fe , largest single stand of aspen in the united states , presumably all or most of which is a linked set of trees sprouting from the spreading roots of some [first] individual .

Given a set of possible initial lisp expressions , say , N diVerent expressions , the diVerent subsets , or bundles , that are possible are just two raised to the Nth power .
given a set of possible [first] lisp expressions , say , n diverent expressions , the diverent subsets , or bundles , that are possible are just two raised to the nth power .

Richard Palmer , a physicist at Duke University and the Santa Fe Institute , has commented to me that physics is used to distinguishing the initial and boundary conditions from the “ laws. ” In the evolution of a biosphere , the emergence of systems such as the genetic code and meiosis seems rather like the emergence of new laws .
richard palmer , a physicist at duke university and the santa fe institute , has commented to me that physics is used to distinguishing the [first] and boundary conditions from the “ laws. ” in the evolution of a biosphere , the emergence of systems such as the genetic code and meiosis seems rather like the emergence of new laws .

This has led Palmer to wonder whether the distinction between initial and boundary conditions and laws is really as clean as it appears in , say , Newtonian physics .
this has led palmer to wonder whether the distinction between [first] and boundary conditions and laws is really as clean as it appears in , say , newtonian physics .

We can not deduce from the symmetry of the initial state how that symmetry will be broken .
we can not deduce from the symmetry of the [first] state how that symmetry will be broken .

Newtonian mechanics : Prestate the initial and boundary conditions , the particles and force laws , and with them the possible configuration space and calculate away .
newtonian mechanics : prestate the [first] and boundary conditions , the particles and force laws , and with them the possible configuration space and calculate away .

Too in general relativity : Given Einstein ’ s equations , prestate the initial and boundary conditions and seek solutions .
too in general relativity : given einstein ’ s equations , prestate the [first] and boundary conditions and seek solutions .

In quantum mechanics , one talks of specifying the classical conditions of the experiment , and thereby the configuration space of the quantum system , preparing an initial state , and using Schrödinger ’ s equation to propagate amplitudes for the entire future evolution in the configuration space for all conceivable observables .
in quantum mechanics , one talks of specifying the classical conditions of the experiment , and thereby the configuration space of the quantum system , preparing an [first] state , and using schrödinger ’ s equation to propagate amplitudes for the entire future evolution in the configuration space for all conceivable observables .

Nor would there be an eVective procedure to prepare the cosmic computer in a proper initial state , read in the data , and read out its computation .
nor would there be an evective procedure to prepare the cosmic computer in a proper [first] state , read in the data , and read out its computation .

Alas , the hikers near those three initial peaks will die as they are dipped into the lethal fog and are too far from the newly emerged sun drenched peaks to reach them .
alas , the hikers near those three [first] peaks will die as they are dipped into the lethal fog and are too far from the newly emerged sun drenched peaks to reach them .

Continue to “ walk ” across the space of schedules via neighbors to test if there is a connected web of schedules with makespans at least as good as our initial schedule ’ s makespan .
continue to “ walk ” across the space of schedules via neighbors to test if there is a connected web of schedules with makespans at least as good as our [first] schedule ’ s makespan .

If the web percolates , then the initial schedule was in the survivable regime .
if the web percolates , then the [first] schedule was in the survivable regime .

The Hausdorf dimension is computed by considering an initial schedule at a given makespan , then by considering from among all the -mutant neighbor schedules the number of them that are of the same or better makespan as the initial schedule ’ s makespan , then doing the same among all the -mutant neighbor schedules .
the hausdorf dimension is computed by considering an [first] schedule at a given makespan , then by considering from among all the -mutant neighbor schedules the number of them that are of the same or better makespan as the [first] schedule ’ s makespan , then doing the same among all the -mutant neighbor schedules .

Over time , if the system is released from any initial state , it will follow a trajectory of states through state space .
over time , if the system is released from any [first] state , it will follow a trajectory of states through state space .

If released from any initial state , the system ultimately winds up cycling on one of its attractors .
if released from any [first] state , the system ultimately winds up cycling on one of its attractors .

Let the network be released from an arbitrary initial state and flow along a trajectory toward a state cycle attractor .
let the network be released from an arbitrary [first] state and flow along a trajectory toward a state cycle attractor .

Initially , just after release from some random initial state , most genes are twinkling , hence green .
initially , just after release from some random [first] state , most genes are twinkling , hence green .

Let ’ s define a gene as “ damaged ” if after an initial gene has had its activity reversed for a single moment the gene in question ever behaves dierently than it would have had the perturbed gene been left undisturbed .
let ’ s define a gene as “ damaged ” if after an [first] gene has had its activity reversed for a single moment the gene in question ever behaves dierently than it would have had the perturbed gene been left undisturbed .

These huge avalanches are exactly the signature of the famous “ butterfly eect ” seen in the weather , where a small initial change can have large-scale consequences .
these huge avalanches are exactly the signature of the famous “ butterfly eect ” seen in the weather , where a small [first] change can have large-scale consequences .

In short , the spreading purple avalanches constitute “ sensitivity to initial conditions. ” On the other hand , it is important to distinguish between low-dimensional chaos , characterized by three or four variables governed by three or four equations , and the high-dimensional chaos , shown in large-model genetic networks with tens of thousands of gene variables .
in short , the spreading purple avalanches constitute “ sensitivity to [first] conditions. ” on the other hand , it is important to distinguish between low-dimensional chaos , characterized by three or four variables governed by three or four equations , and the high-dimensional chaos , shown in large-model genetic networks with tens of thousands of gene variables .

In addition , we can define the normalized Hamming distance , Dt , between these two initial states at time t as the fraction of binary variables by which they dier .
in addition , we can define the normalized hamming distance , dt , between these two [first] states at time t as the fraction of binary variables by which they dier .

Then we can compare Dt and D ( t + ) and ask if the initial distance at time T decreased or increased at time T + .
then we can compare dt and d ( t + ) and ask if the [first] distance at time t decreased or increased at time t + .

In the current case , the initial distance increased from .
in the current case , the [first] distance increased from .

To characterize Boolean networks with respect to the ordered and chaotic regime , it is convenient to take thousands of random pairs of states at dierent initial distances , Dt , where Dt can vary from .
to characterize boolean networks with respect to the ordered and chaotic regime , it is convenient to take thousands of random pairs of states at dierent [first] distances , dt , where dt can vary from .

Average the D ( t + ) values for the thousands of pairs of initial states at each initial distance , Dt .
average the d ( t + ) values for the thousands of pairs of [first] states at each [first] distance , dt .

Thus , for an initial pair of states at Dt = . , if the successor states have spread apart , say to D ( t + ) = . , a dot in the xy plane at x = . , y = .
thus , for an [first] pair of states at dt = . , if the successor states have spread apart , say to d ( t + ) = . , a dot in the xy plane at x = . , y = .

The averaged set of these dots for the thousands of pairs of initial states at all dierent initial distances is the average recurrence map for the network .
the averaged set of these dots for the thousands of pairs of [first] states at all dierent [first] distances is the average recurrence map for the network .

If a dot lies on the main diagonal , then the distance between the initial states is the same as the distance between the successor states .
if a dot lies on the main diagonal , then the distance between the [first] states is the same as the distance between the successor states .

The two initial states lie on trajectories that neither diverge nor converge in state space .
the two [first] states lie on trajectories that neither diverge nor converge in state space .

In the chaotic regime , nearby states lie on trajectories that diverge further apart in state space , so the recurrence map lies above the main diagonal for small initial distances .
in the chaotic regime , nearby states lie on trajectories that diverge further apart in state space , so the recurrence map lies above the main diagonal for small [first] distances .

For large initial distances , even networks in the chaotic regime have the property that states tend to lie on trajectories that converge .
for large [first] distances , even networks in the chaotic regime have the property that states tend to lie on trajectories that converge .

By contrast , in the ordered regime , as shown in Figure . , the Derrida recurrence curve is below the main diagonal for small Dt , that is , initial states that are close lie on trajectories that converge .
by contrast , in the ordered regime , as shown in figure . , the derrida recurrence curve is below the main diagonal for small dt , that is , [first] states that are close lie on trajectories that converge .

I believe the initial evidence strongly suggests that eukaryotic cells are in the ordered regime , not too far from the phase transition to chaos .
i believe the [first] evidence strongly suggests that eukaryotic cells are in the ordered regime , not too far from the phase transition to chaos .

By the fourth mechanism , if Godzilla ’ happens to have a beneficial landscape ruggedness due to its K value , that good landscape ruggedness has now replicated from the initial Godzilla to its copy .
by the fourth mechanism , if godzilla ’ happens to have a beneficial landscape ruggedness due to its k value , that good landscape ruggedness has now replicated from the [first] godzilla to its copy .

The second law becomes the statement that , at equilibrium , the system will flow from any initial macrostate such that it spends most of its time in the equilibrium macrostate .
the second law becomes the statement that , at equilibrium , the system will flow from any [first] macrostate such that it spends most of its time in the equilibrium macrostate .

Smiles Maxwell , suppose the initial state of the gas in the box is in the equilibrium macrostate .
smiles maxwell , suppose the [first] state of the gas in the box is in the equilibrium macrostate .

If the system is released from an initially improbable macrostate , its initial entropy for the first period of time is low since most macrostates are not occupied .
if the system is released from an initially improbable macrostate , its [first] entropy for the first period of time is low since most macrostates are not occupied .

He thought of receiving a message as reducing the entropy , or uncertainty , about which message was actually sent , given the initial set of possible messages .
he thought of receiving a message as reducing the entropy , or uncertainty , about which message was actually sent , given the [first] set of possible messages .

We give it initial input data .
we give it [first] input data .

Of course , to hint the above is to hint an initial answer .
of course , to hint the above is to hint an [first] answer .

In normal physics , say , college-level physics , all these specifications occur at the beginning of the problem , in the statement of the initial and boundary conditions .
in normal physics , say , college-level physics , all these specifications occur at the beginning of the problem , in the statement of the [first] and boundary conditions .

The puzzle of where the initial and boundary conditions come from , and the specific coupling of cue to ball , are “ hidden ” in the initial and boundary conditions of “ the problem ” and in how Newton taught us to calculate .
the puzzle of where the [first] and boundary conditions come from , and the specific coupling of cue to ball , are “ hidden ” in the [first] and boundary conditions of “ the problem ” and in how newton taught us to calculate .

In short , the problem of the organization of the process in any specific case of work is hidden from view in the initial and boundary conditions of the usual statement of the physical problem .
in short , the problem of the organization of the process in any specific case of work is hidden from view in the [first] and boundary conditions of the usual statement of the physical problem .

An evolving biosphere is all about the coming into existence in the universe of the complex , diversifying ever-changing initial and boundary conditions that constitute coevolving autonomous agents , with their changing organization of capacities to measure and detect energy sources , and couple those detected energy sources to systems that sometimes extract work .
an evolving biosphere is all about the coming into existence in the universe of the complex , diversifying ever-changing [first] and boundary conditions that constitute coevolving autonomous agents , with their changing organization of capacities to measure and detect energy sources , and couple those detected energy sources to systems that sometimes extract work .

We will return in a subsequent chapter to ask if it makes sense to try to finitely prestate the initial and boundary conditions of a biosphere .
we will return in a subsequent chapter to ask if it makes sense to try to finitely prestate the [first] and boundary conditions of a biosphere .

I will claim that we can not finitely prespecify the configuration space of a biosphere , hence , we can not finitely prespecify the initial and boundary conditions of a biosphere .
i will claim that we can not finitely prespecify the configuration space of a biosphere , hence , we can not finitely prespecify the [first] and boundary conditions of a biosphere .

If so , then we can not hide the issue of the organization of work processes in a statement of the initial and boundary conditions of the biosphere .
if so , then we can not hide the issue of the organization of work processes in a statement of the [first] and boundary conditions of the biosphere .

Is this just another initial or boundary condition hiding from view the question : Where did this organization of stu and process come from ?
is this just another [first] or boundary condition hiding from view the question : where did this organization of stu and process come from ?

The bacterium swimming upstream in a glucose gradient was my initial candidate example of an autonomous agent .
the bacterium swimming upstream in a glucose gradient was my [first] candidate example of an autonomous agent .

We need merely think of a set of molecular species in the domain and a set of molecular species in the range ; the mapping from domain to range is just the set of reactions that transform the initial “ substrate molecules ” in the domain to the “ product molecules ” in the range .
we need merely think of a set of molecular species in the domain and a set of molecular species in the range ; the mapping from domain to range is just the set of reactions that transform the [first] “ substrate molecules ” in the domain to the “ product molecules ” in the range .

In order to return the Carnot engine to its initial state , 1 ( in Figure 3.2 ) , such that the working gas can again expand and do mechanical work on the piston , work must be done on the engine to bring the piston back up to its position near the head of the cylinder and to recompress and reheat the working gas so that its temperature and pressure values , or state , correspond to state 1 .
in order to return the carnot engine to its [first] state , 1 ( in figure 3.2 ) , such that the working gas can again expand and do mechanical work on the piston , work must be done on the engine to bring the piston back up to its position near the head of the cylinder and to recompress and reheat the working gas so that its temperature and pressure values , or state , correspond to state 1 .

Due to the compression of the working gas and the fact that it is not in contact with the cool T1 reservoir , the working gas heats up , so the pressure increases appreciably while the volume decreases slightly , as the gas is compressed until the initial state of hot compressed gas , step 1 , is achieved .
due to the compression of the working gas and the fact that it is not in contact with the cool t1 reservoir , the working gas heats up , so the pressure increases appreciably while the volume decreases slightly , as the gas is compressed until the [first] state of hot compressed gas , step 1 , is achieved .

The Carnot cycle operates in a cycle , as does a steam engine , gasoline engine , or electric motor , precisely because at the completion of one cycle the total system is returned to the same initial state as at the start of the cycle .
the carnot cycle operates in a cycle , as does a steam engine , gasoline engine , or electric motor , precisely because at the completion of one cycle the total system is returned to the same [first] state as at the start of the cycle .

Because of this , the organization of the process , achieved by the actual gears , rods , and escapements that coordinate the relative motion of the parts of the engine , has returned to the initial configuration from which , with no further ado , the system can again perform a work cycle .
because of this , the organization of the process , achieved by the actual gears , rods , and escapements that coordinate the relative motion of the parts of the engine , has returned to the [first] configuration from which , with no further ado , the system can again perform a work cycle .

At the end of the cycle , the Carnot engine returns to the initial state with the piston raised and filled with hot compressed gas at the temperature of the hot reservoir .
at the end of the cycle , the carnot engine returns to the [first] state with the piston raised and filled with hot compressed gas at the temperature of the hot reservoir .

Newton ’ s vector composition rule says that we can recover the motion of the initial particle by constructing the obvious parallelogram that adds the x , y , and z velocity or momentum vectors back together .
newton ’ s vector composition rule says that we can recover the motion of the [first] particle by constructing the obvious parallelogram that adds the x , y , and z velocity or momentum vectors back together .

We need one more premise = the famous “ ergodic hypothesis. ” This hypothesis asserts that the trajectory of states leading from the initial state in a long stringlike “ walk ” will , over time , spend as much time in any small 6N cube as in any other cube .
we need one more premise = the famous “ ergodic hypothesis. ” this hypothesis asserts that the trajectory of states leading from the [first] state in a long stringlike “ walk ” will , over time , spend as much time in any small 6n cube as in any other cube .

This is because all reaction couples would be displaced from equilibrium the opposite way and the analogue of throwing the gears in reverse , namely reversing in sign the positive and negative activator and inhibitor couplings to the two proper enzymes , would convert the excess energy stored in the above equilibrium concentration of hexamer into production of the two trimers and the resynthesis of PP from P + P. Were the release of the photon , hv , a readily reversible step , the excess of PP would drive emission of a photon by the excited electron , thus returning the electron to the initial unexcited state .
this is because all reaction couples would be displaced from equilibrium the opposite way and the analogue of throwing the gears in reverse , namely reversing in sign the positive and negative activator and inhibitor couplings to the two proper enzymes , would convert the excess energy stored in the above equilibrium concentration of hexamer into production of the two trimers and the resynthesis of pp from p + p. were the release of the photon , hv , a readily reversible step , the excess of pp would drive emission of a photon by the excited electron , thus returning the electron to the [first] unexcited state .

Therefore , if the initial economy starts with you having most of the pears and I most of the apples , as shown as a point toward the lower-right of the Edgeworth box in Figure 3.6 , then that initial point of the economy lies on the intersection of a specific isohappiness curve for you and an isohappiness curve for me .
therefore , if the [first] economy starts with you having most of the pears and i most of the apples , as shown as a point toward the lower-right of the edgeworth box in figure 3.6 , then that [first] point of the economy lies on the intersection of a specific isohappiness curve for you and an isohappiness curve for me .

In particular , we can draw a line of those tangencies across the two isohappiness curves , yours and mine , that meet at the initial apple-pear distributions to you and me at the outset , before trading , and define the region where we have advantages of trade .
in particular , we can draw a line of those tangencies across the two isohappiness curves , yours and mine , that meet at the [first] apple-pear distributions to you and me at the outset , before trading , and define the region where we have advantages of trade .

Rather like water waves swirling into tiny granular nooks and crannies along a rugged fractal beach , the initial coherent Schrödinger equation representing the initial quantum system swirls into tiny and highly diverse patterns of interaction with the quantum system representing the environment .
rather like water waves swirling into tiny granular nooks and crannies along a rugged fractal beach , the [first] coherent schrödinger equation representing the [first] quantum system swirls into tiny and highly diverse patterns of interaction with the quantum system representing the environment .

In essence , Hartle and Gell-Mann ask us to consider “ the quantum state of the universe ” and all possible quantum histories of the universe from its initial state .
in essence , hartle and gell-mann ask us to consider “ the quantum state of the universe ” and all possible quantum histories of the universe from its [first] state .

Lee postulated use of spin networks , as described below , with the universe constructing itself from some initial spin network .
lee postulated use of spin networks , as described below , with the universe constructing itself from some [first] spin network .

Thus we may picture an initial spin network , say , a single tetrahedron .
thus we may picture an [first] spin network , say , a single tetrahedron .

In analogy with chemistry and combinatorial objects , the founder set of a chemical reaction graph , and the adjacent possible in the chemical reaction graph , we may consider the single initial tetrahedron as a founder set , gamma .
in analogy with chemistry and combinatorial objects , the founder set of a chemical reaction graph , and the adjacent possible in the chemical reaction graph , we may consider the single [first] tetrahedron as a founder set , gamma .

Within quantum mechanics , there is an appropriate way to consider the discrete analogue of Schrödinger ’ s equation , namely a means over time of evolving amplitudes from an initial distribution .
within quantum mechanics , there is an appropriate way to consider the discrete analogue of schrödinger ’ s equation , namely a means over time of evolving amplitudes from an [first] distribution .

In particular , the appropriate means of evolving amplitudes concern what are called “ fundamental amplitudes , ” which specify initial and final values of the integer values on edges before and after Pachner moves .
in particular , the appropriate means of evolving amplitudes concern what are called “ fundamental amplitudes , ” which specify [first] and final values of the integer values on edges before and after pachner moves .

Consider a given graph linking spin networks from an initial tetrahedron in gamma , outward as in a mandala , to all daughter networks in gamma , gamma , .
consider a given graph linking spin networks from an [first] tetrahedron in gamma , outward as in a mandala , to all daughter networks in gamma , gamma , .

Begin with all amplitude concentrated in the initial spin network tetrahedron in gamma .
begin with all amplitude concentrated in the [first] spin network tetrahedron in gamma .

With analogy to Feynman ’ s sum over all possible histories , consider the set of all pathways that begin at the initial tetrahedron in gamma and end on a given specific spin network N time steps later , for N = .
with analogy to feynman ’ s sum over all possible histories , consider the set of all pathways that begin at the [first] tetrahedron in gamma and end on a given specific spin network n time steps later , for n = .

Consider how amplitudes propagate in each mandala from an initial state with all the amplitudes concentrated in the gamma- tetrahedron .
consider how amplitudes propagate in each mandala from an [first] state with all the amplitudes concentrated in the gamma- tetrahedron .

Imagine a sum of histories from an initial gamma- tetrahedron in a mandala with some given fundamental amplitude laws ( thereby the initial and boundary conditions are specified ) , where the pathways in that set of histories pass up and down the stack of mandalas such that the fundamental amplitude laws change , as does the spin network , and then consider the bundle of all such histories that end on a given spin network in a given gamma ring with given , perhaps new , fundamental amplitude laws .
imagine a sum of histories from an [first] gamma- tetrahedron in a mandala with some given fundamental amplitude laws ( thereby the [first] and boundary conditions are specified ) , where the pathways in that set of histories pass up and down the stack of mandalas such that the fundamental amplitude laws change , as does the spin network , and then consider the bundle of all such histories that end on a given spin network in a given gamma ring with given , perhaps new , fundamental amplitude laws .

In its initial version , in the place of point particles , string theory posited one-dimensional strings that might be open , with two ends , or closed loops , with no free ends .
in its [first] version , in the place of point particles , string theory posited one-dimensional strings that might be open , with two ends , or closed loops , with no free ends .

In the string theory context , one would consider a hyperspace of Calabi-Yau spaces , in which neighboring Calabi-Yau spaces would propagate amplitudes from the same initial condition in dierent ways .
in the string theory context , one would consider a hyperspace of calabi-yau spaces , in which neighboring calabi-yau spaces would propagate amplitudes from the same [first] condition in dierent ways .

In the hyperspace of Calabi-Yau spaces , where one Calabi-Yau space can deform into its neighbors , it should be possible to construct a sum over all histories of trajectories between an initial and final state in the same or dierent Calabi-Yau space , then seek such sums over histories that maximize constructive interference .
in the hyperspace of calabi-yau spaces , where one calabi-yau space can deform into its neighbors , it should be possible to construct a sum over all histories of trajectories between an [first] and final state in the same or dierent calabi-yau space , then seek such sums over histories that maximize constructive interference .

If we are to conceive of an initial spin network , say a tetrahedron , and all possible daughter spin networks , as well as all their possible daughter spin networks , propagating amplitudes on the mandala , then at any moment N steps away from moment , more than one geometry is possible namely all those reachable in N Pachner moves .
if we are to conceive of an [first] spin network , say a tetrahedron , and all possible daughter spin networks , as well as all their possible daughter spin networks , propagating amplitudes on the mandala , then at any moment n steps away from moment , more than one geometry is possible namely all those reachable in n pachner moves .

If we begin with an initial tetrahedron of geometry , it can have four daughter tetrahedra .
if we begin with an [first] tetrahedron of geometry , it can have four daughter tetrahedra .

In turn , each daughter tetrahedron can have two or more daughter tetrahedra , hence , the initial spin network can grow exponentially in the number of tetrahedra before decoherence sets in .
in turn , each daughter tetrahedron can have two or more daughter tetrahedra , hence , the [first] spin network can grow exponentially in the number of tetrahedra before decoherence sets in .

This is a clue that a purely quantum account might be given of an initial exponential expansion of a universe starting with a single tetrahedron .
this is a clue that a purely quantum account might be given of an [first] exponential expansion of a universe starting with a single tetrahedron .

Second , an initial exponential expansion of geometry might overcome , as the inflationary hypothesis does , the particle-horizon problem in cosmology , in which we confront the puzzle of why parts of the universe that have been out of apparent causal contact since the big bang can be so similar .
second , an [first] exponential expansion of geometry might overcome , as the inflationary hypothesis does , the particle-horizon problem in cosmology , in which we confront the puzzle of why parts of the universe that have been out of apparent causal contact since the big bang can be so similar .

If the initial expansion is exponential , then slows to linear , as in the inflationary hypothesis or perhaps in this purely quantum approach , then the particle-horizon problem may disappear .
if the [first] expansion is exponential , then slows to linear , as in the inflationary hypothesis or perhaps in this purely quantum approach , then the particle-horizon problem may disappear .

Given that , then an initial exponential explosion of flat and warped geometry occurs until decoherence sets in on a length scale of something like cm .
given that , then an [first] exponential explosion of flat and warped geometry occurs until decoherence sets in on a length scale of something like cm .

The initial approach route , along the A593 from Ambleside , is characterized by rocky knolls rising from the valley bottoms .
the [first] approach route , along the a593 from ambleside , is characterized by rocky knolls rising from the valley bottoms .

Despite its initial failings , Siegel ’ s Flamingo survived him , as did mob infiltration of casinos .
despite its [first] failings , siegel ’ s flamingo survived him , as did mob infiltration of casinos .

In these already overpopulated islands , where Roman Catholicism is the predominant religion , the government provides an initial lump sum for each birth and a monthly support grant , allocation familiale , for each child .
in these already overpopulated islands , where roman catholicism is the predominant religion , the government provides an [first] lump sum for each birth and a monthly support grant , allocation familiale , for each child .

You ’ ll probably end up with a price that ’ s around 50–70 % of this initial price so if the goods are genuinely more expensive than you want to pay , better to walk away now with a handshake and a firm “ no thank you .
you ’ ll probably end up with a price that ’ s around 50–70 % of this [first] price so if the goods are genuinely more expensive than you want to pay , better to walk away now with a handshake and a firm “ no thank you .

Initial demand for land in the New Town was not spectacular ; in fact , incentives had to be offered to entice buyers .
[first] demand for land in the new town was not spectacular ; in fact , incentives had to be offered to entice buyers .

Roman Jerusalem After the initial years of Roman administration and political infighting , Rome installed Herod ( scion of a family from Idumea , a Jewish kingdom in the desert ) as King of Judea .
roman jerusalem after the [first] years of roman administration and political infighting , rome installed herod ( scion of a family from idumea , a jewish kingdom in the desert ) as king of judea .

A combination of public library , modern-art museum , ciné­ma­thèque , children ’ s workshop , industrial-design center , experimental music laboratory , and open-air circus , it is a popular place despite the initial upset over its unorthodox “ inside-out ” design .
a combination of public library , modern-art museum , ciné­ma­thèque , children ’ s workshop , industrial-design center , experimental music laboratory , and open-air circus , it is a popular place despite the [first] upset over its unorthodox “ inside-out ” design .

Once you begin to look underneath this initial veneer of a “ do-nothing-in-the-tropics ” holiday , it ’ s like peeling the layers of an onion .
once you begin to look underneath this [first] veneer of a “ do-nothing-in-the-tropics ” holiday , it ’ s like peeling the layers of an onion .

After an initial nationalist resistance to using English to accompany Malay road signs , a new effort is being made to accommodate foreign drivers .
after an [first] nationalist resistance to using english to accompany malay road signs , a new effort is being made to accommodate foreign drivers .

Special hatcheries have been set aside , where the eggs are collected from the initial nest and reburied in a safe location .
special hatcheries have been set aside , where the eggs are collected from the [first] nest and reburied in a safe location .

The standard tour is an initial orientation to the longhouse , highlighting the bilik ( apartments ) as distinct from the ruai ( communal areas ) .
the standard tour is an [first] orientation to the longhouse , highlighting the bilik ( apartments ) as distinct from the ruai ( communal areas ) .

Carthage ’ s luck changed with an initial victory in the Second Punic War ( 218–201 b.c . ) .
carthage ’ s luck changed with an [first] victory in the second punic war ( 218–201 b.c . ) .

Without doubt , the initial lure of the city is its numerous historic buildings .
without doubt , the [first] lure of the city is its numerous historic buildings .

The initial quake wiped out about 5,000 buildings , but the great fire that followed destroyed most of the city .
the [first] quake wiped out about 5,000 buildings , but the great fire that followed destroyed most of the city .

Street markets should have the lowest prices of all , but the initial price set by the vendor is always on the high side .
street markets should have the lowest prices of all , but the [first] price set by the vendor is always on the high side .

The initial centuries of enforced settlement , followed by emancipation and the ensuing years of equality , have produced Bermuda ’ s modern biracial society .
the [first] centuries of enforced settlement , followed by emancipation and the ensuing years of equality , have produced bermuda ’ s modern biracial society .

A large marina and 18-hole golf course attract a mixed group of people but the initial lure , and reason for the whole development , is Treasure Beach , one of the best in the whole Caribbean .
a large marina and 18-hole golf course attract a mixed group of people but the [first] lure , and reason for the whole development , is treasure beach , one of the best in the whole caribbean .

You can rise from Neápolis through several small communities for a panoramic initial view of the plain and the impressive Psari Madára peak ( 2148 m/7047 ft ) beyond .
you can rise from neápolis through several small communities for a panoramic [first] view of the plain and the impressive psari madára peak ( 2148 m/7047 ft ) beyond .

The west of the island was the initial landing spot for German forces in WWII and saw much fighting .
the west of the island was the [first] landing spot for german forces in wwii and saw much fighting .

Its fortunes changed with an initial victory in the Second Punic War ( 218–201 b.c .
its fortunes changed with an [first] victory in the second punic war ( 218–201 b.c .

Greenberg could not identify the source of the initial $ 25,000 .
greenberg could not identify the source of the [first] $ 25,000 .

The initial demand for legal services was what prompted Brownell to add a second session each month .
the [first] demand for legal services was what prompted brownell to add a second session each month .

It has elicited at least initial interest from 19 more .
it has elicited at least [first] interest from 19 more .

UT law students will staff the center and conduct the initial interviews with clients to find out what their legal problems are and how they can be helped .
ut law students will staff the center and conduct the [first] interviews with clients to find out what their legal problems are and how they can be helped .

Similarly , the Advanced Trauma Life Support course provides a standardized approach to the initial care of the injured patient .
similarly , the advanced trauma life support course provides a standardized approach to the [first] care of the injured patient .

Whether this awareness is viewed as a `` hitting bottom '' phenomenon or in more traditional motivational terms , there does seem to be a connection between readiness to change and recognition that negative consequences can be directly linked to a behavior.17 Reports from emergency staff and anecdotal descriptions of some interventions support the results of the above studies , indicating heightened motivation in the initial period of time in the emergency setting .
whether this awareness is viewed as a `` hitting bottom '' phenomenon or in more traditional motivational terms , there does seem to be a connection between readiness to change and recognition that negative consequences can be directly linked to a behavior.17 reports from emergency staff and anecdotal descriptions of some interventions support the results of the above studies , indicating heightened motivation in the [first] period of time in the emergency setting .

However , it is not clear how long this initial openness to change lasts .
however , it is not clear how long this [first] openness to change lasts .

Moreover , these visits are not consistently attended by the patient or delivered by the same physician who saw the patient in the initial visit to the emergency setting .
moreover , these visits are not consistently attended by the patient or delivered by the same physician who saw the patient in the [first] visit to the emergency setting .

Although many single-visit alcohol interventions in medical settings have been effective,32 the context of the emergency setting does increase the importance of considering follow through after the initial contact .
although many single-visit alcohol interventions in medical settings have been effective,32 the context of the emergency setting does increase the importance of considering follow through after the [first] contact .

Hargarten 's initial understanding of this recommendation was that screening activities for alcohol problems should be integrated with the screening and interventions the ED does for a whole range of problems .
hargarten 's [first] understanding of this recommendation was that screening activities for alcohol problems should be integrated with the screening and interventions the ed does for a whole range of problems .

In the months since the horrible events of September 11th , the President and the Congress have responded with important and aggressive actions to protect the nation , including creating an Office of Homeland Security ( OHS ) , passing new laws such as the USA Patriot Act and an initial emergency supplemental spending bill , establishing a new agency to improve transportation security , and working with unprecedented collaboration with federal , state , and local governments , private sector entities , non-governmental organizations , and other countries to prevent future terrorist acts and to bring to justice those individuals responsible for such terrible acts .
in the months since the horrible events of september 11th , the president and the congress have responded with important and aggressive actions to protect the nation , including creating an office of homeland security ( ohs ) , passing new laws such as the usa patriot act and an [first] emergency supplemental spending bill , establishing a new agency to improve transportation security , and working with unprecedented collaboration with federal , state , and local governments , private sector entities , non-governmental organizations , and other countries to prevent future terrorist acts and to bring to justice those individuals responsible for such terrible acts .

As a result , it will be important for the new department to focus on : articulating a clear overarching mission and core values ; establishing a short list of initial critical priorities ; assuring effective communication and information systems ; and developing an overall implementation plan for the new national strategy and related reorganization .
as a result , it will be important for the new department to focus on : articulating a clear overarching mission and core values ; establishing a short list of [first] critical priorities ; assuring effective communication and information systems ; and developing an overall implementation plan for the new national strategy and related reorganization .

In addition to the above criteria that the Congress should consider when evaluating what to include and exclude from the proposed DHS , there are certain critical success factors the new department should emphasize in its initial implementation phase .
in addition to the above criteria that the congress should consider when evaluating what to include and exclude from the proposed dhs , there are certain critical success factors the new department should emphasize in its [first] implementation phase .

Congress may want to consider not expressly providing certain flexibilities in the initial legislation , but rather providing a mechanism for expedited consideration of flexibilities should the new department request them in the future .
congress may want to consider not expressly providing certain flexibilities in the [first] legislation , but rather providing a mechanism for expedited consideration of flexibilities should the new department request them in the future .

Related GAO Products Reorganization FBI Reorganization : Initial Steps Encouraging but Broad Transformation Needed ( GAO-02-865T , June 21 , 2002 ) .
related gao products reorganization fbi reorganization : [first] steps encouraging but broad transformation needed ( gao-02-865t , june 21 , 2002 ) .

Because they implemented a set of balanced expectations prior to the Office of Personnel Management requirement , GAO studied the Bureau of Land Management 's , Federal Highway Administration 's , Internal Revenue Service 's , and Veterans Benefits Administration 's use of balanced expectations to manage senior executive performance in order to identify initial approaches that may be helpful to other agencies in holding senior executives accountable for results .
because they implemented a set of balanced expectations prior to the office of personnel management requirement , gao studied the bureau of land management 's , federal highway administration 's , internal revenue service 's , and veterans benefits administration 's use of balanced expectations to manage senior executive performance in order to identify [first] approaches that may be helpful to other agencies in holding senior executives accountable for results .

What GAO Found The agencies GAO reviewed developed an initial set of balanced expectations for senior executives to address in their individual performance plans .
what gao found the agencies gao reviewed developed an [first] set of balanced expectations for senior executives to address in their individual performance plans .

The agencies generally agreed with these conclusions , as well as the selected initial implementation approaches GAO identified , as shown below .
the agencies generally agreed with these conclusions , as well as the selected [first] implementation approaches gao identified , as shown below .

Selected Initial Implementation Approaches to Manage Senior Executive Performance that May Be Helpful to Other Agencies Provide Useful Data .
selected [first] implementation approaches to manage senior executive performance that may be helpful to other agencies provide useful data .

Our second objective was to identify the initial implementation approaches these agencies have taken to manage senior executive performance that may be helpful to other agencies as they implement OPM 's amended regulations governing senior executive performance management systems .
our second objective was to identify the [first] implementation approaches these agencies have taken to manage senior executive performance that may be helpful to other agencies as they implement opm 's amended regulations governing senior executive performance management systems .

In addition , we identified an initial set of selected implementation approaches BLM , FHWA , IRS , and VBA are taking that may be helpful to other agencies as they manage senior executive performance against balanced expectations .
in addition , we identified an [first] set of selected implementation approaches blm , fhwa , irs , and vba are taking that may be helpful to other agencies as they manage senior executive performance against balanced expectations .

Initial Implementation Approaches to Manage Senior Executives ' Performance employment and opportunity .
[first] implementation approaches to manage senior executives ' performance employment and opportunity .

While the four agencies tailored their performance management systems to fit their organizational and operational needs , we identified an initial set of implementation approaches that BLM , FHWA , IRS , and VBA are taking that may be helpful to other agencies as they manage senior executive performance against balanced expectations .
while the four agencies tailored their performance management systems to fit their organizational and operational needs , we identified an [first] set of implementation approaches that blm , fhwa , irs , and vba are taking that may be helpful to other agencies as they manage senior executive performance against balanced expectations .

After the initial summary evaluation ratings are assigned , the senior executives ' ratings are converted into points-an `` outstanding '' rating converts to six points ; an `` exceeded '' to four points , which is the baseline ; a `` met '' to two points ; and a `` not met '' to zero points .
after the [first] summary evaluation ratings are assigned , the senior executives ' ratings are converted into points-an `` outstanding '' rating converts to six points ; an `` exceeded '' to four points , which is the baseline ; a `` met '' to two points ; and a `` not met '' to zero points .

Their initial implementation approaches to manage senior executives ' performance recognize the importance of providing useful data so that executives can track their individual performance against organizational results on a real-time basis and the benefit of requiring follow-up action on customer and employee issues through workgroup meetings and action plans .
their [first] implementation approaches to manage senior executives ' performance recognize the importance of providing useful data so that executives can track their individual performance against organizational results on a real-time basis and the benefit of requiring follow-up action on customer and employee issues through workgroup meetings and action plans .

To identify the initial implementation approaches these agencies have taken that may be helpful to other agencies as they manage senior executive performance against the balanced expectations , we interviewed senior executives in person or over the telephone at the four agencies .
to identify the [first] implementation approaches these agencies have taken that may be helpful to other agencies as they manage senior executive performance against the balanced expectations , we interviewed senior executives in person or over the telephone at the four agencies .

Initial assessment ratings : For each performance objective in their individual performance plan , senior executives receive an assessment of `` achieved results , '' `` minimally satisfactory , '' or `` unsatisfactory . ''
[first] assessment ratings : for each performance objective in their individual performance plan , senior executives receive an assessment of `` achieved results , '' `` minimally satisfactory , '' or `` unsatisfactory . ''

The New York Stock Exchange is moving to adopt certain changes in its listing requirements relating to governance matters ; boards and audit committees are taking their related responsibilities much more seriously ; the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) is exploring a principles-based approach to accounting standards and is reconsidering the current accounting and reporting treatment for SPEs and stock options ; the AICPA has issued a new fraud detection audit standard and is beginning to assess the need for other enhanced attest and assurance standards but it clearly needs to pick up the pace ; the U.S. Congress has passed the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation which included establishment of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) , tougher independence standards for auditors of public companies , and independent funding sources for the PCAOB and the FASB ; the SEC has taken a number of regulatory and enforcement actions and made initial appointments to the PCAOB ; various U.S .
the new york stock exchange is moving to adopt certain changes in its listing requirements relating to governance matters ; boards and audit committees are taking their related responsibilities much more seriously ; the financial accounting standards board ( fasb ) is exploring a principles-based approach to accounting standards and is reconsidering the current accounting and reporting treatment for spes and stock options ; the aicpa has issued a new fraud detection audit standard and is beginning to assess the need for other enhanced attest and assurance standards but it clearly needs to pick up the pace ; the u.s. congress has passed the sarbanes-oxley legislation which included establishment of the public company accounting oversight board ( pcaob ) , tougher independence standards for auditors of public companies , and independent funding sources for the pcaob and the fasb ; the sec has taken a number of regulatory and enforcement actions and made [first] appointments to the pcaob ; various u.s .

To achieve this goal , he directed the head of each agency without an unqualified audit opinion to submit to the OMB ( 1 ) an initial plan for resolving financial reporting deficiencies and ( 2 ) quarterly progress reports for achieving the goal .
to achieve this goal , he directed the head of each agency without an unqualified audit opinion to submit to the omb ( 1 ) an [first] plan for resolving financial reporting deficiencies and ( 2 ) quarterly progress reports for achieving the goal .

Section 603 : Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis The preamble to the proposed rule stated that the entities that would be required to comply with the rule are public utilities and transmitting utilities that do not fall within the Regulatory Flexibility Act 's definition of small entity.1 60 Fed .
section 603 : [first] regulatory flexibility analysis the preamble to the proposed rule stated that the entities that would be required to comply with the rule are public utilities and transmitting utilities that do not fall within the regulatory flexibility act 's definition of small entity.1 60 fed .

Section 603 : Initial regulatory flexibility analysis The Supplementary Information accompanying the proposed rulemaking includes a certification , pursuant to section 605 ( b ) of title 5 , that the proposal would not have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities , thereby exempting the proposed rule from the requirement for an initial regulatory flexibility analysis .
section 603 : [first] regulatory flexibility analysis the supplementary information accompanying the proposed rulemaking includes a certification , pursuant to section 605 ( b ) of title 5 , that the proposal would not have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities , thereby exempting the proposed rule from the requirement for an [first] regulatory flexibility analysis .

Section 605 : Avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis As noted above , NHTSA invoked the exemption from the initial regulatory flexibility analysis requirement with respect to the proposed rule .
section 605 : avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis as noted above , nhtsa invoked the exemption from the [first] regulatory flexibility analysis requirement with respect to the proposed rule .

Section 607 : Preparation of analysis As noted above , NHTSA did not prepare an initial or final regulatory flexibility analysis .
section 607 : preparation of analysis as noted above , nhtsa did not prepare an [first] or final regulatory flexibility analysis .

For government agencies , data sharing can be particularly useful in confirming initial or continuing eligibility of participants in benefit programs and in identifying improper payments that have already been made .
for government agencies , data sharing can be particularly useful in confirming [first] or continuing eligibility of participants in benefit programs and in identifying improper payments that have already been made .

A form of data sharing that Texas has found to be effective for determining the initial eligibility of individuals for Food Stamp benefits puts information from several state and local agencies in 11See also Benefit and Loan Programs : Improved Data Sharing Could Enhance Program Integrity ( GAO/HEHS-00-119 , September 13 , 2000 ) .
a form of data sharing that texas has found to be effective for determining the [first] eligibility of individuals for food stamp benefits puts information from several state and local agencies in 11see also benefit and loan programs : improved data sharing could enhance program integrity ( gao/hehs-00-119 , september 13 , 2000 ) .

Beyond determining initial eligibility of participants in benefit programs , data sharing can also be used to identify improper payments that have already been made .
beyond determining [first] eligibility of participants in benefit programs , data sharing can also be used to identify improper payments that have already been made .

Then , the same representative who made the initial visit revisits the new provider to answer questions and discuss any problems noted in the claims sample .
then , the same representative who made the [first] visit revisits the new provider to answer questions and discuss any problems noted in the claims sample .

Based on the responses from our initial requests for information from the countries and organizations and our Internet search results , we selected three countries ( Australia , New Zealand , and the United Kingdom ) as possible study participants .
based on the responses from our [first] requests for information from the countries and organizations and our internet search results , we selected three countries ( australia , new zealand , and the united kingdom ) as possible study participants .

After initial conversations with a number of organizations , we narrowed our focus to eight organizations that had implemented fairly comprehensive organizationwide information security programs .
after [first] conversations with a number of organizations , we narrowed our focus to eight organizations that had implemented fairly comprehensive organizationwide information security programs .

However , they said that such measurements would be difficult because it is costly to do the research and recordkeeping necessary to develop information on ( 1 ) the full cost of controls -- both the initial cost and operational inefficiencies associated with the controls -- and ( 2 ) the full cost of incidents or problems resulting from inadequate controls .
however , they said that such measurements would be difficult because it is costly to do the research and recordkeeping necessary to develop information on ( 1 ) the full cost of controls -- both the [first] cost and operational inefficiencies associated with the controls -- and ( 2 ) the full cost of incidents or problems resulting from inadequate controls .

An initial Notice of Proposed Rulemaking was published in the Federal Register on December 8 , 1994 ( 59 Fed .
an [first] notice of proposed rulemaking was published in the federal register on december 8 , 1994 ( 59 fed .

The initial subsidy cost is recognized as an expense ; a positive subsidy reestimate is recognized as an expense ; and a downward subsidy reestimate is recognized as a direct reduction in expense , not as a revenue , gain , or other financing source .
the [first] subsidy cost is recognized as an expense ; a positive subsidy reestimate is recognized as an expense ; and a downward subsidy reestimate is recognized as a direct reduction in expense , not as a revenue , gain , or other financing source .

The assumption is made under this method that every employee entered the plan ( entry age ) at the time of initial employment or at the earliest eligibility date , if the plan had been in existence , and that contributions have been made from the entry age to the date of the actuarial valuation .
the assumption is made under this method that every employee entered the plan ( entry age ) at the time of [first] employment or at the earliest eligibility date , if the plan had been in existence , and that contributions have been made from the entry age to the date of the actuarial valuation .

Recognition comprehends both initial recognition of an item and recognition of subsequent changes in or removal of a previously recognized item .
recognition comprehends both [first] recognition of an item and recognition of subsequent changes in or removal of a previously recognized item .

GAO/OGC-98-32 The analysis discusses the comments received in response to the initial analysis and the actions taken by the Department in response .
gao/ogc-98-32 the analysis discusses the comments received in response to the [first] analysis and the actions taken by the department in response .

Section 603 : Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis The proposed rulemaking , 61 Fed .
section 603 : [first] regulatory flexibility analysis the proposed rulemaking , 61 fed .

Although no comments were filed that addressed the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis , comments were received from 97 entities .
although no comments were filed that addressed the [first] regulatory flexibility analysis , comments were received from 97 entities .

Because of its power to create and fund programs , the involvement of Congress is indispensable to defining each agency 's mission and establishing its goals.8 This may entail identifying legislative changes that are needed to clarify or modify Congress ' intent and expectations or to address differing conditions and citizens ' needs that have occurred since the initial statutory requirements were established .
because of its power to create and fund programs , the involvement of congress is indispensable to defining each agency 's mission and establishing its goals.8 this may entail identifying legislative changes that are needed to clarify or modify congress ' intent and expectations or to address differing conditions and citizens ' needs that have occurred since the [first] statutory requirements were established .

OMB also is required to select at least five agencies from among the initial pilot agencies to pilot Page 49 GAO/GGD-96-118 Government Performance and Results Act managerial accountability and flexibility for fiscal years 1995 and 1996 ; however , as of June 1996 it had not done so .
omb also is required to select at least five agencies from among the [first] pilot agencies to pilot page 49 gao/ggd-96-118 government performance and results act managerial accountability and flexibility for fiscal years 1995 and 1996 ; however , as of june 1996 it had not done so .

Finally , GPRA requires OMB to select at least five agencies , at least three of which have had experience developing performance plans during the initial GPRA pilot phase , to test performance budgeting for fiscal years 1998 and 1999 .
finally , gpra requires omb to select at least five agencies , at least three of which have had experience developing performance plans during the [first] gpra pilot phase , to test performance budgeting for fiscal years 1998 and 1999 .

Managing for Results : The Department of Justice 's Initial Efforts to Implement GPRA ( GAO/GGD-95-167FS , June 20 , 1995 ) .
managing for results : the department of justice 's [first] efforts to implement gpra ( gao/ggd-95-167fs , june 20 , 1995 ) .

Therefore , the Commission prepared an initial and final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 and 604 of title 5 , respectively .
therefore , the commission prepared an [first] and final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 and 604 of title 5 , respectively .

Section 603 : Initial regulatory flexibility analysis The proposed rulemaking , 61 Fed .
section 603 : [first] regulatory flexibility analysis the proposed rulemaking , 61 fed .

An initial analysis , to be prepared for a proposed rule , is to describe the impact of the proposed rule on such hospitals and include the matters required under 5 U.S.C .
an [first] analysis , to be prepared for a proposed rule , is to describe the impact of the proposed rule on such hospitals and include the matters required under 5 u.s.c .

As in the case of the initial analysis , HCFA summarized the need for the rule in the preamble .
as in the case of the [first] analysis , hcfa summarized the need for the rule in the preamble .

In the final analysis , HCFA replaced the `` Objectives '' section with a discussion of changes to the initial analysis .
in the final analysis , hcfa replaced the `` objectives '' section with a discussion of changes to the [first] analysis .

With respect to section 604 ( a ) ( 2 ) , the analysis issued with the final rule states that HCFA received no comments on the methodology used in its initial analysis .
with respect to section 604 ( a ) ( 2 ) , the analysis issued with the final rule states that hcfa received no comments on the methodology used in its [first] analysis .

As discussed , HCFA published the full text of its initial analysis as an appendix to the proposed rule and invited comments from small entities .
as discussed , hcfa published the full text of its [first] analysis as an appendix to the proposed rule and invited comments from small entities .

The preambles of the proposed and final rules contain a combined regulatory impact analysis with an Initial and Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis , respectively .
the preambles of the proposed and final rules contain a combined regulatory impact analysis with an [first] and final regulatory flexibility analysis , respectively .

Section 603 : Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis The Federal Communications Commission initiated this proceeding with a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking and Notice of Inquiry that addressed a number of commercial mobile radio services regulatory issues .
section 603 : [first] regulatory flexibility analysis the federal communications commission initiated this proceeding with a notice of proposed rulemaking and notice of inquiry that addressed a number of commercial mobile radio services regulatory issues .

In both notices , the Commission prepared and published an Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis and invited written public comments on the proposed rulemaking , including comments on the initial regulatory flexibility analysis .
in both notices , the commission prepared and published an [first] regulatory flexibility analysis and invited written public comments on the proposed rulemaking , including comments on the [first] regulatory flexibility analysis .

This analysis includes information required by section 604 including a description of the need for and purpose of this Report and Order and a discussion of comments received in regard to the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis .
this analysis includes information required by section 604 including a description of the need for and purpose of this report and order and a discussion of comments received in regard to the [first] regulatory flexibility analysis .

Although no comments were filed in direct response to the initial analysis , the Commission stated that some general comments related to issues that could affect small entities .
although no comments were filed in direct response to the [first] analysis , the commission stated that some general comments related to issues that could affect small entities .

We have confirmed that copies of both the Initial and the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analyses were provided to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration as required by section 605 .
we have confirmed that copies of both the [first] and the final regulatory flexibility analyses were provided to the chief counsel for advocacy at the small business administration as required by section 605 .

Section 609 : Participation by small entities The Commission offered the opportunity to comment on both the initial and the second proposed rule and order to any interested parties , including small entities .
section 609 : participation by small entities the commission offered the opportunity to comment on both the [first] and the second proposed rule and order to any interested parties , including small entities .

An initial notice of proposed rulemaking was released on July 1 , 1994 ( 9 FCC Rcd 5408 ) and a second notice of proposed rulemaking was released on April 20 , 1995 ( 10 FCC Rcd 10666 ) .
an [first] notice of proposed rulemaking was released on july 1 , 1994 ( 9 fcc rcd 5408 ) and a second notice of proposed rulemaking was released on april 20 , 1995 ( 10 fcc rcd 10666 ) .

Efforts to Obtain Records GAO began its efforts to conduct this review on May 7 by following our standard practice of calling a designated contact to set up an initial meeting with NEPDG staff .
efforts to obtain records gao began its efforts to conduct this review on may 7 by following our standard practice of calling a designated contact to set up an [first] meeting with nepdg staff .

The engagement team generally should not finalize the audit plan or issue a commitment letter until it has done initial testing and reviewed existing information about the data and the system that produces the data .
the engagement team generally should not finalize the audit plan or issue a commitment letter until it has done [first] testing and reviewed existing information about the data and the system that produces the data .

Therefore , the specific assessment process should take into account these factors along with what is learned during the initial stage of the assessment .
therefore , the specific assessment process should take into account these factors along with what is learned during the [first] stage of the assessment .

These steps provide the basis for making a preliminary assessment of data reliability : ( 1 ) a review of related information and ( 2 ) initial testing ( see figure 4 ) .
these steps provide the basis for making a preliminary assessment of data reliability : ( 1 ) a review of related information and ( 2 ) [first] testing ( see figure 4 ) .

The time required to review related information and perform initial testing will vary , depending on the engagement and the amount of risk involved .
the time required to review related information and perform [first] testing will vary , depending on the engagement and the amount of risk involved .

Performing Initial Testing The second step-initial testing-can be done by applying logical tests to electronic data files or hard copy reports .
performing [first] testing the second step-initial testing-can be done by applying logical tests to electronic data files or hard copy reports .

Results of Initial Assessment Work At this point , as shown in figure 5 ( p. 19 ) , the team will already have performed the initial stage of the data reliability assessment .
results of [first] assessment work at this point , as shown in figure 5 ( p. 19 ) , the team will already have performed the [first] stage of the data reliability assessment .

They should have the results from the ( 1 ) review of all available existing information about the data and the system that produced them and ( 2 ) initial testing of the critical data elements .
they should have the results from the ( 1 ) review of all available existing information about the data and the system that produced them and ( 2 ) [first] testing of the critical data elements .

When to Assess Data as Sufficiently Reliable for Engagement Purposes You can assess the data as sufficiently reliable for engagement purposes when you conclude the following : Both the review of related information and the initial testing provide assurance that ( 1 ) the likelihood of significant errors or incompleteness is minimal and ( 2 ) the use of the data would not lead to an incorrect or unintentional message .
when to assess data as sufficiently reliable for engagement purposes you can assess the data as sufficiently reliable for engagement purposes when you conclude the following : both the review of related information and the [first] testing provide assurance that ( 1 ) the likelihood of significant errors or incompleteness is minimal and ( 2 ) the use of the data would not lead to an incorrect or unintentional message .

When to Assess Data as Not Sufficiently Reliable for Engagement Purposes You can assess the data as not sufficiently reliable for engagement purposes when you conclude the following : The review of related information or initial testing indicates that ( 1 ) significant errors or incompleteness exist in some or all of the key data elements and ( 2 ) using the data would probably lead to an incorrect or unintentional message .
when to assess data as not sufficiently reliable for engagement purposes you can assess the data as not sufficiently reliable for engagement purposes when you conclude the following : the review of related information or [first] testing indicates that ( 1 ) significant errors or incompleteness exist in some or all of the key data elements and ( 2 ) using the data would probably lead to an incorrect or unintentional message .

Therefore , the electronic testing done in the initial testing phase would have confirmed that the value of $ 100,000 fell within that range .
therefore , the electronic testing done in the [first] testing phase would have confirmed that the value of $ 100,000 fell within that range .

Using Advanced Electronic Testing Advanced electronic testing goes beyond the basic electronic testing that you did in initial testing ( see section 5 ) .
using advanced electronic testing advanced electronic testing goes beyond the basic electronic testing that you did in [first] testing ( see section 5 ) .

Sometimes , you identify potential system control problems in the initial steps of the assessment .
sometimes , you identify potential system control problems in the [first] steps of the assessment .

You can consider the data sufficiently reliable when you conclude the following : On the basis of the additional work , as well as the initial assessment work , using the data would not weaken the analysis nor lead to an incorrect or unintentional message .
you can consider the data sufficiently reliable when you conclude the following : on the basis of the additional work , as well as the [first] assessment work , using the data would not weaken the analysis nor lead to an incorrect or unintentional message .

Section 603 : Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis The Commission initiated this proceeding with a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that addressed issues raised by the provision of 911 and enhanced 911 services through certain technologies .
section 603 : [first] regulatory flexibility analysis the commission initiated this proceeding with a notice of proposed rulemaking that addressed issues raised by the provision of 911 and enhanced 911 services through certain technologies .

In that Notice , the Commission prepared and published an Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis and invited written public comments on the proposed rulemaking , including comments on the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis .
in that notice , the commission prepared and published an [first] regulatory flexibility analysis and invited written public comments on the proposed rulemaking , including comments on the [first] regulatory flexibility analysis .

Although no comments were submitted in direct response to the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis , the Commission noted that a number of the general comments on the Notice might have an effect on small entities , particularly on site-specific Specialized Mobile Radio ( SMR ) licensees and on rural cellular providers .
although no comments were submitted in direct response to the [first] regulatory flexibility analysis , the commission noted that a number of the general comments on the notice might have an effect on small entities , particularly on site-specific specialized mobile radio ( smr ) licensees and on rural cellular providers .

Finally , during the initial period of implementation , the agency should emphasize its review of the new process during the agency 's annual internal control review under FMFIA .
finally , during the [first] period of implementation , the agency should emphasize its review of the new process during the agency 's annual internal control review under fmfia .

For group health plans coverage under these rules , the Departments cite estimates formulated by the Congressional Budget Office which shows the initial yearly cost ( direct cost to the private sector ) to be $ 50 million with 300,000 people covered and $ 200 million in subsequent years for limiting the length of preexisting conditions exclusions to 12 months .
for group health plans coverage under these rules , the departments cite estimates formulated by the congressional budget office which shows the [first] yearly cost ( direct cost to the private sector ) to be $ 50 million with 300,000 people covered and $ 200 million in subsequent years for limiting the length of preexisting conditions exclusions to 12 months .

Section 603 : Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis The proposed rulemaking , 61 Fed .
section 603 : [first] regulatory flexibility analysis the proposed rulemaking , 61 fed .

The initial analysis invited comments on the potential impacts discussed .
the [first] analysis invited comments on the potential impacts discussed .

Therefore , they were not required to prepare an initial or final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 or 604 of the Act .
therefore , they were not required to prepare an [first] or final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 or 604 of the act .

Section 603 : Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis The proposed rulemaking , 61 Fed .
section 603 : [first] regulatory flexibility analysis the proposed rulemaking , 61 fed .

The Commission sought written public comments on the proposed rulemaking , including comments on the initial regulatory flexibility analysis .
the commission sought written public comments on the proposed rulemaking , including comments on the [first] regulatory flexibility analysis .

It also reports that no comments were submitted in response to GAO/OGC-96-28 the initial regulatory flexibility analysis .
it also reports that no comments were submitted in response to gao/ogc-96-28 the [first] regulatory flexibility analysis .

Agency officials stated that copies of both the initial and the final analysis were submitted to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration as required by section 605 ( b ) .
agency officials stated that copies of both the [first] and the final analysis were submitted to the chief counsel for advocacy at the small business administration as required by section 605 ( b ) .

Therefore , there was no requirement to prepare an initial or final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 or 604 of the Act .
therefore , there was no requirement to prepare an [first] or final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 or 604 of the act .

The second knowledge point is achieved when the product 's design is determined to be capable of meeting product requirements-the design is stable and ready to begin initial manufacturing of prototypes .
the second knowledge point is achieved when the product 's design is determined to be capable of meeting product requirements-the design is stable and ready to begin [first] manufacturing of prototypes .

Page 5 GAO-02-701 Best Practices Principal Findings Timely Design and Manufacturing Knowledge Is Critical to Program Success Knowledge that a product 's design is stable early in the program facilitates informed decisions about whether to significantly increase investments and reduces the risk of costly design changes that can result from unknowns after initial manufacturing begins .
page 5 gao-02-701 best practices principal findings timely design and manufacturing knowledge is critical to program success knowledge that a product 's design is stable early in the program facilitates informed decisions about whether to significantly increase investments and reduces the risk of costly design changes that can result from unknowns after [first] manufacturing begins .

These activities provided knowledge that the product design was stable at the decision point to start initial manufacturing ( exiting the integration phase ) as demonstrated by the completion of 90 percent of the engineering drawings .
these activities provided knowledge that the product design was stable at the decision point to start [first] manufacturing ( exiting the integration phase ) as demonstrated by the completion of 90 percent of the engineering drawings .

At their initial manufacturing decision reviews , the F-22 , PAC-3 , and ATIRCM/CMWS had less than onethird of their engineering drawings , in part , because they did not use prototypes to demonstrate the design met requirements before starting initial manufacturing .
at their [first] manufacturing decision reviews , the f-22 , pac-3 , and atircm/cmws had less than onethird of their engineering drawings , in part , because they did not use prototypes to demonstrate the design met requirements before starting [first] manufacturing .

Page 20 GAO-02-701 Best Practices the product design for initial manufacturing and testing as well as for production .
page 20 gao-02-701 best practices the product design for [first] manufacturing and testing as well as for production .

Specifically , knowledge that a product 's design is stable early in the program facilitates informed decisions about whether to significantly increase investments and reduces the risk of costly design changes that can result from unknowns after initial manufacturing begins .
specifically , knowledge that a product 's design is stable early in the program facilitates informed decisions about whether to significantly increase investments and reduces the risk of costly design changes that can result from unknowns after [first] manufacturing begins .

In the DOD process , this knowledge point should happen by the critical design review , before system demonstration and the initial manufacturing of production representative products begins .
in the dod process , this knowledge point should happen by the critical design review , before system demonstration and the [first] manufacturing of production representative products begins .

On these programs , the initial phase of production-sometimes known as low-rate initial production-was able to focus on building operational test articles and improving the production processes , instead of continuing the product 's design and development .
on these programs , the [first] phase of production-sometimes known as low-rate [first] production-was able to focus on building operational test articles and improving the production processes , instead of continuing the product 's design and development .

In 1999 , after developing and testing a number of engineering prototype missiles , the program held a critical design review to determine if the program was ready to begin initial manufacturing of a production representative prototype for system demonstration .
in 1999 , after developing and testing a number of engineering prototype missiles , the program held a critical design review to determine if the program was ready to begin [first] manufacturing of a production representative prototype for system demonstration .

Despite having only about a quarter of the eventual design drawings completed for the system , the program declared the design to be stable and ready to begin initial manufacturing .
despite having only about a quarter of the eventual design drawings completed for the system , the program declared the design to be stable and ready to begin [first] manufacturing .

During the building of the initial aircraft , several design and manufacturing problems surfaced that affected the deliveries of major sections of the aircraft .
during the building of the [first] aircraft , several design and manufacturing problems surfaced that affected the deliveries of major sections of the aircraft .

Like the F-22 , the review demanded less proof about the product 's design in the form of engineering drawings before deciding to begin initial manufacturing .
like the f-22 , the review demanded less proof about the product 's design in the form of engineering drawings before deciding to begin [first] manufacturing .

Design elements not achievable in the initial development were planned for subsequent development efforts in future generations of the product , but only when technologies were proven to be mature and other resources were available .
design elements not achievable in the [first] development were planned for subsequent development efforts in future generations of the product , but only when technologies were proven to be mature and other resources were available .

Table 4 : Examples of Prototypes Used by Cummins Inc. at Various Stages of Product Development Product integration Product demonstration Production Prototype Engineering prototypes ( virtual or Production representative prototypes Initial products physical ) Purpose Demonstrate form , fit and function , and Demonstrate the product is capable , Demonstrate ready for full rate a stable design reliable , and manufacturing production processes in statistical control Build environment Engineering Manufacturing Production ( all rate tooling ) ( 1st set of production tooling ) Cummins , the world sales leader in diesel engines over 200 horsepower , effectively uses prototypes to ensure that a design is stable and believes in the value of prototyping throughout product development .
table 4 : examples of prototypes used by cummins inc. at various stages of product development product integration product demonstration production prototype engineering prototypes ( virtual or production representative prototypes [first] products physical ) purpose demonstrate form , fit and function , and demonstrate the product is capable , demonstrate ready for full rate a stable design reliable , and manufacturing production processes in statistical control build environment engineering manufacturing production ( all rate tooling ) ( 1st set of production tooling ) cummins , the world sales leader in diesel engines over 200 horsepower , effectively uses prototypes to ensure that a design is stable and believes in the value of prototyping throughout product development .

In evolving its products this way , Caterpillar is able to use modeling and simulation prior to initial manufacturing because it has existing products to provide a baseline of knowledge and a good benchmark for assessing the simulated performance .
in evolving its products this way , caterpillar is able to use modeling and simulation prior to [first] manufacturing because it has existing products to provide a baseline of knowledge and a good benchmark for assessing the simulated performance .

When Caterpillar developed the 797 mining truck , a new 360ton payload truck design , it demonstrated design stability by identifying the critical components and building engineering prototypes of them for reliability testing and demonstration of the design before beginning initial manufacturing .
when caterpillar developed the 797 mining truck , a new 360ton payload truck design , it demonstrated design stability by identifying the critical components and building engineering prototypes of them for reliability testing and demonstration of the design before beginning [first] manufacturing .

This knowledge , coupled with vast experience in manufacturing trucks , ensured the stability of the 797-truck design before initial manufacturing started .
this knowledge , coupled with vast experience in manufacturing trucks , ensured the stability of the 797-truck design before [first] manufacturing started .

The commercial companies we visited understood the importance of having disciplined design reviews and getting agreement from the stakeholders that the product 's design had been demonstrated to meet requirements before beginning initial manufacturing .
the commercial companies we visited understood the importance of having disciplined design reviews and getting agreement from the stakeholders that the product 's design had been demonstrated to meet requirements before beginning [first] manufacturing .

From past experience , commercial companies have Executive Level Reviews Were Required to Begin Initial Manufacturing discovered that cross-functional teams provide a complete perspective of the product .
from past experience , commercial companies have executive level reviews were required to begin [first] manufacturing discovered that cross-functional teams provide a complete perspective of the product .

Initial prototypes for a complex product with major technological advances have inherent deficiencies .
[first] prototypes for a complex product with major technological advances have inherent deficiencies .

These programs had demonstrated a significantly higher degree of design stability prior to entering system demonstration and committing to initial manufacturing when compared to other DOD weapon programs in our review .
these programs had demonstrated a significantly higher degree of design stability prior to entering system demonstration and committing to [first] manufacturing when compared to other dod weapon programs in our review .

With this daunting task , these programs failed to demonstrate a stable design before committing to initial manufacturing , causing quality and labor problems .
with this daunting task , these programs failed to demonstrate a stable design before committing to [first] manufacturing , causing quality and labor problems .

According to program officials , this not only helped stabilize the design before entering initial manufacturing but grew system reliability and reduced total ownership costs .
according to program officials , this not only helped stabilize the design before entering [first] manufacturing but grew system reliability and reduced total ownership costs .

The program also held design reviews for each of the major subsystems , allowing the program to achieve and demonstrate a stable design in July 1999 , before beginning initial manufacturing of production representative prototypes .
the program also held design reviews for each of the major subsystems , allowing the program to achieve and demonstrate a stable design in july 1999 , before beginning [first] manufacturing of production representative prototypes .

The program completed 3,070 initial engineering drawings at its critical design review in 1995 , about 26 percent of the eventual drawings needed .
the program completed 3,070 [first] engineering drawings at its critical design review in 1995 , about 26 percent of the eventual drawings needed .

U.S. General Accounting Office , Tactical Aircraft : F-22 Delays Indicate Initial Production Rates Should Be Lower to Reduce Risks GAO-02-298 ( Washington , D.C. : Mar .
u.s. general accounting office , tactical aircraft : f-22 delays indicate [first] production rates should be lower to reduce risks gao-02-298 ( washington , d.c. : mar .

This uncertainty in the expected drawings not only indicates that the design was not stable when initial manufacturing began but also shows that there was a significant lack of knowledge about the design .
this uncertainty in the expected drawings not only indicates that the design was not stable when [first] manufacturing began but also shows that there was a significant lack of knowledge about the design .

Figure 8 shows the design knowledge at the critical design review , when the decision was made to commit to initial manufacturing of the missile .
figure 8 shows the design knowledge at the critical design review , when the decision was made to commit to [first] manufacturing of the missile .

Prototypes of the product design were not built before the critical design review or before initial manufacturing started to show that the design would work .
prototypes of the product design were not built before the critical design review or before [first] manufacturing started to show that the design would work .

According to program officials , there was little emphasis during development or initial production on using statistical control on critical manufacturing processes .
according to program officials , there was little emphasis during development or [first] production on using statistical control on critical manufacturing processes .

This uncertainty is reflected in contractor estimates that more than 50 percent of the time charged to build the initial production missiles will be for engineering activities .
this uncertainty is reflected in contractor estimates that more than 50 percent of the time charged to build the [first] production missiles will be for engineering activities .

The low-rate initial production decision occurs after this phase of product development .
the low-rate [first] production decision occurs after this phase of product development .

For example , the F-22 , PAC-3 , and ATIRCMS/CMWS programs had less than one-third of their engineering drawings completed at their critical design review , but each obtained the funding necessary to move onto the initial manufacturing of production representative prototypes .
for example , the f-22 , pac-3 , and atircms/cmws programs had less than one-third of their engineering drawings completed at their critical design review , but each obtained the funding necessary to move onto the [first] manufacturing of production representative prototypes .

EPA prepared an initial regulatory flexibility analysis in compliance with section 603 of the Act ; it published a summary of that analysis in the preamble to the proposed rule in the Federal Register on October 20 , 1993 .
epa prepared an [first] regulatory flexibility analysis in compliance with section 603 of the act ; it published a summary of that analysis in the preamble to the proposed rule in the federal register on october 20 , 1993 .

The analysis concluded that the economic burden for initial compliance would be minimal for about 90 percent of the small businesses affected .
the analysis concluded that the economic burden for [first] compliance would be minimal for about 90 percent of the small businesses affected .

No detailed analysis of the impact on small entities was performed because of the relatively low cost of implementation estimated by EPA ( for most manufacturers substantially less than 1 percent of sales the first year and considerably less in subsequent years ; for non-manufacturers less than $ 1,000 for initial compliance ) .
no detailed analysis of the impact on small entities was performed because of the relatively low cost of implementation estimated by epa ( for most manufacturers substantially less than 1 percent of sales the first year and considerably less in subsequent years ; for non-manufacturers less than $ 1,000 for [first] compliance ) .

EPA considered comments on both the initial and the proposed rule in making these decisions .
epa considered comments on both the [first] and the proposed rule in making these decisions .

Both initial and supplemental proposed rule publications invited comments on the information collection requirements imposed by the rule .
both [first] and supplemental proposed rule publications invited comments on the information collection requirements imposed by the rule .

As a consequence , HUD was not required to prepare either an initial or a final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 and 604 of the Act , and sections 607 and 609 are not applicable .
as a consequence , hud was not required to prepare either an [first] or a final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 and 604 of the act , and sections 607 and 609 are not applicable .

The FCC prepared both an Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis and a Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis in connection with the proposed and final rules , respectively .
the fcc prepared both an [first] regulatory flexibility analysis and a final regulatory flexibility analysis in connection with the proposed and final rules , respectively .

NRCS states that the program was authorized at $ 1.3 billion for the period FY 1996 through FY 2002 , with annual amounts of $ 200 million after the initial interim year of $ 130 million .
nrcs states that the program was authorized at $ 1.3 billion for the period fy 1996 through fy 2002 , with annual amounts of $ 200 million after the [first] interim year of $ 130 million .

Section 603 : Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis The proposed rulemaking , 60 Fed .
section 603 : [first] regulatory flexibility analysis the proposed rulemaking , 60 fed .

After initial conversations with a number of organizations , we narrowed our focus to eight organizations that had implemented fairly comprehensive organizationwide information security programs .
after [first] conversations with a number of organizations , we narrowed our focus to eight organizations that had implemented fairly comprehensive organizationwide information security programs .

However , they said that such measurements would be difficult because it is costly to do the research and recordkeeping necessary to develop information on ( 1 ) the full cost of controls -- both the initial cost and operational inefficiencies associated with the controls -- and ( 2 ) the full cost of incidents or problems resulting from inadequate controls .
however , they said that such measurements would be difficult because it is costly to do the research and recordkeeping necessary to develop information on ( 1 ) the full cost of controls -- both the [first] cost and operational inefficiencies associated with the controls -- and ( 2 ) the full cost of incidents or problems resulting from inadequate controls .

EPA has determined that the impacts would be minimal or nonexistent because , among other reasons , the phase-in of the remanufacturing requirements combined with the compliance flexibility given to small businesses during the initial years of the program will allow them to make the transition into the new marketplace for certified remanufactures without hardship .
epa has determined that the impacts would be minimal or nonexistent because , among other reasons , the phase-in of the remanufacturing requirements combined with the compliance flexibility given to small businesses during the [first] years of the program will allow them to make the transition into the new marketplace for certified remanufactures without hardship .

The initial comment period of 120 days was extended for an additional 30 days and later reopened for an additional 95 days .
the [first] comment period of 120 days was extended for an additional 30 days and later reopened for an additional 95 days .

Both the proposed rule and the final rule were reviewed and approved as complying with the requirements of the Order based on the information supplied by FSIS , including the initial and final Regulatory Impact Analyses .
both the proposed rule and the final rule were reviewed and approved as complying with the requirements of the order based on the information supplied by fsis , including the [first] and final regulatory impact analyses .

Our reviews have found , for example , that a lack of adequate strategic and workforce planning during the initial rounds of downsizing by some agencies affected their ability to achieve organizational missions .
our reviews have found , for example , that a lack of adequate strategic and workforce planning during the [first] rounds of downsizing by some agencies affected their ability to achieve organizational missions .

The rule will primarily require a reformatting of the current information , which may take longer the initial time it is performed but will possibly result in less time in the future for preparing the new format .
the rule will primarily require a reformatting of the current information , which may take longer the [first] time it is performed but will possibly result in less time in the future for preparing the new format .

As I stated last September , prudence dictated that we delay any related legal action given the immediate need for the administration and the Congress to focus on developing our Nation 's initial response to our fight against international terrorism and efforts to protect our homeland .
as i stated last september , prudence dictated that we delay any related legal action given the immediate need for the administration and the congress to focus on developing our nation 's [first] response to our fight against international terrorism and efforts to protect our homeland .

Among the challenges identified , one of the most difficult was overcoming new members ' initial reluctance to share information .
among the challenges identified , one of the most difficult was overcoming new members ' [first] reluctance to share information .

After initial discussions and further research , we narrowed our focus to 11 organizations that most closely met our criteria of being a recognized , competent information-sharing entity , primarily sharing sensitive or timecritical information pertaining to computer-based vulnerabilities and incidents .
after [first] discussions and further research , we narrowed our focus to 11 organizations that most closely met our criteria of being a recognized , competent information-sharing entity , primarily sharing sensitive or timecritical information pertaining to computer-based vulnerabilities and incidents .

The analysis provides a statement of the need for and the objective of the rule and the fact that there were no comments received with respect to the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis .
the analysis provides a statement of the need for and the objective of the rule and the fact that there were no comments received with respect to the [first] regulatory flexibility analysis .

In manual systems , attestations , verifications , and approvals are usually shown by a signature or initial of an individual on a hard copy document .
in manual systems , attestations , verifications , and approvals are usually shown by a signature or [first] of an individual on a hard copy document .

The Board of Governors has concluded that the final rule will have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities , and an initial regulatory flexibility analysis and final regulatory flexibility analysis have been prepared and are included in the notice of proposed rulemaking and the final rule notice , respectively , as required by sections 603 and 604 .
the board of governors has concluded that the final rule will have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities , and an [first] regulatory flexibility analysis and final regulatory flexibility analysis have been prepared and are included in the notice of proposed rulemaking and the final rule notice , respectively , as required by sections 603 and 604 .

Section 603 Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Pursuant to section 603 of the Act , the Commission incorporated an Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis ( IRFA ) in its Notice of Proposed Rulemaking , and written comments were requested .
section 603 [first] regulatory flexibility analysis pursuant to section 603 of the act , the commission incorporated an [first] regulatory flexibility analysis ( irfa ) in its notice of proposed rulemaking , and written comments were requested .

The Commission also reports that it forwarded a copy of its initial regulatory flexibility analysis to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration ( SBA ) as required by the Act .
the commission also reports that it forwarded a copy of its [first] regulatory flexibility analysis to the chief counsel for advocacy of the small business administration ( sba ) as required by the act .

Therefore , it was not required to prepare an initial or final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 and 604 of the Act .
therefore , it was not required to prepare an [first] or final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 and 604 of the act .

U.S. General Accounting Office , Homeland Security : Proposal for Cabinet Agency Has Merit , Implementation Will be Pivotal to Success , GAO-02-886T ( Washington , D.C. : June 25 , 2002 ) and FBI Reorganization : Initial Steps Encouraging but Broad Transformation Needed , GAO-02-865T ( Washington , D.C. : June 21 , 2002 ) .
u.s. general accounting office , homeland security : proposal for cabinet agency has merit , implementation will be pivotal to success , gao-02-886t ( washington , d.c. : june 25 , 2002 ) and fbi reorganization : [first] steps encouraging but broad transformation needed , gao-02-865t ( washington , d.c. : june 21 , 2002 ) .

Therefore , neither an initial nor final regulatory flexibility analysis was performed .
therefore , neither an [first] nor final regulatory flexibility analysis was performed .

The FCC prepared both an Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis and a Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis , which appeared in the preambles to the proposed rule and the final rule , respectively .
the fcc prepared both an [first] regulatory flexibility analysis and a final regulatory flexibility analysis , which appeared in the preambles to the proposed rule and the final rule , respectively .

The analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as required by section 607 and numerous small entities participated in the rulemaking as required by section 609 by submitting comments on the proposed regulation following the inclusion in the notice of proposed rulemaking of the initial regulatory flexibility analysis which discussed the economic impact on small entities .
the analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as required by section 607 and numerous small entities participated in the rulemaking as required by section 609 by submitting comments on the proposed regulation following the inclusion in the notice of proposed rulemaking of the [first] regulatory flexibility analysis which discussed the economic impact on small entities .

EPA estimates that there are approximately 490 respondents that are affected by the air emission rules and must submit an initial applicability notification .
epa estimates that there are approximately 490 respondents that are affected by the air emission rules and must submit an [first] applicability notification .

An initial regulatory flexibility analysis and a final regulatory flexibility analysis have been prepared and included in the preambles to the proposed rule and the final rule notice , respectively , as required by sections 603 and 604 .
an [first] regulatory flexibility analysis and a final regulatory flexibility analysis have been prepared and included in the preambles to the proposed rule and the final rule notice , respectively , as required by sections 603 and 604 .

The FCC prepared both an Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis and a Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis , which appeared in the preambles to the proposed and final rules , respectively .
the fcc prepared both an [first] regulatory flexibility analysis and a final regulatory flexibility analysis , which appeared in the preambles to the proposed and final rules , respectively .

The Leland Act amendments : ( 1 ) simplify the household definition ; ( 2 ) establish eligibility for children who live with their food stamp eligible parents in a drug or alcohol rehabilitation center ; ( 3 ) exclude from resources the value of vehicles used to transport fuel or water ; ( 4 ) increase the fair market value exclusion of vehicles for determining a household 's resource limit ; ( 5 ) exclude certain General Assistance vendor payments ; ( 6 ) exclude the earnings of elementary and secondary school students under age 22 who live with their parents ; ( 7 ) increase the maximum amount of the dependent care deduction ; ( 8 ) eliminate the current GAO/OGC-97-2 federally-imposed limit and require State agencies to establish a Statewide limit on the dependent care reimbursement paid to participants in the Food Stamp Employment and Training Program ; and ( 9 ) require proration of benefits only in the initial month of certification .
the leland act amendments : ( 1 ) simplify the household definition ; ( 2 ) establish eligibility for children who live with their food stamp eligible parents in a drug or alcohol rehabilitation center ; ( 3 ) exclude from resources the value of vehicles used to transport fuel or water ; ( 4 ) increase the fair market value exclusion of vehicles for determining a household 's resource limit ; ( 5 ) exclude certain general assistance vendor payments ; ( 6 ) exclude the earnings of elementary and secondary school students under age 22 who live with their parents ; ( 7 ) increase the maximum amount of the dependent care deduction ; ( 8 ) eliminate the current gao/ogc-97-2 federally-imposed limit and require state agencies to establish a statewide limit on the dependent care reimbursement paid to participants in the food stamp employment and training program ; and ( 9 ) require proration of benefits only in the [first] month of certification .

An initial Notice of Proposed Rulemaking was published in the Federal Register on August 30 , 1994 ( 59 Fed .
an [first] notice of proposed rulemaking was published in the federal register on august 30 , 1994 ( 59 fed .

In the Notice , the Commission published an Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis and invited written public comments on the proposed rulemaking , including comments on the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis .
in the notice , the commission published an [first] regulatory flexibility analysis and invited written public comments on the proposed rulemaking , including comments on the [first] regulatory flexibility analysis .

The Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis did not discuss any significant alternatives minimizing the impact on small entities .
the [first] regulatory flexibility analysis did not discuss any significant alternatives minimizing the impact on small entities .

Although no comments were submitted in direct response to the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis , the Commission noted that a number of the general comments on the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking raised issues that could affect small entities .
although no comments were submitted in direct response to the [first] regulatory flexibility analysis , the commission noted that a number of the general comments on the notice of proposed rulemaking raised issues that could affect small entities .

Commission officials confirmed that copies of both the Initial and the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analyses were submitted to the Chief Counsel , Small Business Administration .
commission officials confirmed that copies of both the [first] and the final regulatory flexibility analyses were submitted to the chief counsel , small business administration .

These business practice studies also found that decisions made during the conceptual planning phase will establish initial constraints limiting future design flexibility .
these business practice studies also found that decisions made during the conceptual planning phase will establish [first] constraints limiting future design flexibility .

The FCC prepared both an Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis and a Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis in connection with the proposed rulemaking and the final rule , respectively .
the fcc prepared both an [first] regulatory flexibility analysis and a final regulatory flexibility analysis in connection with the proposed rulemaking and the final rule , respectively .

An agency should establish its initial test plans in the presolicitation phase .
an agency should establish its [first] test plans in the presolicitation phase .

The Comptroller General sends a written request to the agency head for the record that has not been made available to GAO within a reasonable time after an initial request .
the comptroller general sends a written request to the agency head for the record that has not been made available to gao within a reasonable time after an [first] request .

Section 603 : Initial regulatory flexibility analysis Pursuant to section 603 of the Act , the Commission incorporated an Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis in it Notice of Proposed Rule Making .
section 603 : [first] regulatory flexibility analysis pursuant to section 603 of the act , the commission incorporated an [first] regulatory flexibility analysis in it notice of proposed rule making .

Our review of the initial analysis indicates that the requirements of section 603 have been met .
our review of the [first] analysis indicates that the requirements of section 603 have been met .

The Commission also reports that it forwarded a copy of its initial regulatory flexibility analysis to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration ( SBA ) as required by the Act , and that the SBA did not file comments .
the commission also reports that it forwarded a copy of its [first] regulatory flexibility analysis to the chief counsel for advocacy of the small business administration ( sba ) as required by the act , and that the sba did not file comments .

The Commission further notes that no commenting parties raised issues specifically in response to the initial regulatory flexibility analysis , and that no significant alternatives were considered .
the commission further notes that no commenting parties raised issues specifically in response to the [first] regulatory flexibility analysis , and that no significant alternatives were considered .

However , the initial regulatory flexibility analysis indicates that the rule will result in a significant decrease in the amount of testing and Commission authorization of computer systems with a resultant reduction in economic burden .
however , the [first] regulatory flexibility analysis indicates that the rule will result in a significant decrease in the amount of testing and commission authorization of computer systems with a resultant reduction in economic burden .

Section 603 : Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis The proposed rulemaking , 60 Fed .
section 603 : [first] regulatory flexibility analysis the proposed rulemaking , 60 fed .

Functions Where considerable uncertainty exists about program operations , goals , and results , exploratory case studies help identify questions , select important measurement constructs , develop actual measures for these , which can be used later in larger-scale tests ; formulate expectations ; safeguard investment in larger studies ( for problems or programs that are not well-developed ) Design features Site selected : needs at least one site that represents each important variation to make a convenience sample acceptable ; number of cases sufficient to cover diversity ; data focus on program operations and on-site observation , are not longitudinal but need enough time to find out what is going on ; analysis is closely concurrent with field work but does not require strong chain of evidence or audit trail ; reports are usually internal or parts of larger , longer reports Pitfalls Temptation to prolong the exploratory phase ; site selection only for convenience , inadequate coverage of diversity ; prematurity -exploratory findings released as conclusions ; over-involvement in evaluator 's own hunches so that initial findings are confirmed rather than tested Some of our scoping work already may involve exploratory case studies .
functions where considerable uncertainty exists about program operations , goals , and results , exploratory case studies help identify questions , select important measurement constructs , develop actual measures for these , which can be used later in larger-scale tests ; formulate expectations ; safeguard investment in larger studies ( for problems or programs that are not well-developed ) design features site selected : needs at least one site that represents each important variation to make a convenience sample acceptable ; number of cases sufficient to cover diversity ; data focus on program operations and on-site observation , are not longitudinal but need enough time to find out what is going on ; analysis is closely concurrent with field work but does not require strong chain of evidence or audit trail ; reports are usually internal or parts of larger , longer reports pitfalls temptation to prolong the exploratory phase ; site selection only for convenience , inadequate coverage of diversity ; prematurity -exploratory findings released as conclusions ; over-involvement in evaluator 's own hunches so that [first] findings are confirmed rather than tested some of our scoping work already may involve exploratory case studies .

The collection process involves judgment calls of promising leads and the meaning of initial information .
the collection process involves judgment calls of promising leads and the meaning of [first] information .

The data collected in the third phase are not specified before the first phase : they emerge , often with surprises , from the initial observations .
the data collected in the third phase are not specified before the first phase : they emerge , often with surprises , from the [first] observations .

The fourth phase is examination of the second round of data collection and a revision of initial interpretations and expectations-the `` revise '' phase .
the fourth phase is examination of the second round of data collection and a revision of [first] interpretations and expectations-the `` revise '' phase .

Their initial story of what is happening and why is displayed as a flowchart with a series of critical paths for action .
their [first] story of what is happening and why is displayed as a flowchart with a series of critical paths for action .

Data are used to fill in the initial hunches , to change them , to elaborate on them .
data are used to fill in the [first] hunches , to change them , to elaborate on them .

The standard for making this judgment requires the diligence of the investigator in formulating alternative explanations of what is happening , in specifying the kind of evidence that would be supportive or nonsupportive , in searching intensively for evidence that would rule out initial hypotheses , and in thoroughly considering the reasons for inconsistent patterns of evidence in the second tier .
the standard for making this judgment requires the diligence of the investigator in formulating alternative explanations of what is happening , in specifying the kind of evidence that would be supportive or nonsupportive , in searching intensively for evidence that would rule out [first] hypotheses , and in thoroughly considering the reasons for inconsistent patterns of evidence in the second tier .

This is the approach taken in this paper in developing our initial definition .
this is the approach taken in this paper in developing our [first] definition .

It may be that the correlation between `` smaller '' states and very low rates of unfiled returns is a `` real '' phenomenon that should be examined and the initial cut of less than 1 percent should stand .
it may be that the correlation between `` smaller '' states and very low rates of unfiled returns is a `` real '' phenomenon that should be examined and the [first] cut of less than 1 percent should stand .

Such a sequence could be quite Page 111 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations efficient , since the national survey would not be a fishing expedition but targeted to verify initial findings .
such a sequence could be quite page 111 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations efficient , since the national survey would not be a fishing expedition but targeted to verify [first] findings .

Impartiality and Generalizability elements of the issue that was examined and presents the initial arguments in favor of the various resolutions and the findings of the study that support these resolutions .
impartiality and generalizability elements of the issue that was examined and presents the [first] arguments in favor of the various resolutions and the findings of the study that support these resolutions .

A good case study presents the initial arguments against the various resolutions of the issue that was considered .
a good case study presents the [first] arguments against the various resolutions of the issue that was considered .

Explicitly stating the initial arguments for and against various resolutions helps readers know how thoroughly the investigators considered the issues and how thoroughly they sought evidence on both sides .
explicitly stating the [first] arguments for and against various resolutions helps readers know how thoroughly the investigators considered the issues and how thoroughly they sought evidence on both sides .

Open-Ended Interview An interview in which , after an initial or lead question , subsequent questions are determined by topics brought up by the person being interviewed ; the concerns discussed , their sequence , and specific information obtained are not predetermined and the discussion is unconstrained , able to move in unexpected directions .
open-ended interview an interview in which , after an [first] or lead question , subsequent questions are determined by topics brought up by the person being interviewed ; the concerns discussed , their sequence , and specific information obtained are not predetermined and the discussion is unconstrained , able to move in unexpected directions .

For the portability from group to individual coverage under this rule , HHS cites estimates formulated by the Congressional Budget Office which shows the initial yearly cost ( direct cost to the private sector ) to be $ 50 million with 45,000 people covered and $ 200 million by the fifth year with 150,000 people covered .
for the portability from group to individual coverage under this rule , hhs cites estimates formulated by the congressional budget office which shows the [first] yearly cost ( direct cost to the private sector ) to be $ 50 million with 45,000 people covered and $ 200 million by the fifth year with 150,000 people covered .

Options reducing initial benefits or raising the retirement age take time to implement or phase in , allowing time for people to adjust their retirement plans .
options reducing [first] benefits or raising the retirement age take time to implement or phase in , allowing time for people to adjust their retirement plans .

Management Reform : Agencies ' Initial Efforts to Restructure Personnel Operations ( GAO/GGD-98-93 , July 13 , 1998 ) .
management reform : agencies ' [first] efforts to restructure personnel operations ( gao/ggd-98-93 , july 13 , 1998 ) .

As we have reported , IRS recently initiated appropriate first steps to address these weaknesses via its initial modernization expenditure plan that represents the first step in a longterm , incremental modernization program.9 The Census Bureau , through its effective use of technology in expanding the electronic availability of census data , demonstrates how federal agencies can leverage performance and customer satisfaction through the better use of technology .
as we have reported , irs recently initiated appropriate first steps to address these weaknesses via its [first] modernization expenditure plan that represents the first step in a longterm , incremental modernization program.9 the census bureau , through its effective use of technology in expanding the electronic availability of census data , demonstrates how federal agencies can leverage performance and customer satisfaction through the better use of technology .

Tax Systems Modernization : Results of IRS ' Initial Expenditure Plan ( GAO/AIMD/GGD-99-206 , June 15,1999 ) .
tax systems modernization : results of irs ' [first] expenditure plan ( gao/aimd/ggd-99-206 , june 15,1999 ) .

This program expands the authority of disability examiners , who currently make initial disability determinations jointly with physicians , and allows the single decision maker to make the initial disability determination and consult with physicians only as needed.14 Our work has shown that agencies can improve the extent to which they devolve authority for employees to make decisions and the extent to which they hold employees accountable for results .
this program expands the authority of disability examiners , who currently make [first] disability determinations jointly with physicians , and allows the single decision maker to make the [first] disability determination and consult with physicians only as needed.14 our work has shown that agencies can improve the extent to which they devolve authority for employees to make decisions and the extent to which they hold employees accountable for results .

Section 603 : Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis In its Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ( 60 Fed .
section 603 : [first] regulatory flexibility analysis in its notice of proposed rulemaking ( 60 fed .

The summary of the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis does not address any other relevant federal rules that duplicate , overlap , or conflict with this rule and amendments as provided for by section 603 ( b ) ( 5 ) .
the summary of the [first] regulatory flexibility analysis does not address any other relevant federal rules that duplicate , overlap , or conflict with this rule and amendments as provided for by section 603 ( b ) ( 5 ) .

In accordance with section 604a ( 2 ) , it provides a summary of the significant issues raised in the comments submitted in response to the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis and its reaction to those comments .
in accordance with section 604a ( 2 ) , it provides a summary of the significant issues raised in the comments submitted in response to the [first] regulatory flexibility analysis and its reaction to those comments .

An initial Notice of Proposed Rulemaking was published in the Federal Register on October 10 , 1995 ( 60 Fed .
an [first] notice of proposed rulemaking was published in the federal register on october 10 , 1995 ( 60 fed .

FDA estimates the direct compliance costs of the rule will be about $ 44.3 million per year and that the initial value of the affected meat and bone meal will be reduced by $ 171 million annually .
fda estimates the direct compliance costs of the rule will be about $ 44.3 million per year and that the [first] value of the affected meat and bone meal will be reduced by $ 171 million annually .

Business executives keep in mind that initial CIO models adopted should not be set in stone , but may have to be adjusted over time as their enterprises grow or mature .
business executives keep in mind that [first] cio models adopted should not be set in stone , but may have to be adjusted over time as their enterprises grow or mature .

In the initial months of tenure , CIOs set out to understand their enterprises « needs and tackle tough issues ( i.e. , runaway projects and crisis situations such as year 2000 management ) that demand immediate attention or could pose immediate obstacles to success .
in the [first] months of tenure , cios set out to understand their enterprises « needs and tackle tough issues ( i.e. , runaway projects and crisis situations such as year 2000 management ) that demand immediate attention or could pose immediate obstacles to success .

The CIO organization has helped agencies successfully complete a pilot phase to prototype initial JNET content and applications , also demonstrating the CIO organization « s ability to help deliver on commitments .
the cio organization has helped agencies successfully complete a pilot phase to prototype [first] jnet content and applications , also demonstrating the cio organization « s ability to help deliver on commitments .

Upon completion of training , the employees each earn 75 percent of their salary during an initial performance evaluation period , and full salary at the end of that period .
upon completion of training , the employees each earn 75 percent of their salary during an [first] performance evaluation period , and full salary at the end of that period .

This is true whether the validity issue becomes apparent during initial attorney-client consultations or in the midst of litigation proceedings .
this is true whether the validity issue becomes apparent during [first] attorney-client consultations or in the midst of litigation proceedings .

Their plans were to include responses to the seven initial central tenets of State Planning : ( 1 ) development of intake , advice , and referral services ; ( 2 ) effective usage of technology ; ( 3 ) increased access to legal self-help and prevention information ; ( 4 ) coordination of legal work , training , information , and expert assistance ; ( 5 ) engagement of pro bono attorneys ; ( 6 ) development of additional state , local , and private resources ; and ( 7 ) optimal configuration of service areas .
their plans were to include responses to the seven [first] central tenets of state planning : ( 1 ) development of intake , advice , and referral services ; ( 2 ) effective usage of technology ; ( 3 ) increased access to legal self-help and prevention information ; ( 4 ) coordination of legal work , training , information , and expert assistance ; ( 5 ) engagement of pro bono attorneys ; ( 6 ) development of additional state , local , and private resources ; and ( 7 ) optimal configuration of service areas .

In its initial phase , the project matched two new statewide program directors with an experienced one .
in its [first] phase , the project matched two new statewide program directors with an experienced one .

State Planning Body Development Since its initial call for state planning in 1995 , LSC has urged the broadest possible participation of equal justice community stakeholders to create and empower a permanent statewide body that coordinates civil equal justice related efforts , promotes the expansion of civil equal justice initiatives , and ensures accountability of all partners to a single , galvanizing vision .
state planning body development since its [first] call for state planning in 1995 , lsc has urged the broadest possible participation of equal justice community stakeholders to create and empower a permanent statewide body that coordinates civil equal justice related efforts , promotes the expansion of civil equal justice initiatives , and ensures accountability of all partners to a single , galvanizing vision .

Initial Findings What LSC found when it began the assessment of the CSR system was a 20-year-old reporting structure , the guidance for which had not been updated since 1993 .
[first] findings what lsc found when it began the assessment of the csr system was a 20-year-old reporting structure , the guidance for which had not been updated since 1993 .

LSC 's Corrective Action As these concerns surfaced , LSC decided as an initial step to reissue the 1993 CSR Handbook in May 1998 , providing additional guidance on particular areas that were considered to be most prone to error .
lsc 's corrective action as these concerns surfaced , lsc decided as an [first] step to reissue the 1993 csr handbook in may 1998 , providing additional guidance on particular areas that were considered to be most prone to error .

Initial efforts addressed a variety of internal issues including training and support , increased use of technology , more efficient and uniform intake and the provision of legal advice and brief service , and meeting the needs of particularly vulnerable populations including migrants , Native Americans , non-English speaking persons , immigrants and disabled and institutionalized individuals .
[first] efforts addressed a variety of internal issues including training and support , increased use of technology , more efficient and uniform intake and the provision of legal advice and brief service , and meeting the needs of particularly vulnerable populations including migrants , native americans , non-english speaking persons , immigrants and disabled and institutionalized individuals .

The initial planning effort sparked by the 21 program directors grew to become a broadly inclusive structure .
the [first] planning effort sparked by the 21 program directors grew to become a broadly inclusive structure .

The programs in Missouri are providing initial funding for the center .
the programs in missouri are providing [first] funding for the center .

The task force has set two initial goals : to prioritize , coordinate and develop a work plan for legal work on a state-wide and regional level ; and to develop resources to support this legal work through pooled resources of programs , collaborations with law schools , special funding from OLAF and foundations , and the creation of additional task forces .
the task force has set two [first] goals : to prioritize , coordinate and develop a work plan for legal work on a state-wide and regional level ; and to develop resources to support this legal work through pooled resources of programs , collaborations with law schools , special funding from olaf and foundations , and the creation of additional task forces .

The initial planning report submitted to LSC in March 1999 ranked continuing attention to resource development as a very high priority and outlined steps to ensure continued support for legal services from filing fees , attorney registration fees , IOLTA , and other sources .
the [first] planning report submitted to lsc in march 1999 ranked continuing attention to resource development as a very high priority and outlined steps to ensure continued support for legal services from filing fees , attorney registration fees , iolta , and other sources .

South Carolina Strong collaboration among the five LSC programs , the South Carolina Bar , the South Carolina Bar Foundation and the Appleseed Justice Center ( formerly South Carolina Legal Services Association ) , has been a hallmark of South Carolina 's planning since the initial response to the 1995 federal budget cuts and restriction .
south carolina strong collaboration among the five lsc programs , the south carolina bar , the south carolina bar foundation and the appleseed justice center ( formerly south carolina legal services association ) , has been a hallmark of south carolina 's planning since the [first] response to the 1995 federal budget cuts and restriction .

The Council 's initial planning efforts focused on the creation of LATIS , a statewide centralized access , advice and referral system .
the council 's [first] planning efforts focused on the creation of latis , a statewide centralized access , advice and referral system .

The major challenge is the Alabama Campaign for Legal Services , where a consultant retained by the three programs did initial preparation .
the major challenge is the alabama campaign for legal services , where a consultant retained by the three programs did [first] preparation .

Reference toxicant testing is used for evaluating the health and sensitivity of organisms over time and for documenting initial and ongoing laboratory performance .
reference toxicant testing is used for evaluating the health and sensitivity of organisms over time and for documenting [first] and ongoing laboratory performance .

Reference toxicant testing is used for evaluating the health and sensitivity of organisms over time and for documenting initial and ongoing laboratory performance .
reference toxicant testing is used for evaluating the health and sensitivity of organisms over time and for documenting [first] and ongoing laboratory performance .

An initial decision is made to use point estimation techniques ( the Probit Analysis , the Spearman-Karber Method , the Trimmed Spearman-Karber Method , the Graphical Method , or Linear Interpolation Method ) and/or to use hypothesis testing ( Dunnett 's Test , the t test with the Bonferroni adjustment , Steel 's Many-one Rank Test , or Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with the Bonferroni adjustment ) .
an [first] decision is made to use point estimation techniques ( the probit analysis , the spearman-karber method , the trimmed spearman-karber method , the graphical method , or linear interpolation method ) and/or to use hypothesis testing ( dunnett 's test , the t test with the bonferroni adjustment , steel 's many-one rank test , or wilcoxon rank sum test with the bonferroni adjustment ) .

An initial decision is made to use point estimation techniques ( the Probit Analysis , the Spearman-Karber Method , the Trimmed Spearman-Karber Method , the Graphical Method , or Linear Interpolation Method ) and/or to use hypothesis testing ( Dunnett 's Test , the t test with the Bonferroni adjustment , Steel 's Many-one Rank Test , or the Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with the Bonferroni adjustment ) .
an [first] decision is made to use point estimation techniques ( the probit analysis , the spearman-karber method , the trimmed spearman-karber method , the graphical method , or linear interpolation method ) and/or to use hypothesis testing ( dunnett 's test , the t test with the bonferroni adjustment , steel 's many-one rank test , or the wilcoxon rank sum test with the bonferroni adjustment ) .

Reference toxicant testing is used for evaluating the health and sensitivity of organisms over time and for documenting initial and ongoing laboratory performance .
reference toxicant testing is used for evaluating the health and sensitivity of organisms over time and for documenting [first] and ongoing laboratory performance .

Included in those amendments was the Acid Rain cap and trade program , the first program tailored specifically to the utility sector , which is achieving significant environmental and public health benefits at a fraction of the initial cost estimates and with relatively little government bureaucracy .
included in those amendments was the acid rain cap and trade program , the first program tailored specifically to the utility sector , which is achieving significant environmental and public health benefits at a fraction of the [first] cost estimates and with relatively little government bureaucracy .

In April , the President convened a Cabinet-level policy review of this issue and was provided with initial recommendations that he accepted and announced on June 11 .
in april , the president convened a cabinet-level policy review of this issue and was provided with [first] recommendations that he accepted and announced on june 11 .

A reasonable estimate of multiple FGD installations at one site includes 380,000 man-hours for the initial 500 MWe of capacity ( or 760 man-hours/MWe ) and an additional 500 man-hours per MWe , up to a total of 900 MWe , for any combination into a single common absorber .
a reasonable estimate of multiple fgd installations at one site includes 380,000 man-hours for the [first] 500 mwe of capacity ( or 760 man-hours/mwe ) and an additional 500 man-hours per mwe , up to a total of 900 mwe , for any combination into a single common absorber .

Therefore , a 900 MWe system requires the initial 500 MWe at 380,000 man-hours , and the second 400 MWe at about 273,200 , for a combined labor requirement of 653,200 man-hours , or approximately 300 person-years , or the equivalent of about 725 man-hours per MWe .
therefore , a 900 mwe system requires the [first] 500 mwe at 380,000 man-hours , and the second 400 mwe at about 273,200 , for a combined labor requirement of 653,200 man-hours , or approximately 300 person-years , or the equivalent of about 725 man-hours per mwe .

PKO ` ~í~äóëí=~åÇ=oÉ~ÖÉåíë An SCR system requires an initial and ongoing supply of catalyst .
pko ` ~í~äóëí=~åç=oé~öéåíë an scr system requires an [first] and ongoing supply of catalyst .

Therefore , after the initial installation , there is a need to replace roughly one fourth of the total catalyst reactor volume every 24- 32 months or so - or conservatively about 1/8 of the installed volume should be replaced each year for the coal-fired installations .
therefore , after the [first] installation , there is a need to replace roughly one fourth of the total catalyst reactor volume every 24- 32 months or so - or conservatively about 1/8 of the installed volume should be replaced each year for the coal-fired installations .

This is , if a third of the initial catalyst loading must be replaced , on average , every 15,000 to 20,000 operating hours , then 0.015 to 0.0289 cubic meters per MWe per 1000 hours must be replaced .
this is , if a third of the [first] catalyst loading must be replaced , on average , every 15,000 to 20,000 operating hours , then 0.015 to 0.0289 cubic meters per mwe per 1000 hours must be replaced .

Considering the initial fill demand of 26,000 m3/yr from 65 GWe of SCR installations and replacement demand of 22,300 m3/yr from 150 GWe of cumulative SCR installations plus the worldwide catalyst replacement demand of between 5,000 and 8,000 m3/yr , the annual excess capacity is estimated to be 31,000 to 34,000 m3/yr .
considering the [first] fill demand of 26,000 m3/yr from 65 gwe of scr installations and replacement demand of 22,300 m3/yr from 150 gwe of cumulative scr installations plus the worldwide catalyst replacement demand of between 5,000 and 8,000 m3/yr , the annual excess capacity is estimated to be 31,000 to 34,000 m3/yr .

Thus , it should not be surprising that demand for initial fill and periodic replacement catalyst should account for a significant portion of the supply basis .
thus , it should not be surprising that demand for [first] fill and periodic replacement catalyst should account for a significant portion of the supply basis .

Cochran , J. , Hellard , D. , Rummenhohl , V. , `` Design and Initial Startup Results from the New Madrid SCR Retrofit Project , '' Presented at the ICAC Forum 2000 , Washington DC , March 23-24 , 2000 .
cochran , j. , hellard , d. , rummenhohl , v. , `` design and [first] startup results from the new madrid scr retrofit project , '' presented at the icac forum 2000 , washington dc , march 23-24 , 2000 .

An SAB Advisory on the Health and Ecological Effects Initial Studies of the Section 812 Prospective Study : Report to Congress : Advisory by the Health and Ecological Effects Subcommittee , February .
an sab advisory on the health and ecological effects [first] studies of the section 812 prospective study : report to congress : advisory by the health and ecological effects subcommittee , february .

Advisory Council on Clean Air Compliance Analysis Advisory on the Clean Air Act Amendments ( CAAA ) of 1990 Section 812 Prospective Study : Overview of Air Quality and Emissions Estimates : Modeling , Health and Ecological Valuation Issues Initial Studies .
advisory council on clean air compliance analysis advisory on the clean air act amendments ( caaa ) of 1990 section 812 prospective study : overview of air quality and emissions estimates : modeling , health and ecological valuation issues [first] studies .

The Clean Air Act Amendments ( CAAA ) Section 812 Prospective Study of Costs and Benefits ( 1999 ) : Advisory by the Health and Ecological Effects Subcommittee on Initial Assessments of Health and Ecological Effects : Part 1 .
the clean air act amendments ( caaa ) section 812 prospective study of costs and benefits ( 1999 ) : advisory by the health and ecological effects subcommittee on [first] assessments of health and ecological effects : part 1 .

The Clean Air Act Amendments ( CAAA ) Section 65 812 Prospective Study of Costs and Benefits ( 1999 ) : Advisory by the Health and Ecological Effects Subcommittee on Initial Assessments of Health and Ecological Effects : Part 2 .
the clean air act amendments ( caaa ) section 65 812 prospective study of costs and benefits ( 1999 ) : advisory by the health and ecological effects subcommittee on [first] assessments of health and ecological effects : part 2 .

Effects Subcommittee on Initial Assessments of Health and Ecological Effects : Part 2 .
effects subcommittee on [first] assessments of health and ecological effects : part 2 .

To give you a flavor of the impact of this updating effort , which allowed the Commission to use more recent information than was in the Service 's initial package , let 's look at a few of the changes :
to give you a flavor of the impact of this updating effort , which allowed the commission to use more recent information than was in the service 's [first] package , let 's look at a few of the changes :

The Postal Service complied with this requirement early in 1973 , and a Domestic Mail Classification Schedule recommended by the Commission became effective on July 6 , 1976.5 Following establishment of this initial mail classification schedule , § 3623 ( b ) provides that the Postal Service `` may from time to time request that the Commission submit , or the Commission may submit to the Governors on its own initiative , a recommended decision on changes in the mail classification schedule . ''
the postal service complied with this requirement early in 1973 , and a domestic mail classification schedule recommended by the commission became effective on july 6 , 1976.5 following establishment of this [first] mail classification schedule , § 3623 ( b ) provides that the postal service `` may from time to time request that the commission submit , or the commission may submit to the governors on its own initiative , a recommended decision on changes in the mail classification schedule . ''

The initial proposal , considered in Docket No .
the [first] proposal , considered in docket no .

Upon consideration of the initial comments it received , the Commission declined to pursue the contract rate proposal , but solicited further comments on several broad issues concerning possible changes in the mail classification system .
upon consideration of the [first] comments it received , the commission declined to pursue the contract rate proposal , but solicited further comments on several broad issues concerning possible changes in the mail classification system .

If this initial position is assumed to be a breakeven position , then any other breakeven position must have this same contribution .
if this [first] position is assumed to be a breakeven position , then any other breakeven position must have this same contribution .

Next , using Equation ( 1 ) , the volume that leaves the basic category can be calculated as the initial volume ( 54.1 billion ) less the volume calculated at the current Pb and the new discount .
next , using equation ( 1 ) , the volume that leaves the basic category can be calculated as the [first] volume ( 54.1 billion ) less the volume calculated at the current pb and the new discount .

Their initial effort to move turned out poorly .
their [first] effort to move turned out poorly .

Ali opened a bank account in Dubai for Hanjour and providing the initial funds for his trip .
ali opened a bank account in dubai for hanjour and providing the [first] funds for his trip .

Again , Hanjour persevered ; he completed the initial training by the end of March 2001 .
again , hanjour persevered ; he completed the [first] training by the end of march 2001 .

Returning from his initial cross-country surveillance flight , Atta flew into New York .
returning from his [first] cross-country surveillance flight , atta flew into new york .

To address the problems encountered during the response to the 1993 bombing , the Port Authority spent an initial $ 100 million to make physical , structural , and technological improvements to the WTC , as well as to enhance its fire safety plan and reorganize and bolster its fire safety and security staffs .
to address the problems encountered during the response to the 1993 bombing , the port authority spent an [first] $ 100 million to make physical , structural , and technological improvements to the wtc , as well as to enhance its fire safety plan and reorganize and bolster its fire safety and security staffs .

NYPD Initial Response Numerous NYPD officers saw the plane strike the North Tower and immediately reported it to NYPD communications dispatchers .
nypd [first] response numerous nypd officers saw the plane strike the north tower and immediately reported it to nypd communications dispatchers .

PAPD Initial Response The Port Authority 's on-site commanding police officer was standing in the concourse when a fireball erupted out of elevator shafts and exploded onto the mall concourse , causing him to dive for cover .
papd [first] response the port authority 's on-site commanding police officer was standing in the concourse when a fireball erupted out of elevator shafts and exploded onto the mall concourse , causing him to dive for cover .

OEM Initial Response By 8:48 , officials in OEM headquarters on the 23rd floor of 7 WTC-just to the north of the North Tower-began to activate the Emergency Operations Center by calling such agencies as the FDNY , NYPD , Department of Health , and the Greater Hospital Association and instructing them to send their designated representatives to the OEM .
oem [first] response by 8:48 , officials in oem headquarters on the 23rd floor of 7 wtc-just to the north of the north tower-began to activate the emergency operations center by calling such agencies as the fdny , nypd , department of health , and the greater hospital association and instructing them to send their designated representatives to the oem .

One FDNY company successfully rescued some civilians who were trapped on the 22nd floor as a result of damage caused by the initial fireball .
one fdny company successfully rescued some civilians who were trapped on the 22nd floor as a result of damage caused by the [first] fireball .

PAPD Response Initial responders from outside PAPD commands proceeded to the police desk in 5 WTC or to the fire safety desk in the North Tower lobby .
papd response [first] responders from outside papd commands proceeded to the police desk in 5 wtc or to the fire safety desk in the north tower lobby .

With respect to communications , the report concludes : `` Almost all aspects of communications continue to be problematic , from initial notification to tactical operations .
with respect to communications , the report concludes : `` almost all aspects of communications continue to be problematic , from [first] notification to tactical operations .

Despite the initial advice given over its public-address system , the South Tower was ordered to be evacuated by the FDNY and PAPD within 12 minutes of the North Tower 's being hit .
despite the [first] advice given over its public-address system , the south tower was ordered to be evacuated by the fdny and papd within 12 minutes of the north tower 's being hit .

KSM has admitted that he considered targeting a nuclear power plant as part of his initial proposal for the planes operation .
ksm has admitted that he considered targeting a nuclear power plant as part of his [first] proposal for the planes operation .

As discussed earlier , the reason `` Jane '' decided she could not share information was because the initial information on Mihdhar had been analyzed by the NSA .
as discussed earlier , the reason `` jane '' decided she could not share information was because the [first] information on mihdhar had been analyzed by the nsa .

For the initial British response , see British Security Service memo , re : Zacarias Moussaoui , Sept. 12 , 2001 ; information provided to the Commission by the British government ; British liaison telex , `` Zacarias Moussaoui-Background Information , '' Sept. 13 , 2001 .
for the [first] british response , see british security service memo , re : zacarias moussaoui , sept. 12 , 2001 ; information provided to the commission by the british government ; british liaison telex , `` zacarias moussaoui-background information , '' sept. 13 , 2001 .

For the initial incident commander and command post location , see Jules Naudet and Gedeon Naudet , video footage , Sept. 11 , 2001 ; FDNY interview 4 , Chief ( Jan. 8 , 2004 ) .
for the [first] incident commander and command post location , see jules naudet and gedeon naudet , video footage , sept. 11 , 2001 ; fdny interview 4 , chief ( jan. 8 , 2004 ) .

For the on-duty sergeant 's initial instructions , see PAPD statement 3 , WTC Command ( Nov. 12 , 2001 ) .
for the on-duty sergeant 's [first] instructions , see papd statement 3 , wtc command ( nov. 12 , 2001 ) .

For the initial responders and the assignments , see PAPD statement 3 , WTC Command , Nov. 12 , 2001 ; PAPD statement 12 , WTC Command , Mar .
for the [first] responders and the assignments , see papd statement 3 , wtc command , nov. 12 , 2001 ; papd statement 12 , wtc command , mar .

The author suggested instead hitting terrorists outside the Middle East in the initial offensive , perhaps deliberately selecting a non-al Qaeda target like Iraq .
the author suggested instead hitting terrorists outside the middle east in the [first] offensive , perhaps deliberately selecting a non-al qaeda target like iraq .

Responses to Al Qaeda 's Initial Assaults 1 .
responses to al qaeda 's [first] assaults 1 .

For initial support by Gingrich and Lott , see , e.g. , StevenThomma and Richard Parker , `` U.S .
for [first] support by gingrich and lott , see , e.g. , steventhomma and richard parker , `` u.s .

Initial evidence pointed to the government of Syria and , later , Iran .
[first] evidence pointed to the government of syria and , later , iran .

Many who had traveled much outside the United States could expect a very long wait for initial clearance .
many who had traveled much outside the united states could expect a very long wait for [first] clearance .

RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS BEFORE THE BOMBINGS IN KENYA AND TANZANIA Although the 1995 National Intelligence Estimate had warned of a new type of terrorism , many officials continued to think of terrorists as agents of states ( Saudi Hezbollah acting for Iran against Khobar Towers ) or as domestic criminals ( Timothy Mc Veigh in Oklahoma City ) .
responses to al qaeda 's [first] assaults before the bombings in kenya and tanzania although the 1995 national intelligence estimate had warned of a new type of terrorism , many officials continued to think of terrorists as agents of states ( saudi hezbollah acting for iran against khobar towers ) or as domestic criminals ( timothy mc veigh in oklahoma city ) .

Aware of instability and RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 111 growing Islamic extremism in Pakistan , State Department officials worried most about an arms race and possible war between Pakistan and India .
aware of instability and responses to al qaeda 's [first] assaults 111 growing islamic extremism in pakistan , state department officials worried most about an arms race and possible war between pakistan and india .

The decisions of the U.S. government in May 1998 were made , as Berger has put RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 115 it , from the vantage point of the driver looking through a muddy windshield moving forward , not through a clean rearview mirror .
the decisions of the u.s. government in may 1998 were made , as berger has put responses to al qaeda 's [first] assaults 115 it , from the vantage point of the driver looking through a muddy windshield moving forward , not through a clean rearview mirror .

The CIA reported RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 117 that a soil sample from the vicinity of the al Shifa plant had tested positive for EMPTA , a precursor chemical for VX , a nerve gas whose lone use was for mass killing .
the cia reported responses to al qaeda 's [first] assaults 117 that a soil sample from the vicinity of the al shifa plant had tested positive for empta , a precursor chemical for vx , a nerve gas whose lone use was for mass killing .

In the critical days and weeks after the August 1998 attacks , senior policymakers in the Clinton administration had to reevaluate the threat posed by Bin RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 119 Ladin .
in the critical days and weeks after the august 1998 attacks , senior policymakers in the clinton administration had to reevaluate the threat posed by bin responses to al qaeda 's [first] assaults 119 ladin .

On August 27 , Under Secretary of Defense for Policy Walter Slocombe advised Secretary Cohen that the availRESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 121 able targets were not promising .
on august 27 , under secretary of defense for policy walter slocombe advised secretary cohen that the availresponses to al qaeda 's [first] assaults 121 able targets were not promising .

This recommendation was opposed by the State Department 's South Asia bureau , which was concerned that it would damage already RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 123 sensitive relations with Pakistan in the wake of the May 1998 nuclear tests by both Pakistan and India .
this recommendation was opposed by the state department 's south asia bureau , which was concerned that it would damage already responses to al qaeda 's [first] assaults 123 sensitive relations with pakistan in the wake of the may 1998 nuclear tests by both pakistan and india .

In late 1999 , Washington provided some support for talks among the leaders of exile Afghan groups , including the ousted Rome-based King Zahir Shah and Hamid Karzai , about bolstering anti-Taliban forces inside Afghanistan and linking the RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 125 Northern Alliance with Pashtun groups .
in late 1999 , washington provided some support for talks among the leaders of exile afghan groups , including the ousted rome-based king zahir shah and hamid karzai , about bolstering anti-taliban forces inside afghanistan and linking the responses to al qaeda 's [first] assaults 125 northern alliance with pashtun groups .

In preparation for briefing the Senate RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 127 Select Committee on Intelligence on September 2 , Tenet was told that the intelligence community knew more about Bin Ladin 's network '' than about any other top tier terrorist organization . ''
in preparation for briefing the senate responses to al qaeda 's [first] assaults 127 select committee on intelligence on september 2 , tenet was told that the intelligence community knew more about bin ladin 's network '' than about any other top tier terrorist organization . ''

One source quoted a senior member of the Gama'at al-Islamiyya ( IG ) saying that , as of late October , the IG had completed planning for RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 129 an operation in the US on behalf of Bin Ladin , but that the operation was on hold .
one source quoted a senior member of the gama'at al-islamiyya ( ig ) saying that , as of late october , the ig had completed planning for responses to al qaeda 's [first] assaults 129 an operation in the us on behalf of bin ladin , but that the operation was on hold .

In an additional note addressed to Schroen , the tribals noted that if they were to adopt Bin Ladin 's ethics , '' we would have finished the job long before , '' RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 133 but they had been limited by their abilities and `` by our beliefs and laws we have to respect . ''
in an additional note addressed to schroen , the tribals noted that if they were to adopt bin ladin 's ethics , '' we would have finished the job long before , '' responses to al qaeda 's [first] assaults 133 but they had been limited by their abilities and `` by our beliefs and laws we have to respect . ''

The initial strikes had been called Operation Infinite Reach .
the [first] strikes had been called operation infinite reach .

He worried also lest Pakistani authorities not get adequate warning , think the missiles came from India , RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 135 and do something that everyone would later regret .
he worried also lest pakistani authorities not get adequate warning , think the missiles came from india , responses to al qaeda 's [first] assaults 135 and do something that everyone would later regret .

However , if these hurdles were addressed , and if the military could then operate regularly in the region for a long period , perhaps clandestinely , it might RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 137 attempt to gather intelligence and wait for an opportunity .
however , if these hurdles were addressed , and if the military could then operate regularly in the region for a long period , perhaps clandestinely , it might responses to al qaeda 's [first] assaults 137 attempt to gather intelligence and wait for an opportunity .

Bin Zayid later told an American diploRESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 139 mat that the UAE valued its relations with the Taliban because the Afghan radicals offered a counterbalance to `` Iranian dangers '' in the region , but he also noted that the UAE did not want to upset the United States .
bin zayid later told an american diploresponses to al qaeda 's [first] assaults 139 mat that the uae valued its relations with the taliban because the afghan radicals offered a counterbalance to `` iranian dangers '' in the region , but he also noted that the uae did not want to upset the united states .

In fairness , we note two points : In December 1998 , the principals ' wariness about ordering a strike appears to have been vindicated : Bin Ladin left his room unexpectedly , and if a strike had been ordered he would not have been RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 141 hit .
in fairness , we note two points : in december 1998 , the principals ' wariness about ordering a strike appears to have been vindicated : bin ladin left his room unexpectedly , and if a strike had been ordered he would not have been responses to al qaeda 's [first] assaults 141 hit .

It also knew that Massoud would act against Bin Ladin only if his own interests and those of the RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 143 United States intersected .
it also knew that massoud would act against bin ladin only if his own interests and those of the responses to al qaeda 's [first] assaults 143 united states intersected .

A Defense Department paper for the Camp David briefing book on the strategic concept for the war on terrorism specified three priority targets for initial action : al Qaeda , theTaliban , and Iraq .
a defense department paper for the camp david briefing book on the strategic concept for the war on terrorism specified three priority targets for [first] action : al qaeda , thetaliban , and iraq .

With these initial victories won by the middle of 2002 , the global conflict against Islamist terrorism became a different kind of struggle .
with these [first] victories won by the middle of 2002 , the global conflict against islamist terrorism became a different kind of struggle .

His claim was finally denied two years after his initial filing .
his claim was finally denied two years after his [first] filing .

As that agent began an initial pat-down , Ressam panicked and tried to run away .
as that agent began an [first] pat-down , ressam panicked and tried to run away .

Despite the initial tension , the Yemeni and American investigations proceeded .
despite the [first] tension , the yemeni and american investigations proceeded .

The CIA described initial Yemeni support after the Cole as `` slow and inadequate . ''
the cia described [first] yemeni support after the cole as `` slow and inadequate . ''

Rice made an initial decision to hold over both Clarke and his entire counterterrorism staff , a decision that she called rare for a new administration .
rice made an [first] decision to hold over both clarke and his entire counterterrorism staff , a decision that she called rare for a new administration .

The new administration did seek an 8 percent increase in overall FBI funding in its initial budget proposal for fiscal year 2002 , including the largest proposed percentage increase in the FBI 's counterterrorism program since fiscal year 1997 .
the new administration did seek an 8 percent increase in overall fbi funding in its [first] budget proposal for fiscal year 2002 , including the largest proposed percentage increase in the fbi 's counterterrorism program since fiscal year 1997 .

After gaining independence from Western powers following World War II , the Arab Middle East followed an arc from initial pride and optimism to today 's mix of indifference , cynicism , and despair .
after gaining independence from western powers following world war ii , the arab middle east followed an arc from [first] pride and optimism to today 's mix of indifference , cynicism , and despair .

Bin Ladin , Atef , and KSM developed an initial list of targets .
bin ladin , atef , and ksm developed an [first] list of targets .

No one else was involved in the initial selection of targets .
no one else was involved in the [first] selection of targets .

Like the others in this initial group of selectees , they were already experienced mujahideen .
like the others in this [first] group of selectees , they were already experienced mujahideen .

That these candidates were selected so quickly-before comprehensive testing in the training camps or in operations-demonstrates that Bin Ladin and Atef probably already understood the deficiencies of their initial team , Hazmi and Mihdhar .
that these candidates were selected so quickly-before comprehensive testing in the training camps or in operations-demonstrates that bin ladin and atef probably already understood the deficiencies of their [first] team , hazmi and mihdhar .

In Murad 's initial taped confession , he referred to an idea of crashing a plane into CIA headquarters .
in murad 's [first] taped confession , he referred to an idea of crashing a plane into cia headquarters .

In his initial post-capture statements , KSM claimed that Mihdhar did not have to attend the training because he had previously received similar training from KSM .
in his [first] post-capture statements , ksm claimed that mihdhar did not have to attend the training because he had previously received similar training from ksm .

In his initial interviews , he recalled praying with Bayoumi at the consulate before lunch and visiting the mosque only once , after the meal ; when we interviewed him recently , however , he stated that both prayer sessions took place at the mosque .
in his [first] interviews , he recalled praying with bayoumi at the consulate before lunch and visiting the mosque only once , after the meal ; when we interviewed him recently , however , he stated that both prayer sessions took place at the mosque .

For Atta 's initial training in Florida , see FBI report , '' Hijackers Timeline , '' Dec. 5 , 2003 ( July 7 , 2000 , entry citing 265A-NY-280350- TP-5382 ) .
for atta 's [first] training in florida , see fbi report , '' hijackers timeline , '' dec. 5 , 2003 ( july 7 , 2000 , entry citing 265a-ny-280350- tp-5382 ) .

Ali did provide identification for his initial wire transfer to Hazmi in April that , along with some contact information he provided when he made subsequent transfers , helped the FBI unravel his aliases after 9/11 .
ali did provide identification for his [first] wire transfer to hazmi in april that , along with some contact information he provided when he made subsequent transfers , helped the fbi unravel his aliases after 9/11 .

For Hanjour 's trip to Afghanistan , his initial studies in the United States , his rejection by the Saudi flight school , and his desire for flight training in the United States , see Intelligence report , interviews of Saudi hijackers ' families , Dec. 22 , 2001 ; FBI report of investigation , interview of Adnan Khalil , Sept. 29 , 2001 .
for hanjour 's trip to afghanistan , his [first] studies in the united states , his rejection by the saudi flight school , and his desire for flight training in the united states , see intelligence report , interviews of saudi hijackers ' families , dec. 22 , 2001 ; fbi report of investigation , interview of adnan khalil , sept. 29 , 2001 .

Rababah attributed his initial prevarication to wanting to protect the mosque from anti-Arab sentiment following September 11 .
rababah attributed his [first] prevarication to wanting to protect the mosque from anti-arab sentiment following september 11 .

At the request of intelligence community agencies ( including the FBI ) , we use the first name and last initial , only the first name , or in a few instances an alias or title when referring to working-level employees in those agencies .
at the request of intelligence community agencies ( including the fbi ) , we use the first name and last [first] , only the first name , or in a few instances an alias or title when referring to working-level employees in those agencies .

The initial service assignments for flight attendants on American 11 would have placed Karen Martin and Bobbi Arestegui in first class ; Sara Low and Jean Roger in business class ; Dianne Snyder in the midcabin galley ; Betty Ong and Amy Sweeney in coach ; and Karen Nicosia in the aft galley .
the [first] service assignments for flight attendants on american 11 would have placed karen martin and bobbi arestegui in first class ; sara low and jean roger in business class ; dianne snyder in the midcabin galley ; betty ong and amy sweeney in coach ; and karen nicosia in the aft galley .

Just before 8:14 , it had climbed to 26,000 feet , not quite its initial assigned cruising altitude of 29,000 feet .
just before 8:14 , it had climbed to 26,000 feet , not quite its [first] assigned cruising altitude of 29,000 feet .

Because the controller did n't understand the initial transmission , the manager of Boston Center instructed his quality assurance specialist to `` pull the tape '' of the radio transmission , listen to it closely , and report back .
because the controller did n't understand the [first] transmission , the manager of boston center instructed his quality assurance specialist to `` pull the tape '' of the radio transmission , listen to it closely , and report back .

By 9:20 , Indianapolis Center learned that there were other hijacked aircraft , and began to doubt its initial assumption that American 77 had crashed .
by 9:20 , indianapolis center learned that there were other hijacked aircraft , and began to doubt its [first] assumption that american 77 had crashed .

This dissociation between the functions of medial and lateral orbitofrontal cortex seemed to mirror Iversen and Mishkin 's initial dissociation in monkeys , in which the lateral orbitofrontal cortex was linked , in both cases , to the reversal trials .
this dissociation between the functions of medial and lateral orbitofrontal cortex seemed to mirror iversen and mishkin 's [first] dissociation in monkeys , in which the lateral orbitofrontal cortex was linked , in both cases , to the reversal trials .

Recent progress in this field points to a common chemistry in the reaction of H 2 O 2 with thiolates through the initial formation of sulfenic acid .
recent progress in this field points to a common chemistry in the reaction of h 2 o 2 with thiolates through the [first] formation of sulfenic acid .

Oxidation of the single cysteine leads to the dissociation of OhrR from its DNA binding site and the derepression of the gene encoding an organic hydroperoxidase that eliminates the initial oxidizing insult .
oxidation of the single cysteine leads to the dissociation of ohrr from its dna binding site and the derepression of the gene encoding an organic hydroperoxidase that eliminates the [first] oxidizing insult .

The initial development stage of the HMN has now ended , and hopefully the refinement and implementation stages of the effort will begin within the next year .
the [first] development stage of the hmn has now ended , and hopefully the refinement and implementation stages of the effort will begin within the next year .

The mechanism of resistance in three patients was acquisition of a T790M substitution in EGFR that was not present at time of diagnosis , but was detected with progression of disease after initial response to gefitinib or erlotinib .
the mechanism of resistance in three patients was acquisition of a t790m substitution in egfr that was not present at time of diagnosis , but was detected with progression of disease after [first] response to gefitinib or erlotinib .

Our initial goal was to create a flagship journal for the broader PLoS mission by providing an open-access alternative to the best subscription journals in the life sciences , and to put open access firmly on the map .
our [first] goal was to create a flagship journal for the broader plos mission by providing an open-access alternative to the best subscription journals in the life sciences , and to put open access firmly on the map .

Proximal tubular epithelial apoptosis may be an initial mechanism for TED in DNP .
proximal tubular epithelial apoptosis may be an [first] mechanism for ted in dnp .

Recent “ consensus recommendations , ” which were supported in part by the Genzyme Corporation , the manufacturers of recombinant human glucocerebrosidase ( imiglucerase , brand name Cerezyme ) , suggest that children be given an initial dose of 30 to 60 units every two weeks [ 10 ] .
recent “ consensus recommendations , ” which were supported in part by the genzyme corporation , the manufacturers of recombinant human glucocerebrosidase ( imiglucerase , brand name cerezyme ) , suggest that children be given an [first] dose of 30 to 60 units every two weeks [ 10 ] .

Initial reactions to the DNA barcoding concept have ranged from unbridled enthusiasm , especially from ecologists ( Janzen 2004 ) , to outright condemnation , largely from taxonomists ( e.g. , see the February 2003 issue of Trends in Ecology and Evolution ) .
[first] reactions to the dna barcoding concept have ranged from unbridled enthusiasm , especially from ecologists ( janzen 2004 ) , to outright condemnation , largely from taxonomists ( e.g. , see the february 2003 issue of trends in ecology and evolution ) .

If there is significant variation , assessment of intraspecific diversity can be based on a small sample of individuals only if individuals are sampled across existing population subdivisions for which geography and phenotypic variation are reasonable initial surrogates .
if there is significant variation , assessment of intraspecific diversity can be based on a small sample of individuals only if individuals are sampled across existing population subdivisions for which geography and phenotypic variation are reasonable [first] surrogates .

An Initial Step : Improved Surveillance “ Before you can start to control CWD , you need to understand where it is and how much of it you have , ” says veterinary pathologist Beth Williams of the University of Wyoming in Laramie .
an [first] step : improved surveillance “ before you can start to control cwd , you need to understand where it is and how much of it you have , ” says veterinary pathologist beth williams of the university of wyoming in laramie .

For example , consider Dennis Burkitt 's report on jaw tumors in African children , Alfred Blalock 's initial efforts in cardiac surgery , or , more recently , Starzl and colleagues ' observations , in a small collection of patients , of donor leukocyte chimerism , whereby recipients acquire tolerance to foreign donor cells .
for example , consider dennis burkitt 's report on jaw tumors in african children , alfred blalock 's [first] efforts in cardiac surgery , or , more recently , starzl and colleagues ' observations , in a small collection of patients , of donor leukocyte chimerism , whereby recipients acquire tolerance to foreign donor cells .

The average age of initial funding for US physicians is about 44 years , and shows a trend toward advancing age that has progressed significantly in the past two decades .
the average age of [first] funding for us physicians is about 44 years , and shows a trend toward advancing age that has progressed significantly in the past two decades .

The initial hope that STIs would help patients achieve greater viral control has so far not been supported by data from clinical trials , but interrupting treatment has also been proposed as a strategy to reduce the cost of long-term therapy and drug-associated toxicity .
the [first] hope that stis would help patients achieve greater viral control has so far not been supported by data from clinical trials , but interrupting treatment has also been proposed as a strategy to reduce the cost of long-term therapy and drug-associated toxicity .

Of Mice and Men The initial effort will focus on the standard , inbred lab mouse strain known affectionately as C57BL6 .
of mice and men the [first] effort will focus on the standard , inbred lab mouse strain known affectionately as c57bl6 .

Insel suggests an initial mental health application : find dyspyndin , a gene linked to schizophrenia .
insel suggests an [first] mental health application : find dyspyndin , a gene linked to schizophrenia .

The initial release consists of an image viewer to view the in situ hybridization data for one or several genes at a time , along with a reference atlas to determine the structures in which genes are expressed .
the [first] release consists of an image viewer to view the in situ hybridization data for one or several genes at a time , along with a reference atlas to determine the structures in which genes are expressed .

The risk of an early ischemic stroke within the first 2 wk was high ( around 17 % ) without initial antithrombotic treatment [ 3 ] .
the risk of an early ischemic stroke within the first 2 wk was high ( around 17 % ) without [first] antithrombotic treatment [ 3 ] .

With such a narrow range of BMI , coupled with the very small changes in weight during the six years of initial follow-up , even a very large study would not have sufficient power to detect plausible relative risks associated with weight change .
with such a narrow range of bmi , coupled with the very small changes in weight during the six years of [first] follow-up , even a very large study would not have sufficient power to detect plausible relative risks associated with weight change .

Initial Proposal The initial proposal is directed at deciphering the role of the “ hypothetical proteins ” encoded in the microbial genomes and would involve a community-wide approach to determine the function of these hypotheticals based on solid , old-fashioned biochemistry .
[first] proposal the [first] proposal is directed at deciphering the role of the “ hypothetical proteins ” encoded in the microbial genomes and would involve a community-wide approach to determine the function of these hypotheticals based on solid , old-fashioned biochemistry .

I would recommend allowing one laboratory per open reading frame in the initial stages .
i would recommend allowing one laboratory per open reading frame in the [first] stages .

While the initial list of target genes should probably be based on a well-studied and experimentally tractable organism such as Escherichia coli , I would not demand that the biochemical experiments be done on the E. coli gene .
while the [first] list of target genes should probably be based on a well-studied and experimentally tractable organism such as escherichia coli , i would not demand that the biochemical experiments be done on the e. coli gene .

Notably absent from this initial plan is any mention of a timeline or milestones .
notably absent from this [first] plan is any mention of a timeline or milestones .

Using the genes that were selected in the initial filter , we performed a statistical analysis on the expression levels to determine whether the genes were expressed significantly differently in the two cell types .
using the genes that were selected in the [first] filter , we performed a statistical analysis on the expression levels to determine whether the genes were expressed significantly differently in the two cell types .

After the initial silent spread of virus came the outbreak of ill health .
after the [first] silent spread of virus came the outbreak of ill health .

The inserted DNA acts as a tag , making cloning of mutated genes very straightforward , although the efficiency of the initial insertional mutagenesis is much lower than that of the chemical mutagenesis used in the 1992–1993 screens .
the inserted dna acts as a tag , making cloning of mutated genes very straightforward , although the efficiency of the [first] insertional mutagenesis is much lower than that of the chemical mutagenesis used in the 1992–1993 screens .

Patients underwent successive treatment interruptions after an initial treatment period of at least 8 mo ( median , 508 d ; range , 245–1,096 d ) and were required to restart therapy when viral load exceeded 50,000 RNA copies/ml plasma on a single occasion , or 5,000 copies/ml for three consecutive weeks .
patients underwent successive treatment interruptions after an [first] treatment period of at least 8 mo ( median , 508 d ; range , 245–1,096 d ) and were required to restart therapy when viral load exceeded 50,000 rna copies/ml plasma on a single occasion , or 5,000 copies/ml for three consecutive weeks .

Although initial control of viremia to less than 5,000 RNA copies/ml plasma was achieved in the majority of the individuals studied , a gradual increase in viremia and decline in CD4+ T cell counts was observed in most patients , even after a year or more of viral containment .
although [first] control of viremia to less than 5,000 rna copies/ml plasma was achieved in the majority of the individuals studied , a gradual increase in viremia and decline in cd4+ t cell counts was observed in most patients , even after a year or more of viral containment .

This factor is specifically required for maintenance of all known prions within generations and probably is not involved in prion formation ( i.e. , initial protein aggregation ) .
this factor is specifically required for maintenance of all known prions within generations and probably is not involved in prion formation ( i.e. , [first] protein aggregation ) .

Our findings therefore confirm the utility of chemokine receptor expression patterns in the initial assessment of T cell effector phenotype .
our findings therefore confirm the utility of chemokine receptor expression patterns in the [first] assessment of t cell effector phenotype .

Fluid Delivery System In initial studies , we used a single peristaltic pump to deliver sample and washes to the flow cell .
fluid delivery system in [first] studies , we used a single peristaltic pump to deliver sample and washes to the flow cell .

For the initial dilution control studies , CD4 cells were purified by immunomagnetic separation from donor buffy coats .
for the [first] dilution control studies , cd4 cells were purified by immunomagnetic separation from donor buffy coats .

Results In initial experiments using the original ETC system [ 21â€ “ 23 ] , microspheres were coated with monoclonal antibodies to the lymphocyte surface markers CD3 , CD4 , or CD8 , followed by microfluidic delivery of fluorescently labeled lymphocytes from whole blood obtained from non-HIV-infected participants .
results in [first] experiments using the original etc system [ 21â€ “ 23 ] , microspheres were coated with monoclonal antibodies to the lymphocyte surface markers cd3 , cd4 , or cd8 , followed by microfluidic delivery of fluorescently labeled lymphocytes from whole blood obtained from non-hiv-infected participants .

Annual screening for diabetic retinopathy should be performed in all people with diabetes after an initial evaluation and reassessed more frequently if retinopathy is diagnosed .
annual screening for diabetic retinopathy should be performed in all people with diabetes after an [first] evaluation and reassessed more frequently if retinopathy is diagnosed .

Similarly , despite much initial enthusiasm , attempts to develop antisense drugs have been largely disappointing .
similarly , despite much [first] enthusiasm , attempts to develop antisense drugs have been largely disappointing .

To avoid some of the problems of delivery , initial trials may deliver the RNA by direct injection into the target tissue ( for a tumor , for instance ) or ex vivo , treating white blood cells infected with HIV , for example .
to avoid some of the problems of delivery , [first] trials may deliver the rna by direct injection into the target tissue ( for a tumor , for instance ) or ex vivo , treating white blood cells infected with hiv , for example .

The human homolog of resistin has subsequently been under intense investigation , but initial studies revealed more differences than similarities between the human and rodent proteins : human resistin is mostly expressed in macrophages , not in adipocytes , and its serum levels do not correlate as clearly with obesity , insulin resistance , or diabetes .
the human homolog of resistin has subsequently been under intense investigation , but [first] studies revealed more differences than similarities between the human and rodent proteins : human resistin is mostly expressed in macrophages , not in adipocytes , and its serum levels do not correlate as clearly with obesity , insulin resistance , or diabetes .

These results prompted some of the scientists in the field who had jumped on the resistin bandwagon after the initial results in rodents to jump off again .
these results prompted some of the scientists in the field who had jumped on the resistin bandwagon after the [first] results in rodents to jump off again .

Thus , a complete vaccination strategy may involve an initial induction phase , followed by progressive shaping of the response to higher RE .
thus , a complete vaccination strategy may involve an [first] induction phase , followed by progressive shaping of the response to higher re .

Although heteroclitic peptide vaccination may drive T cells of mixed high and low RE , such a strong stimulus may be needed to induce an initial de novo T cell response .
although heteroclitic peptide vaccination may drive t cells of mixed high and low re , such a strong stimulus may be needed to induce an [first] de novo t cell response .

Therefore , optimized use of heteroclitic peptide to induce an initial peptide-specific T cell response , followed by selective expansion of the highest RE tumor-lytic T cells may be needed for an effective strategy with clear clinical application .
therefore , optimized use of heteroclitic peptide to induce an [first] peptide-specific t cell response , followed by selective expansion of the highest re tumor-lytic t cells may be needed for an effective strategy with clear clinical application .

Remarkably Complex Stories My initial doubts notwithstanding , I found dozens of well-informed , medically competent patients sharing information on a variety of topics .
remarkably complex stories my [first] doubts notwithstanding , i found dozens of well-informed , medically competent patients sharing information on a variety of topics .

The Heads and Tails of Inside-Out Signaling Mutational studies provided the initial hints that disruption of the non-covalent clasp between α and β cytoplasmic tails is clearly the event within the structure of the integrin that initiates inside-out signaling .
the heads and tails of inside-out signaling mutational studies provided the [first] hints that disruption of the non-covalent clasp between α and β cytoplasmic tails is clearly the event within the structure of the integrin that initiates inside-out signaling .

Thus , an initial low risk profile becomes far more significant when considered in the context of long lives .
thus , an [first] low risk profile becomes far more significant when considered in the context of long lives .

Despite initial excitement , these therapies have beneficial effects in some , but not all , patients [ 2,3 ] .
despite [first] excitement , these therapies have beneficial effects in some , but not all , patients [ 2,3 ] .

The Challenge Why is it that we still do not have a protective vaccine against HIV 22 years after its initial identification ?
the challenge why is it that we still do not have a protective vaccine against hiv 22 years after its [first] identification ?

Moreover , superinfection by a second viral strain has been documented in a number of individuals who have already mounted immune responses to the initial HIV infection .
moreover , superinfection by a second viral strain has been documented in a number of individuals who have already mounted immune responses to the [first] hiv infection .

Answering these questions might determine whether initial treatment strategies should be different for people with non-subtype-B viruses , and also could help decide how patients with non-subtype-B virus who fail antiretroviral therapy should be managed .
answering these questions might determine whether [first] treatment strategies should be different for people with non-subtype-b viruses , and also could help decide how patients with non-subtype-b virus who fail antiretroviral therapy should be managed .

As Gary Gilliland and colleagues point out in an accompanying Perspective ( DOI : 10.1371/journal.pmed.0020075 ) , the initial identification three years ago of resistance mutations against imatinib led to the rapid development of alternative kinase inhibitors that work even against tumors with the resistance mutation .
as gary gilliland and colleagues point out in an accompanying perspective ( doi : 10.1371/journal.pmed.0020075 ) , the [first] identification three years ago of resistance mutations against imatinib led to the rapid development of alternative kinase inhibitors that work even against tumors with the resistance mutation .

Whatever his initial thoughts about the nature of the problem , Francis soon came to realize that the problem of consciousness was even tougher than he imagined , that the “ click ” was not happening with consciousness .
whatever his [first] thoughts about the nature of the problem , francis soon came to realize that the problem of consciousness was even tougher than he imagined , that the “ click ” was not happening with consciousness .

Initial work at this center focused on a drug lead for Chagas disease and was supported by a Tropical Disease Research Unit Program project grant from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases .
[first] work at this center focused on a drug lead for chagas disease and was supported by a tropical disease research unit program project grant from the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases .

Moreover , at least in patients 1 and 2 , the subclones of tumor cells bearing this mutation probably emerged between the time of initial treatment with a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and the appearance of drug resistance .
moreover , at least in patients 1 and 2 , the subclones of tumor cells bearing this mutation probably emerged between the time of [first] treatment with a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and the appearance of drug resistance .

Although all humans are equally susceptible to initial infection , there is evidence of genetic predisposition to dissemination , independent of socioeconomic or environmental factors , particularly among African-Americans and Filipinos [ 25 ] .
although all humans are equally susceptible to [first] infection , there is evidence of genetic predisposition to dissemination , independent of socioeconomic or environmental factors , particularly among african-americans and filipinos [ 25 ] .

From the initial identification of Phytophthora ramorum , it took less than four years to produce a draft sequence of its genome , one of the fastest-ever discovery-to-sequence stories for a complex pathogen .
from the [first] identification of phytophthora ramorum , it took less than four years to produce a draft sequence of its genome , one of the fastest-ever discovery-to-sequence stories for a complex pathogen .

The P. infestans sequencing initiative , coordinated by Kamoun , has recently completed a survey sequence of the genome that gives an initial understanding of how this organism is structured .
the p. infestans sequencing initiative , coordinated by kamoun , has recently completed a survey sequence of the genome that gives an [first] understanding of how this organism is structured .

Initial findings are that oospores—the product of sexual recombination—are being produced , although most of them abort before they reach maturity .
[first] findings are that oospores—the product of sexual recombination—are being produced , although most of them abort before they reach maturity .

I am pleased to report to you that we have raised $ 87,000 toward our initial goal , which is to reach $ l00,000 by 1995 .
i am pleased to report to you that we have raised $ 87,000 toward our [first] goal , which is to reach $ l00,000 by 1995 .

March 31 , 1993 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Name and Name : I would like to thank you for your support of the Chancellor 's Circle at IUPUI in its initial year .
march 31 , 1993 name address city , st zip dear name and name : i would like to thank you for your support of the chancellor 's circle at iupui in its [first] year .

Contributions to DING FEST are especially important because we believe that our initial investment will result in substantial earnings for the Department .
contributions to ding fest are especially important because we believe that our [first] investment will result in substantial earnings for the department .

The initial programs have been very successful and the YMCA has been invited into more communities within Center Township .
the [first] programs have been very successful and the ymca has been invited into more communities within center township .

Even by the standards of this hyperactive stock market , Friday 's initial public offering for FreeMarkets was staggering .
even by the standards of this hyperactive stock market , friday 's [first] public offering for freemarkets was staggering .

In purely financial terms , yesterday 's initial public offering from Linux networker Andover.net will go down as just another in a series of remarkable first-day debuts .
in purely financial terms , yesterday 's [first] public offering from linux networker andover.net will go down as just another in a series of remarkable first-day debuts .

In a typical IPO , the lead underwriter sets an initial filing price , then takes provisional orders from institutional investors that it uses to gauge demand .
in a typical ipo , the lead underwriter sets an [first] filing price , then takes provisional orders from institutional investors that it uses to gauge demand .

The initial assumption was flat wrong .
the [first] assumption was flat wrong .

The company 's stock is but three dollars above its six-year-old initial offering price , and sales of its business consulting products and services are flat .
the company 's stock is but three dollars above its six-year-old [first] offering price , and sales of its business consulting products and services are flat .

The NYT holds off its initial rate forecast until the twenty-third paragraph , a comment that many analysts think further reductions are likely .
the nyt holds off its [first] rate forecast until the twenty-third paragraph , a comment that many analysts think further reductions are likely .

Should we really expect the minority share of enrollments not just to keep growing but to keep growing at its initial pace ?
should we really expect the minority share of enrollments not just to keep growing but to keep growing at its [first] pace ?

This past fall , Yardeni downgraded his prediction from a `` 12-month or longer recession '' to a `` very intense recession '' of six months that would bring the Dow down to 8,000 , but he continued to put the likelihood of Y2K-computer-glitch recession at 70 percent , up from his initial , more cautious prediction of 30 percent .
this past fall , yardeni downgraded his prediction from a `` 12-month or longer recession '' to a `` very intense recession '' of six months that would bring the dow down to 8,000 , but he continued to put the likelihood of y2k-computer-glitch recession at 70 percent , up from his [first] , more cautious prediction of 30 percent .

The China Daily reported the establishment of a new national anti-smuggling police force of an initial 6,000 officers .
the china daily reported the establishment of a new national anti-smuggling police force of an [first] 6,000 officers .

Maybe it is still possible to push the reset button -- to rewind the tape to mid-January and recapture that initial optimism .
maybe it is still possible to push the reset button -- to rewind the tape to mid-january and recapture that [first] optimism .

If more than 24 hours occur between initial suckage and revivification , victim no longer qualifies for living death designation and will be considered conventionally deceased .
if more than 24 hours occur between [first] suckage and revivification , victim no longer qualifies for living death designation and will be considered conventionally deceased .

A : It 's true we approached the CEO with some trepidation , and his initial reaction was not encouraging .
a : it 's true we approached the ceo with some trepidation , and his [first] reaction was not encouraging .

We do provide access to them here , but there is initial resistance .
we do provide access to them here , but there is [first] resistance .

He makes a fatal miscalculation : The initial murders are so horrifying in their plainness that when the movie takes the gentlemanly way out and refuses to provide a cathartic bloodbath , the audience feels burned .
he makes a fatal miscalculation : the [first] murders are so horrifying in their plainness that when the movie takes the gentlemanly way out and refuses to provide a cathartic bloodbath , the audience feels burned .

The two follow the clichéd cop-buddy film trajectory ( initial distrust gives way to bonding ) and , along the way , treat the audience to some great action scenes and some not so great ethnic stereotypes .
the two follow the clichéd cop-buddy film trajectory ( [first] distrust gives way to bonding ) and , along the way , treat the audience to some great action scenes and some not so great ethnic stereotypes .

Still , the show , having sold out its initial run , is being extended .
still , the show , having sold out its [first] run , is being extended .

The initial media spin is that this was scandalously legal .
the [first] media spin is that this was scandalously legal .

In a strange way , after an initial frost , their marriage grows more tender as it grows more distant .
in a strange way , after an [first] frost , their marriage grows more tender as it grows more distant .

Are you the same Chris Caldwell whose excellent recent Standard report on Hillary 's Senate campaign included the observation that `` most of the 'neighbors ' `` rustled up for her initial appearance were in fact Democratic activists ? )
are you the same chris caldwell whose excellent recent standard report on hillary 's senate campaign included the observation that `` most of the 'neighbors ' `` rustled up for her [first] appearance were in fact democratic activists ? )

Of course the other circumstance that makes the two women different is that Eleanor really had no initial way of claiming power for herself , whereas Hillary could have launched her own political career decades ago , instead of offering us that unnerving two-for-the-price-of-one arrangement .
of course the other circumstance that makes the two women different is that eleanor really had no [first] way of claiming power for herself , whereas hillary could have launched her own political career decades ago , instead of offering us that unnerving two-for-the-price-of-one arrangement .

For instance , respondents noted that they are frequently able to reverse an insurer 's initial decision to deny a course of treatment , and they admit that the rise of managed care has probably led to an upswing in preventive medicine .
for instance , respondents noted that they are frequently able to reverse an insurer 's [first] decision to deny a course of treatment , and they admit that the rise of managed care has probably led to an upswing in preventive medicine .

That was 1995 ; this is 1998 , and since I sent out the initial direct mail for this magazine ( which I knew would cover political stuff and politicians ) , I have n't made any contributions to anyone , let alone the president ( to whom , again , I made one contribution in 1995 ) .
that was 1995 ; this is 1998 , and since i sent out the [first] direct mail for this magazine ( which i knew would cover political stuff and politicians ) , i have n't made any contributions to anyone , let alone the president ( to whom , again , i made one contribution in 1995 ) .

No , they were wrong , and the Inquirer was right in its initial Norplant editorial , when it noted that women would be free to `` change their minds at any point and become fertile again . ''
no , they were wrong , and the inquirer was right in its [first] norplant editorial , when it noted that women would be free to `` change their minds at any point and become fertile again . ''

Brill accuses Newsweek of suppressing critical exculpatory information about Clinton in its initial story published online .
brill accuses newsweek of suppressing critical exculpatory information about clinton in its [first] story published online .

Later Mundell would broaden this initial insight by proposing the concept of the `` impossible trinity '' ; free capital movement , a fixed exchange rate , and an effective monetary policy .
later mundell would broaden this [first] insight by proposing the concept of the `` impossible trinity '' ; free capital movement , a fixed exchange rate , and an effective monetary policy .

However , an Energy Department official told the New York Times that the charges of racism are bunk and that only three of the 12 initial suspects in the case were of Chinese background .
however , an energy department official told the new york times that the charges of racism are bunk and that only three of the 12 [first] suspects in the case were of chinese background .

As John Gregory Dunne reported in The New Yorker , Tom 's initial allegation `` was not vigorously pursued in testimony . ''
as john gregory dunne reported in the new yorker , tom 's [first] allegation `` was not vigorously pursued in testimony . ''

At no point does he tell the reader the size of the initial exemption .
at no point does he tell the reader the size of the [first] exemption .

Brown II gummed up the initial 1954 Brown ruling -- which had decreed segregated schools unconstitutional -- by saying , in a now-infamous oxymoron , that desegregation should proceed `` with all deliberate speed . ''
brown ii gummed up the [first] 1954 brown ruling -- which had decreed segregated schools unconstitutional -- by saying , in a now-infamous oxymoron , that desegregation should proceed `` with all deliberate speed . ''

After the initial round of white flight , Charlotte maintained for the next two decades a mix of roughly 60 percent white and 40 percent black students .
after the [first] round of white flight , charlotte maintained for the next two decades a mix of roughly 60 percent white and 40 percent black students .

Trulock countered that only three of the 12 initial suspects in the case were of Chinese background .
trulock countered that only three of the 12 [first] suspects in the case were of chinese background .

Trulock countered that only three of the 12 initial suspects in the case were of Chinese background and called a recent report exonerating the Clinton administration `` a whitewash . ''
trulock countered that only three of the 12 [first] suspects in the case were of chinese background and called a recent report exonerating the clinton administration `` a whitewash . ''

Its popularity was due principally to the famous acrostic consisting of the initial letters of five Greek words forming the word for fish ( Ichthys ) , which briefly but clearly described the character of Christ and His claim to the worship of believers : Iesous Christos Theou Yios Soter , i.e .
its popularity was due principally to the famous acrostic consisting of the [first] letters of five greek words forming the word for fish ( ichthys ) , which briefly but clearly described the character of christ and his claim to the worship of believers : iesous christos theou yios soter , i.e .

For that reason , I shall ask you to clip out of the papers those articles or editorials I designate with the initial 'M . '
for that reason , i shall ask you to clip out of the papers those articles or editorials i designate with the [first] 'm . '

Tuesday 's initial public offering for Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia -- Omnimedia , has there ever been a more perfect name ? -- killed on Wall Street , rising from $ 18 to $ 52 before settling at $ 36 .
tuesday 's [first] public offering for martha stewart living omnimedia -- omnimedia , has there ever been a more perfect name ? -- killed on wall street , rising from $ 18 to $ 52 before settling at $ 36 .

The death toll from the initial 7.6-magnitude quake has topped 2,000 and is expected to rise as rescuers search for 2,300 people believed to be trapped in the rubble .
the death toll from the [first] 7.6-magnitude quake has topped 2,000 and is expected to rise as rescuers search for 2,300 people believed to be trapped in the rubble .

The nest egg is going to be taxed at a federal rate of about 55 percent , after an initial exemption and then a transition amount taxed at around 40 percent ( and all that after paying estate expenses ) .
the nest egg is going to be taxed at a federal rate of about 55 percent , after an [first] exemption and then a transition amount taxed at around 40 percent ( and all that after paying estate expenses ) .

For one thing , the crisis turned out to be worse than anyone had imagined possible , and anyone with an open mind began to suspect that the IMF 's initial policies had been misconceived .
for one thing , the crisis turned out to be worse than anyone had imagined possible , and anyone with an open mind began to suspect that the imf 's [first] policies had been misconceived .

Two e-mail messages and one trip to a chat room ( by his own admission ) may give him room to give his initial reactions , but not to cast judgment on an entire culture .
two e-mail messages and one trip to a chat room ( by his own admission ) may give him room to give his [first] reactions , but not to cast judgment on an entire culture .

In Aristotle 's case , the company charges an initial setup fee plus 10 percent of the contributions , a percentage that 's also split with credit-card issuers and middlemen who interact with the banks , such as CyberCash .
in aristotle 's case , the company charges an [first] setup fee plus 10 percent of the contributions , a percentage that 's also split with credit-card issuers and middlemen who interact with the banks , such as cybercash .

After recovering from the initial euphoria over winning the big prize , Mayor Jim Dailey and Co. realized they had to find $ 15 million to buy and clear the property .
after recovering from the [first] euphoria over winning the big prize , mayor jim dailey and co. realized they had to find $ 15 million to buy and clear the property .

That is , there is some initial bone-building response by the body to large calcium doses , but it may be a temporary and unsustainable change .
that is , there is some [first] bone-building response by the body to large calcium doses , but it may be a temporary and unsustainable change .

To prove my initial point about sociopolitical cheek-by-jowlness , I would like to conclude by saying that if I have to hear Lenny Kravitz sing `` Fly Away '' on that Nissan ad one more time , I am going to consider starting a personal little war , and like St. Augustine , I would consider it just .
to prove my [first] point about sociopolitical cheek-by-jowlness , i would like to conclude by saying that if i have to hear lenny kravitz sing `` fly away '' on that nissan ad one more time , i am going to consider starting a personal little war , and like st. augustine , i would consider it just .

His initial response was that while $ 2,000 , the amount in his plan , would n't cover tuition at Sidwell Friends or Andover , it would pay for many Catholic parochial schools .
his [first] response was that while $ 2,000 , the amount in his plan , would n't cover tuition at sidwell friends or andover , it would pay for many catholic parochial schools .

What I was writing about was your initial discussion of art and funding , as represented by the Brooklyn Museum dispute .
what i was writing about was your [first] discussion of art and funding , as represented by the brooklyn museum dispute .

Do you really think , to jump back to your initial e-mail , that Warren Beatty would be a candidate worth breaking one 's heart over ?
do you really think , to jump back to your [first] e-mail , that warren beatty would be a candidate worth breaking one 's heart over ?

The initial contact with our firm was made with George Mitchell .
the [first] contact with our firm was made with george mitchell .

It keeps the initial capital A and the first two syllables of `` A & A '' ( pronounced `` A ' n ' A '' ) ; it puns on `` eon , '' which implies longevity and stability -- a desirable connotation for an insurance-services company , especially one that has just undergone a major and disruptive change ; it has a remote but perceptible similarity in sound to `` Bain '' ; and it gives the company a unique , legally protectable , and memorable name , unlike the generic `` Combined Insurance '' moniker .
it keeps the [first] capital a and the first two syllables of `` a & a '' ( pronounced `` a ' n ' a '' ) ; it puns on `` eon , '' which implies longevity and stability -- a desirable connotation for an insurance-services company , especially one that has just undergone a major and disruptive change ; it has a remote but perceptible similarity in sound to `` bain '' ; and it gives the company a unique , legally protectable , and memorable name , unlike the generic `` combined insurance '' moniker .

I remember taking some time filling out the form for my initial order ; I do n't know how long it took , but I was taking my time , making sure everything was correct .
i remember taking some time filling out the form for my [first] order ; i do n't know how long it took , but i was taking my time , making sure everything was correct .

I agree that your initial ramp-up strategy of having everyone wear more black is an excellent starting point .
i agree that your [first] ramp-up strategy of having everyone wear more black is an excellent starting point .

If , in addition , policy-makers reduce rigidities ( particularly in the labor market ) , the initial consequence will be a rise in unemployment , followed by an improvement with a delay of a couple of years ( see New Zealand , the U.K. , and the Netherlands , for example ) .
if , in addition , policy-makers reduce rigidities ( particularly in the labor market ) , the [first] consequence will be a rise in unemployment , followed by an improvement with a delay of a couple of years ( see new zealand , the u.k. , and the netherlands , for example ) .

Biographical criticism is important , not only for the three reasons that Kinsley expressed in his initial argument , especially the point on hypocrisy , but for historical reasons .
biographical criticism is important , not only for the three reasons that kinsley expressed in his [first] argument , especially the point on hypocrisy , but for historical reasons .

After Bill denounces the initial story in the Washington Post , saying , `` It 's lie after lie ! ''
after bill denounces the [first] story in the washington post , saying , `` it 's lie after lie ! ''

Initial reports indicated the Germans were angry because the agent was conducting economic espionage against Germany .
[first] reports indicated the germans were angry because the agent was conducting economic espionage against germany .

Initial reports indicated the Germans were angry because the agent was conducting economic espionage against Germany .
[first] reports indicated the germans were angry because the agent was conducting economic espionage against germany .

Initial reports indicated the Germans were angry because the agent was conducting economic espionage against Germany .
[first] reports indicated the germans were angry because the agent was conducting economic espionage against germany .

Chatterbox hears that the lawyer for Clinton secretary Betty Currie was irritated that President Clinton overplayed Currie 's initial denial of the Feb. 6 New York Times story regarding her testimony before Kenneth Starr 's grand jury ... .If you recall , Lawrence Wechsler , Currie 's attorney , issued a statement saying she was not `` aware '' of any legal or ethical impropriety .
chatterbox hears that the lawyer for clinton secretary betty currie was irritated that president clinton overplayed currie 's [first] denial of the feb. 6 new york times story regarding her testimony before kenneth starr 's grand jury ... .if you recall , lawrence wechsler , currie 's attorney , issued a statement saying she was not `` aware '' of any legal or ethical impropriety .

The straight initial drop also indicates that the problem was likely not with the engines ' thrust reversers , which would have caused the plane to spin had they fired accidentally .
the straight [first] drop also indicates that the problem was likely not with the engines ' thrust reversers , which would have caused the plane to spin had they fired accidentally .

An initial draft of the memo was reportedly titled 'Only In Horseshoes and Hand Grenades . '
an [first] draft of the memo was reportedly titled 'only in horseshoes and hand grenades . '

The New York Times , which reefered initial quake reports yesterday , goes with a four-column headline .
the new york times , which reefered [first] quake reports yesterday , goes with a four-column headline .

An `` unnamed official '' tells the Post that the administration has since backtracked on its initial assertions that a toxic substance was manufactured at the plant and that its owner was a terrorist .
an `` unnamed official '' tells the post that the administration has since backtracked on its [first] assertions that a toxic substance was manufactured at the plant and that its owner was a terrorist .

As Flytrap II enters Week II , it is segueing gracefully into the second stage of scandal : The initial glee of Clinton 's enemies has matured into thoughtful magnanimity .
as flytrap ii enters week ii , it is segueing gracefully into the second stage of scandal : the [first] glee of clinton 's enemies has matured into thoughtful magnanimity .

Initial test shows DNA , Starr does n't ask for blood sample , hopes to trick Clinton into thinking he 's in the clear .
[first] test shows dna , starr does n't ask for blood sample , hopes to trick clinton into thinking he 's in the clear .

Initial test shows no DNA , Starr does n't say anything , hopes Clinton will assume he 's pursuing Option B , etc .
[first] test shows no dna , starr does n't say anything , hopes clinton will assume he 's pursuing option b , etc .

Reflecting suspicions that the bomb was set by the `` Real IRA , '' a breakaway branch of the IRA ( the initial telephone warning was made by a caller using one of that group 's code words , though official spokesmen denied responsibility Sunday ) , Ulster Unionist Party leader and Northern Ireland Minister David Trimble told the London Sunday Times that `` this bomb would not have been made or detonated if Sinn Fein had handed over its explosives and weapons . ''
reflecting suspicions that the bomb was set by the `` real ira , '' a breakaway branch of the ira ( the [first] telephone warning was made by a caller using one of that group 's code words , though official spokesmen denied responsibility sunday ) , ulster unionist party leader and northern ireland minister david trimble told the london sunday times that `` this bomb would not have been made or detonated if sinn fein had handed over its explosives and weapons . ''

That was probably why `` the initial rush of condemnation of India 's recent nuclear tests has been followed by a chorus of voices in Washington in support of New Delhi 's actions . ''
that was probably why `` the [first] rush of condemnation of india 's recent nuclear tests has been followed by a chorus of voices in washington in support of new delhi 's actions . ''

The initial euphoria over the Northern Ireland peace agreement rapidly gave way in the British and Irish press to fears that it might fail .
the [first] euphoria over the northern ireland peace agreement rapidly gave way in the british and irish press to fears that it might fail .

The President arrived in Caracas , Venezuela yesterday , where he made his initial pitch for what will be the main theme of his ten-day South American trip -- the expansion of free trade .
the president arrived in caracas , venezuela yesterday , where he made his [first] pitch for what will be the main theme of his ten-day south american trip -- the expansion of free trade .

The initial reaction was favorable , says the paper : Tokyo stock prices went up , as did the yen against the dollar .
the [first] reaction was favorable , says the paper : tokyo stock prices went up , as did the yen against the dollar .

Because of its time-zone advantage , the LAT was able to put its initial coverage of the Mother Teresa funeral in its Saturday edition .
because of its time-zone advantage , the lat was able to put its [first] coverage of the mother teresa funeral in its saturday edition .

The paper points out , though , that the casings could have been from ATF weapons admittedly fired during the initial gunfight at the compound .
the paper points out , though , that the casings could have been from atf weapons admittedly fired during the [first] gunfight at the compound .

One of the initial frustrations of Enduring Love is the eclipse of the balloon accident .
one of the [first] frustrations of enduring love is the eclipse of the balloon accident .

Did n't the last round of Internet initial public offerings bomb ?
did n't the last round of internet [first] public offerings bomb ?

Initial impressions notwithstanding , Jooky ends up making intention and product crystal clear : It 's taking on a whole genre on behalf of a drink that promises only good taste , not the good life .
[first] impressions notwithstanding , jooky ends up making intention and product crystal clear : it 's taking on a whole genre on behalf of a drink that promises only good taste , not the good life .

The initial visuals are fuzzy and sweet , and ring newish variations on familiar themes of family and friends , companionship and security .
the [first] visuals are fuzzy and sweet , and ring newish variations on familiar themes of family and friends , companionship and security .

Confounding our initial assumption , the spot prompts us to question why this kind of discrimination is accepted -- even legal in 41 states , a fact the narrator tells us `` most Americans do n't know . ''
confounding our [first] assumption , the spot prompts us to question why this kind of discrimination is accepted -- even legal in 41 states , a fact the narrator tells us `` most americans do n't know . ''

Noting Willey 's initial reluctance to testify , Germond dismisses talk of impure motives as the White House `` trying to throw sand in our eyes . ''
noting willey 's [first] reluctance to testify , germond dismisses talk of impure motives as the white house `` trying to throw sand in our eyes . ''

Despite the initial lack of any evidence of foul play in the crash of EgyptAir Flight 990 off the coast of Massachusetts , European newspapers clung hopefully to that possibility Monday .
despite the [first] lack of any evidence of foul play in the crash of egyptair flight 990 off the coast of massachusetts , european newspapers clung hopefully to that possibility monday .

It 's not Wallace 's initial caving-in to the network -- '' I 'm with Don on this , '' he tells Bergman -- that does him the most damage .
it 's not wallace 's [first] caving-in to the network -- '' i 'm with don on this , '' he tells bergman -- that does him the most damage .

The initial phase of the Clinton counter-thrust , which hit the beach on the Sunday chat shows , leads everywhere .
the [first] phase of the clinton counter-thrust , which hit the beach on the sunday chat shows , leads everywhere .

The NYT reports that the initial reaction in the Asian markets on Monday was nearly a $ 4 up-tick .
the nyt reports that the [first] reaction in the asian markets on monday was nearly a $ 4 up-tick .

The piece , by Whitewater experts Jeff Gerth and Stephen Labaton is mostly a useful summary of old news , but there is new ground broken : the grand jury evidence includes 1 ) a document found last summer in a briefcase in Vince Foster 's attic that impugns Hillary Clinton 's account of how she came to represent James McDougal 's Madison Savings and Loan , and 2 ) Bill Clinton 's testimony that after the initial NYT articles on Whitewater he sent an associate to see McDougal : `` I might have asked him to , you know , talk to him and see if we could have no further damaging articles , but I do n't remember exactly what I said . ''
the piece , by whitewater experts jeff gerth and stephen labaton is mostly a useful summary of old news , but there is new ground broken : the grand jury evidence includes 1 ) a document found last summer in a briefcase in vince foster 's attic that impugns hillary clinton 's account of how she came to represent james mcdougal 's madison savings and loan , and 2 ) bill clinton 's testimony that after the [first] nyt articles on whitewater he sent an associate to see mcdougal : `` i might have asked him to , you know , talk to him and see if we could have no further damaging articles , but i do n't remember exactly what i said . ''

Mckinney sued his initial accuser for libel , asking $ 1.5 million .
mckinney sued his [first] accuser for libel , asking $ 1.5 million .

Hubris brought him down in the end ; but it is his initial success , not his eventual failure , that is the really disturbing part of the tale .
hubris brought him down in the end ; but it is his [first] success , not his eventual failure , that is the really disturbing part of the tale .

Rather than sell some of his copper at a loss , he chose to play double or nothing , trying to repeat his initial success by driving prices ever higher ; since a market corner is necessarily a sometime thing , his unwillingness to let go led to disaster .
rather than sell some of his copper at a loss , he chose to play double or nothing , trying to repeat his [first] success by driving prices ever higher ; since a market corner is necessarily a sometime thing , his unwillingness to let go led to disaster .

In either case I must incur initial losses that are , in effect , part of the price of entry into the market -- an add-on to the cost of developing a product in the first place .
in either case i must incur [first] losses that are , in effect , part of the price of entry into the market -- an add-on to the cost of developing a product in the first place .

Products and companies do go head-to-head in direct competition , but it is rare that the challenger stages an upset during the initial period of high growth .
products and companies do go head-to-head in direct competition , but it is rare that the challenger stages an upset during the [first] period of high growth .

The immediate causes are many : A disastrous acquisition drains cash reserves and defocuses management ; a crucial technology trend is ignored ; attempts to diversify beyond the initial product line stall .
the immediate causes are many : a disastrous acquisition drains cash reserves and defocuses management ; a crucial technology trend is ignored ; attempts to diversify beyond the [first] product line stall .

Most of the initial $ 2.4 billion , the paper reports , will be going to health care , but much will also be spent on completely unrelated areas , such as roads , jails , farm aid , schools , and senior centers .
most of the [first] $ 2.4 billion , the paper reports , will be going to health care , but much will also be spent on completely unrelated areas , such as roads , jails , farm aid , schools , and senior centers .

This reticence had rendered the government impotent since its initial meeting last July .
this reticence had rendered the government impotent since its [first] meeting last july .

Chatterbox posed the question to Lowell Bergman , the 60 Minutes producer ( played by Pacino in the film ) who fought CBS 's initial decision not to air the Wigand interview for fear of being sued .
chatterbox posed the question to lowell bergman , the 60 minutes producer ( played by pacino in the film ) who fought cbs 's [first] decision not to air the wigand interview for fear of being sued .

In discussing the situation in the streets , where a dusk-to-dawn curfew stayed in effect last night , all the papers report that the police now believe their initial handling of the situation was too permissive .
in discussing the situation in the streets , where a dusk-to-dawn curfew stayed in effect last night , all the papers report that the police now believe their [first] handling of the situation was too permissive .

It is at the point when the initial convictions were reversed , around 1990 , that Walsh seems to lose touch with his judiciousness , if not his deliberateness .
it is at the point when the [first] convictions were reversed , around 1990 , that walsh seems to lose touch with his judiciousness , if not his deliberateness .

As debate about the Holocaust unfolded , Bettelheim 's initial renown as a heroic witness gave way to cloudier repute as a blamer of victims .
as debate about the holocaust unfolded , bettelheim 's [first] renown as a heroic witness gave way to cloudier repute as a blamer of victims .

As I continued second-guessing my way through my initial encounter with the book , my next thought was that it must surely represent a perverse but fascinating phenomenon : a defense of Socialist Realism from the position of aesthetic conservatism .
as i continued second-guessing my way through my [first] encounter with the book , my next thought was that it must surely represent a perverse but fascinating phenomenon : a defense of socialist realism from the position of aesthetic conservatism .

Simple fairness should have suggested that Toobin at least hint strongly during his initial presentation of Kirkland 's tale that it was uncorroborated and would later prove a problem for Clinton 's lawyers .
simple fairness should have suggested that toobin at least hint strongly during his [first] presentation of kirkland 's tale that it was uncorroborated and would later prove a problem for clinton 's lawyers .

It seems as though the initial round of discussion between Larry and myself has produced a `` two cultures '' problem , which it is worth setting out briefly here .
it seems as though the [first] round of discussion between larry and myself has produced a `` two cultures '' problem , which it is worth setting out briefly here .

Commerce is bringing technologies to the Net that will reduce the initial liberties of the Net -- not because commerce is evil .
commerce is bringing technologies to the net that will reduce the [first] liberties of the net -- not because commerce is evil .

They have been slow to defend the principles of the initial architecture against the changes that commerce would impose on that architecture .
they have been slow to defend the principles of the [first] architecture against the changes that commerce would impose on that architecture .

The argument of my book is that we ought to pay attention to this constitution , and to the freedoms that this initial architecture gave us .
the argument of my book is that we ought to pay attention to this constitution , and to the freedoms that this [first] architecture gave us .

Given that AOL 's shares actually fell almost 4 percent today , the market 's initial answer is that it wo n't .
given that aol 's shares actually fell almost 4 percent today , the market 's [first] answer is that it wo n't .

What damaged the Los Angeles Times most after the initial revelations seeped out ( from an alternative weekly that did n't exist 20 years ago , it 's worth noting ) was the beating it took from other big media .
what damaged the los angeles times most after the [first] revelations seeped out ( from an alternative weekly that did n't exist 20 years ago , it 's worth noting ) was the beating it took from other big media .

This is the third part AWOL in this initial kickoff of a discussion .
this is the third part awol in this [first] kickoff of a discussion .

These new layers are being added not by the same libertarian sorts who gave us the initial version of the Internet .
these new layers are being added not by the same libertarian sorts who gave us the [first] version of the internet .

Still more about the market for initial public offerings , which , after a mild slump last fall , is booming again .
still more about the market for [first] public offerings , which , after a mild slump last fall , is booming again .

Eby 's initial trial stimulated seven other studies , and while three found zinc worked , four found it did not .
eby 's [first] trial stimulated seven other studies , and while three found zinc worked , four found it did not .

When the initial public offering was first announced , Hong Kong investors acted as if tickets to a Beatles reunion had gone on sale , lining up before dawn outside bank branches to procure the application forms needed to buy shares .
when the [first] public offering was first announced , hong kong investors acted as if tickets to a beatles reunion had gone on sale , lining up before dawn outside bank branches to procure the application forms needed to buy shares .

It takes a much smaller initial investment to make a new word-processing program than it does to build a car .
it takes a much smaller [first] investment to make a new word-processing program than it does to build a car .

The mechanics of it are simple : An investment bank that 's underwriting an initial public offering gives shares in that IPO to corporate executives at companies with which the investment bank is either doing business or would like to do business .
the mechanics of it are simple : an investment bank that 's underwriting an [first] public offering gives shares in that ipo to corporate executives at companies with which the investment bank is either doing business or would like to do business .

This October , Avis Rent A Car will be spun off by its parent company , personal services franchise giant HFS Inc. , in a $ 225-million initial public offering .
this october , avis rent a car will be spun off by its parent company , personal services franchise giant hfs inc. , in a $ 225-million [first] public offering .

NOW accuses PK of being too friendly with the bad boys of the religious right : media mogul James Dobson ( who gave PK its initial seed money and promotes it on his radio network ) , Pat Robertson ( who promotes PK on television ) , and Gary Bauer ( who heads the Dobson-backed Family Research Council ) .
now accuses pk of being too friendly with the bad boys of the religious right : media mogul james dobson ( who gave pk its [first] seed money and promotes it on his radio network ) , pat robertson ( who promotes pk on television ) , and gary bauer ( who heads the dobson-backed family research council ) .

Finally , and perhaps most importantly , the sharp expansion in the market for initial public offerings and secondary stock offerings has made it essential that brokerage houses have analysts who are well respected in their field .
finally , and perhaps most importantly , the sharp expansion in the market for [first] public offerings and secondary stock offerings has made it essential that brokerage houses have analysts who are well respected in their field .

Even the initial 20 anti-missiles slated for Alaska would violate this pact due to their nationwide coverage .
even the [first] 20 anti-missiles slated for alaska would violate this pact due to their nationwide coverage .

The Navy is building a new class of submarines , and it would be less expensive to include separate quarters for men and women in the initial construction than to make changes later , should women at some point be granted the vote .
the navy is building a new class of submarines , and it would be less expensive to include separate quarters for men and women in the [first] construction than to make changes later , should women at some point be granted the vote .

After some initial backing-and-forthing , in which Southwest made noises that sounded very much like the noises made by such airlines as Northwest when they do something wrong , Southwest came around and offered M. two $ 400 travel vouchers .
after some [first] backing-and-forthing , in which southwest made noises that sounded very much like the noises made by such airlines as northwest when they do something wrong , southwest came around and offered m. two $ 400 travel vouchers .

Your mother 's repeated manic initial response to a job , then making a mess of it , is legitimate cause for concern .
your mother 's repeated manic [first] response to a job , then making a mess of it , is legitimate cause for concern .

The campaign paid a few thousand dollars for the initial setup fee and $ 2,000 per tailored-state setup .
the campaign paid a few thousand dollars for the [first] setup fee and $ 2,000 per tailored-state setup .

That 's wrong , because you can ( if you wish ) buy a $ 10,000 Treasury bill that will bring all your interest payments right back to you -- thereby , in effect , taxing yourself to pay off the debt right away , and limiting your damage to the initial $ 10,000 .
that 's wrong , because you can ( if you wish ) buy a $ 10,000 treasury bill that will bring all your interest payments right back to you -- thereby , in effect , taxing yourself to pay off the debt right away , and limiting your damage to the [first] $ 10,000 .

If you juggle those initial assumptions a bit , you 'll get a number other than 150 percent coming out at the end , and you might or might not discover a scenario in which discrimination is plausible .
if you juggle those [first] assumptions a bit , you 'll get a number other than 150 percent coming out at the end , and you might or might not discover a scenario in which discrimination is plausible .

The matter , of course , is that the rows broken out by initial firm size tell only part of the story -- the happy part .
the matter , of course , is that the rows broken out by [first] firm size tell only part of the story -- the happy part .

Money from the initial sale would go into the new companies ' treasuries .
money from the [first] sale would go into the new companies ' treasuries .

The larger significance of the case : Defendants `` usually win the initial cases in such product liability law suits '' so that this loss `` could lead to thousands of new cases . ''
the larger significance of the case : defendants `` usually win the [first] cases in such product liability law suits '' so that this loss `` could lead to thousands of new cases . ''

Oversaturation has its perils , of course , but part of the thinking here is that the massive opening guarantees an impressive first weekend gross ( even if not necessarily an impressive per-screen performance ) and that it allows films with sketchy word of mouth to make a lot of money off the initial buzz .
oversaturation has its perils , of course , but part of the thinking here is that the massive opening guarantees an impressive first weekend gross ( even if not necessarily an impressive per-screen performance ) and that it allows films with sketchy word of mouth to make a lot of money off the [first] buzz .

The initial discussions were deemed `` rocky , '' with each side claiming that the other was not following the agenda .
the [first] discussions were deemed `` rocky , '' with each side claiming that the other was not following the agenda .

Simplicity is its initial appeal .
simplicity is its [first] appeal .

Though NATO rejected his initial offer , the latest proposals by Germany and U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan -- which would suspend the bombing in exchange for partial compliance with NATO 's demands and would put the United Nations , rather than NATO , in charge of settling the conflict -- suggest there will ultimately be a compromise .
though nato rejected his [first] offer , the latest proposals by germany and u.n. secretary-general kofi annan -- which would suspend the bombing in exchange for partial compliance with nato 's demands and would put the united nations , rather than nato , in charge of settling the conflict -- suggest there will ultimately be a compromise .

Still , that initial lukewarm response did n't surprise polling experts .
still , that [first] lukewarm response did n't surprise polling experts .

In the Somalia intervention , high initial public approval of the humanitarian aims had faded by 1993 as the public came to perceive that the United States had wandered into the middle of a long-running civil war .
in the somalia intervention , high [first] public approval of the humanitarian aims had faded by 1993 as the public came to perceive that the united states had wandered into the middle of a long-running civil war .

Declaring that his initial enthusiasm for the book constituted a `` real lapse '' in judgment , Kronman said he believes former clerks are bound to silence about the court 's nonpublic discussions and activities .
declaring that his [first] enthusiasm for the book constituted a `` real lapse '' in judgment , kronman said he believes former clerks are bound to silence about the court 's nonpublic discussions and activities .

In another British liberal paper , the Independent , France was condemned for its initial refusal , subsequently reversed , to accept any refugees , with reference to the `` similar attitude struck during the Bosnian war , '' and Germany was attacked for `` drastically reducing the numbers it had been expected to take . ''
in another british liberal paper , the independent , france was condemned for its [first] refusal , subsequently reversed , to accept any refugees , with reference to the `` similar attitude struck during the bosnian war , '' and germany was attacked for `` drastically reducing the numbers it had been expected to take . ''

President Clinton 's spin on the GOP 's initial vote against background checks : `` They passed up this chance to save lives . ''
president clinton 's spin on the gop 's [first] vote against background checks : `` they passed up this chance to save lives . ''

The cover editorial , `` A Bungled War , '' asserts that NATO should scrap its initial goals of establishing autonomy and democracy in Kosovo , and settle for a Bosnia-style peacekeeping force .
the cover editorial , `` a bungled war , '' asserts that nato should scrap its [first] goals of establishing autonomy and democracy in kosovo , and settle for a bosnia-style peacekeeping force .

The time it takes presidents to confirm nominees has soared in recent years : On average , it took Clinton more than eight and a half months to confirm his initial appointees , up from five months for Ronald Reagan and less than three for John Kennedy .
the time it takes presidents to confirm nominees has soared in recent years : on average , it took clinton more than eight and a half months to confirm his [first] appointees , up from five months for ronald reagan and less than three for john kennedy .

Isikoff reported both Steele 's initial story and Story No .
isikoff reported both steele 's [first] story and story no .

It could be that while he behaved politely , the initial lunch was not as charming as you thought .
it could be that while he behaved politely , the [first] lunch was not as charming as you thought .

The Washington Post added that even the Pentagon -- Loral 's initial accuser ! -- recommended approval .
the washington post added that even the pentagon -- loral 's [first] accuser ! -- recommended approval .

Other than what I wrote in the initial article , I have nothing to add to this debate .
other than what i wrote in the [first] article , i have nothing to add to this debate .

No , actually , IPO stands for initial public offering .
no , actually , ipo stands for [first] public offering .

Saturday , in his initial remarks about the bombing , Clinton expressed `` regret '' and `` condolences '' to China but never used the word `` apologize . ''
saturday , in his [first] remarks about the bombing , clinton expressed `` regret '' and `` condolences '' to china but never used the word `` apologize . ''

This is just to permit shedding a few initial pounds to provide motivation and hope , along with the feeling that one is able to achieve success .
this is just to permit shedding a few [first] pounds to provide motivation and hope , along with the feeling that one is able to achieve success .

Why does the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League get to drop an initial from its acronym ?
why does the national abortion and reproductive rights action league get to drop an [first] from its acronym ?

In the initial stages of dating , it is usual to assume that both parties are probably dating others .
in the [first] stages of dating , it is usual to assume that both parties are probably dating others .

Prudie thinks it would be wonderful to be seen by another swain and can not imagine why you would want to pretend to be otherwise dateless in what you describe as `` the initial stages of dating '' this new person .
prudie thinks it would be wonderful to be seen by another swain and can not imagine why you would want to pretend to be otherwise dateless in what you describe as `` the [first] stages of dating '' this new person .

About half of these survivors are brain-damaged , either by lack of oxygen ( from poor initial respiration ) or too much oxygen ( from the ventilator ) .
about half of these survivors are brain-damaged , either by lack of oxygen ( from poor [first] respiration ) or too much oxygen ( from the ventilator ) .

Yasser Arafat 's cult of personality guaranteed that nobody would challenge his initial un-elected rule of the PA .
yasser arafat 's cult of personality guaranteed that nobody would challenge his [first] un-elected rule of the pa .

Initial press reports dwelt on JonBenet 's career on the beauty-pageant circuit .
[first] press reports dwelt on jonbenet 's career on the beauty-pageant circuit .

Initial estimates of 400 soldiers exposed were increased to 20,000 , based on a CIA computer model of the gas cloud 's drift .
[first] estimates of 400 soldiers exposed were increased to 20,000 , based on a cia computer model of the gas cloud 's drift .

Our initial response was that we did n't wish to be used in that manner .
our [first] response was that we did n't wish to be used in that manner .

The language of the ad is pretested , and this initial argument will encounter little voter resistance .
the language of the ad is pretested , and this [first] argument will encounter little voter resistance .

Industry strategists knew that the ads were bound to be controversial ; the initial spots , therefore , are designed to slip the product into the commercial dialogue with minimal splash .
industry strategists knew that the ads were bound to be controversial ; the [first] spots , therefore , are designed to slip the product into the commercial dialogue with minimal splash .

The initial spin : Pushing to kill the bill was a big gamble for the tobacco companies , because they 'll now have to face suits from states and individuals .
the [first] spin : pushing to kill the bill was a big gamble for the tobacco companies , because they 'll now have to face suits from states and individuals .

The compressed time of air travel gives its language a focused , liturgical quality that oceanic travel has never had ( at least for passengers ) , from the initial welcome aboard to the cautionary homily to the ritual meal -- on more and more flights , a merely symbolic activity -- to the final `` Good-bye .
the compressed time of air travel gives its language a focused , liturgical quality that oceanic travel has never had ( at least for passengers ) , from the [first] welcome aboard to the cautionary homily to the ritual meal -- on more and more flights , a merely symbolic activity -- to the final `` good-bye .

There are telltale characteristics , widely if not universally present : the replacement of an initial `` th '' with a `` d '' sound ( `` dis , '' `` dem '' ) and of a medial or final `` th '' by an `` f '' or other consonant sound ( `` with '' becomes `` wif , '' `` brother '' becomes `` bruvah '' ) ; a reduction of consonant clusters in general ( so that `` first '' becomes `` firs '' and `` hand '' becomes `` han '' ) ; the replacement of a final `` r '' sound with a vowel sound ( `` summah '' for `` summer '' and `` mo '' for `` more '' ) ; the prevalence of so-called plosive consonants ( making a word such as `` bill '' sound more like `` beel '' ) ; the placement of stress on a first , rather than a second , syllable ( `` DEE-troit '' ) ; the disappearance of the final `` s '' from third-person singular verbs ( `` what go 'round , come 'round '' ) ; the dropping of the copula ( `` I here , '' `` the coffee cold '' ) and of certain tense inflections altogether .
there are telltale characteristics , widely if not universally present : the replacement of an [first] `` th '' with a `` d '' sound ( `` dis , '' `` dem '' ) and of a medial or final `` th '' by an `` f '' or other consonant sound ( `` with '' becomes `` wif , '' `` brother '' becomes `` bruvah '' ) ; a reduction of consonant clusters in general ( so that `` first '' becomes `` firs '' and `` hand '' becomes `` han '' ) ; the replacement of a final `` r '' sound with a vowel sound ( `` summah '' for `` summer '' and `` mo '' for `` more '' ) ; the prevalence of so-called plosive consonants ( making a word such as `` bill '' sound more like `` beel '' ) ; the placement of stress on a first , rather than a second , syllable ( `` dee-troit '' ) ; the disappearance of the final `` s '' from third-person singular verbs ( `` what go 'round , come 'round '' ) ; the dropping of the copula ( `` i here , '' `` the coffee cold '' ) and of certain tense inflections altogether .

The initial mandates apply only to newly drafted documents and regulations -- that is , to materials promulgated on or after Oct. 1 , 1998 , and Jan. 1 , 1999 .
the [first] mandates apply only to newly drafted documents and regulations -- that is , to materials promulgated on or after oct. 1 , 1998 , and jan. 1 , 1999 .

The bank 's initial reaction had been to investigate the watchman , Christoph Meili , for violating Swiss banking secrecy rules .
the bank 's [first] reaction had been to investigate the watchman , christoph meili , for violating swiss banking secrecy rules .

They will do it when they have to , which is why , in its initial follow-up story to the Times scoop two days ago , the Post did cite the Times .
they will do it when they have to , which is why , in its [first] follow-up story to the times scoop two days ago , the post did cite the times .

The LAT has the news that the engineers were able to solve Pathfinder 's initial problems in part because they had , before the landing , replicated them in a 30-by-50-foot sandbox .
the lat has the news that the engineers were able to solve pathfinder 's [first] problems in part because they had , before the landing , replicated them in a 30-by-50-foot sandbox .

The LAT is also above the fold with the news that , despite initial reservations , President Clinton has decided to support a Senate proposal that would raise Medicare premiums for people making more than $ 50,000 .
the lat is also above the fold with the news that , despite [first] reservations , president clinton has decided to support a senate proposal that would raise medicare premiums for people making more than $ 50,000 .

Still , the Journal editorial page should have mentioned the potential grudge -- if not in its initial story then in one of the two follow-ups that have appeared since -- just as the Washington Post , the New York Times , and NBC News did in their more responsible coverage .
still , the journal editorial page should have mentioned the potential grudge -- if not in its [first] story then in one of the two follow-ups that have appeared since -- just as the washington post , the new york times , and nbc news did in their more responsible coverage .

Yesterday 's WP revealed that more than $ 120,000 of the money Al Gore raised in those phone calls from his White House office ended up in an account for `` hard money '' subject to federal election laws , and today 's Post leads with the news that this has prompted Janet Reno to authorize the initial stages of an investigation into Gore 's fund-raising that could result in a special prosecutor being named in the matter .
yesterday 's wp revealed that more than $ 120,000 of the money al gore raised in those phone calls from his white house office ended up in an account for `` hard money '' subject to federal election laws , and today 's post leads with the news that this has prompted janet reno to authorize the [first] stages of an investigation into gore 's fund-raising that could result in a special prosecutor being named in the matter .

On that one too , there was great initial enthusiasm , followed by earnest pronouncements that more time was needed , followed by a slow legislative death .
on that one too , there was great [first] enthusiasm , followed by earnest pronouncements that more time was needed , followed by a slow legislative death .

Here 's how it works : Publications that refuse to acknowledge ( even if to refute the importance of ) highly significant but inconvenient facts in their news or opinion coverage of controversial events will score one point for the initial offense .
here 's how it works : publications that refuse to acknowledge ( even if to refute the importance of ) highly significant but inconvenient facts in their news or opinion coverage of controversial events will score one point for the [first] offense .

The Journal editorial page gets one point for failing to note the pardon in its initial Op-Ed by Dorothy Rabinowitz on Feb. 19 .
the journal editorial page gets one point for failing to note the pardon in its [first] op-ed by dorothy rabinowitz on feb. 19 .

Because it has published three times since the initial omission , it scores an additional three points .
because it has published three times since the [first] omission , it scores an additional three points .

By that time , the employee is long gone , lost to some little start-up about to have an initial public offering .
by that time , the employee is long gone , lost to some little start-up about to have an [first] public offering .

To the book 's initial audience of Ivy Leaguers , this idea seemed valid on its face .
to the book 's [first] audience of ivy leaguers , this idea seemed valid on its face .

Then he paints a scene in which committee chairman Jim Saxton , R-N.J. , interrupts Reich 's initial testimony and lights into him savagely , starting with , `` Where did you learn economics , Mr .
then he paints a scene in which committee chairman jim saxton , r-n.j. , interrupts reich 's [first] testimony and lights into him savagely , starting with , `` where did you learn economics , mr .

Most economists do agree that the Consumer Price Index significantly overstates inflation , and the system currently adjusts retirees ' initial benefits for real economic growth as well as for inflation .
most economists do agree that the consumer price index significantly overstates inflation , and the system currently adjusts retirees ' [first] benefits for real economic growth as well as for inflation .

Initial small advantages become magnified , for example , by creating a large installed base , and direct the future , possibly in an inefficient direction .
[first] small advantages become magnified , for example , by creating a large installed base , and direct the future , possibly in an inefficient direction .

When Beijing Enterprises , a company with nothing to show but its connection as the investment arm of the Beijing mayor 's office , made an initial public offering in Hong Kong last week , there were almost 1,300 applications for each available share .
when beijing enterprises , a company with nothing to show but its connection as the investment arm of the beijing mayor 's office , made an [first] public offering in hong kong last week , there were almost 1,300 applications for each available share .

The deal , in short : Both sides will present their cases beginning next week , but the contentious decision over whether to call witnesses has merely been postponed until after the initial arguments .
the deal , in short : both sides will present their cases beginning next week , but the contentious decision over whether to call witnesses has merely been postponed until after the [first] arguments .

One of the annoying tics of newspaper coverage of jury awards is the tendency to not cover the final money judgement with the same vigor as the initial sum .
one of the annoying tics of newspaper coverage of jury awards is the tendency to not cover the final money judgement with the same vigor as the [first] sum .

She was among the first Democrats to openly condemn the President 's conduct and she has nudged the censure option along from initial ostracism to near-popularity .
she was among the first democrats to openly condemn the president 's conduct and she has nudged the censure option along from [first] ostracism to near-popularity .

The New York Times leads with initial government data showing that most states are in compliance with the 1996 welfare reform requirement that 25 percent of recipients hold jobs or actively prepare to do so .
the new york times leads with [first] government data showing that most states are in compliance with the 1996 welfare reform requirement that 25 percent of recipients hold jobs or actively prepare to do so .

The Times itself is oddly silent about some relevant context though , never noting that the sort of speculative psychological explanation indulged in here by the Air Force is strikingly similar to that wielded by the Navy when , in its initial official report on the disastrous gunnery explosion aboard the Iowa , it posited a crewmember 's gay-tinged suicide .
the times itself is oddly silent about some relevant context though , never noting that the sort of speculative psychological explanation indulged in here by the air force is strikingly similar to that wielded by the navy when , in its [first] official report on the disastrous gunnery explosion aboard the iowa , it posited a crewmember 's gay-tinged suicide .

The New York Times , Los Angeles Times and Washington Post each lead with the initial brief filings in the impeachment trial .
the new york times , los angeles times and washington post each lead with the [first] brief filings in the impeachment trial .

The papers also report that the White House has indicated it will probably file such motions if the Senate chooses to allow the calling of witnesses after the initial presentations by the House managers and the White House defense counsel .
the papers also report that the white house has indicated it will probably file such motions if the senate chooses to allow the calling of witnesses after the [first] presentations by the house managers and the white house defense counsel .

Reno has , explains the paper , reviewed the issue ad issue at least three times before , but each time stopped after an initial 30-day review .
reno has , explains the paper , reviewed the issue ad issue at least three times before , but each time stopped after an [first] 30-day review .

The initial sentences suggest a fast-growing plague : Blacks `` now account for 57 % of all new infections '' with HIV ; AIDS is `` the leading cause of death among black people aged 25 to 44 '' ; and AIDS `` is becoming largely an epidemic among black people . ''
the [first] sentences suggest a fast-growing plague : blacks `` now account for 57 % of all new infections '' with hiv ; aids is `` the leading cause of death among black people aged 25 to 44 '' ; and aids `` is becoming largely an epidemic among black people . ''

Chernomyrdin 's initial public comments , says the paper , harks back to Soviet times , with his suggestion of more government support for ailing industries .
chernomyrdin 's [first] public comments , says the paper , harks back to soviet times , with his suggestion of more government support for ailing industries .

The LAT sees a `` composed '' chief executive offering `` new insights '' into his version of events , while USAT stresses that the initial reaction of the public and Congress prompted by the tape suggested that Clinton 's risk of impeachment was not thereby increased .
the lat sees a `` composed '' chief executive offering `` new insights '' into his version of events , while usat stresses that the [first] reaction of the public and congress prompted by the tape suggested that clinton 's risk of impeachment was not thereby increased .

The heavy costs to the balance sheet and the problems of culture clash can lead to a feeling of depression and disappointment after the initial euphoria .
the heavy costs to the balance sheet and the problems of culture clash can lead to a feeling of depression and disappointment after the [first] euphoria .

These evidently possessed whatever qualities of viability are required for an item to survive in at least written English once it has experienced adequate quantity and variety of printed occurrence to justify initial listing in the first place .
these evidently possessed whatever qualities of viability are required for an item to survive in at least written english once it has experienced adequate quantity and variety of printed occurrence to justify [first] listing in the first place .

The hw beginning accounted for a slew of words , many of which ( such as which ) have survived , but with the two initial letters transposed .
the hw beginning accounted for a slew of words , many of which ( such as which ) have survived , but with the two [first] letters transposed .

As another example , the word umidus has no historical right to its initial h but sports it anyway .
as another example , the word umidus has no historical right to its [first] h but sports it anyway .

H in the initial position has long been the more nagging nuisance .
h in the [first] position has long been the more nagging nuisance .

Neither hermit nor hostage began life with an initial h .
neither hermit nor hostage began life with an [first] h .

If students are slipping structural cogs , we need a common language to communicate these problems : “ John , you should use the possessive form before the gerund ” , “ Mary , try combining these two sentences by using an appositive. ” ; “ George , your sentences are repetitious ; try varying your sentence openings with introductory adverbs , phrases , or clauses. ” Ultimately , though , our initial and primary assumption is that , in the words of structuralist Paul Roberts , “ the best reason for studying grammar is that grammer is interesting. ” Grammar may not be glamorous in any glittery Hollywood sense , but grammar can be very interesting , even enchanting .
if students are slipping structural cogs , we need a common language to communicate these problems : “ john , you should use the possessive form before the gerund ” , “ mary , try combining these two sentences by using an appositive. ” ; “ george , your sentences are repetitious ; try varying your sentence openings with introductory adverbs , phrases , or clauses. ” ultimately , though , our [first] and primary assumption is that , in the words of structuralist paul roberts , “ the best reason for studying grammar is that grammer is interesting. ” grammar may not be glamorous in any glittery hollywood sense , but grammar can be very interesting , even enchanting .

The leaders of is a flag intended to draw the solvers ' attention to the initial letters of the words following it , where the answer lies for the taking .
the leaders of is a flag intended to draw the solvers ' attention to the [first] letters of the words following it , where the answer lies for the taking .

This was a confusing half measure , however ; the initial ch remained as in the French spelling , representing a Russian letter borrowed from the Hebrew alphabet for the sound represented in English by sh .
this was a confusing half measure , however ; the [first] ch remained as in the french spelling , representing a russian letter borrowed from the hebrew alphabet for the sound represented in english by sh .

A funny thing or two happened in the pronunciation key : the distinction is made between r as the symbol for the initial sound in rim and rr for the medial sound in marry .
a funny thing or two happened in the pronunciation key : the distinction is made between r as the symbol for the [first] sound in rim and rr for the medial sound in marry .

The change from numble pie to umble pie to humble pie , attributed to “ some anonymous punster in the time of William the Conqueror , ” was actually due to the same influences that changed a napron to an apron in the first instance and to the characteristic weakening of the initial h in English , heard today in an historical , an hilarious , etc .
the change from numble pie to umble pie to humble pie , attributed to “ some anonymous punster in the time of william the conqueror , ” was actually due to the same influences that changed a napron to an apron in the first instance and to the characteristic weakening of the [first] h in english , heard today in an historical , an hilarious , etc .

The first part of its name is in fact directly related to that of the cock , as the initial cuck - of its call corresponds to the farmyard bird 's cluck .
the first part of its name is in fact directly related to that of the cock , as the [first] cuck - of its call corresponds to the farmyard bird 's cluck .

Present subscribers might be surprised to learn that the initial rate for a year 's subscription was $ 2.50 and that copies were sent out via first-class mail .
present subscribers might be surprised to learn that the [first] rate for a year 's subscription was $ 2.50 and that copies were sent out via first-class mail .

With the initial riffle through the pages of The F Word , noting the different typefaces that designate parts of speech , definition , date of origin , source , examples , it becomes evident that this word is the great workhorse , an old familiar in The Life , and indeed deserving .
with the [first] riffle through the pages of the f word , noting the different typefaces that designate parts of speech , definition , date of origin , source , examples , it becomes evident that this word is the great workhorse , an old familiar in the life , and indeed deserving .

The words Jane , Italy , and February are three examples of what we usually refer to as proper nouns -- those individual nouns that refer primarily to people , places , and time periods and that are generally written with an initial capital letter , Such words can also be termed proper names or proper nouns , though these more general terms may also include titles ( The Times , Gone With The Wind ) , nationalities ( the Japanese , Russians ) , ethnic or religious groups ( Arabs , Jews ) , languages ( English , Swahili ) , buildings ( the Central Station , Durham Cathedral ) , and organizations ( OPEC , the United Nations ) .
the words jane , italy , and february are three examples of what we usually refer to as proper nouns -- those individual nouns that refer primarily to people , places , and time periods and that are generally written with an [first] capital letter , such words can also be termed proper names or proper nouns , though these more general terms may also include titles ( the times , gone with the wind ) , nationalities ( the japanese , russians ) , ethnic or religious groups ( arabs , jews ) , languages ( english , swahili ) , buildings ( the central station , durham cathedral ) , and organizations ( opec , the united nations ) .

Proper adjectives , we are told , generally derive from proper names and are also usually written with an initial capital letter .
proper adjectives , we are told , generally derive from proper names and are also usually written with an [first] capital letter .

The OED states quite dogmatically that a proper noun is written with an initial capital letter .
the oed states quite dogmatically that a proper noun is written with an [first] capital letter .

Once again , as far as these verbs are concerned , the answer would seem to lie in the lack of an initial capital letter and the fact that they refer to something very much removed from the naine itself .
once again , as far as these verbs are concerned , the answer would seem to lie in the lack of an [first] capital letter and the fact that they refer to something very much removed from the naine itself .

What is an “ invited sexual advance ? ” If A invites B to make a sexual advance , then A has made an “ uninvited sexual advance ” : any initial step is ` uninvited ' by definition .
what is an “ invited sexual advance ? ” if a invites b to make a sexual advance , then a has made an “ uninvited sexual advance ” : any [first] step is ` uninvited ' by definition .

Unless I have missed a range of expressions , the conclusion one can draw from the above is that the language we use to describe the initial attempts to establish sexual relations is either puritanical , or hostile , or frivolous , or ambiguous , hardly the range one would expect in an open , sexually healthy , egalitarian society .
unless i have missed a range of expressions , the conclusion one can draw from the above is that the language we use to describe the [first] attempts to establish sexual relations is either puritanical , or hostile , or frivolous , or ambiguous , hardly the range one would expect in an open , sexually healthy , egalitarian society .

Those interested in the magic of onomasiology might note the following full names with the initial letter J and the terminal letter y seemed destined for fame and infamy :
those interested in the magic of onomasiology might note the following full names with the [first] letter j and the terminal letter y seemed destined for fame and infamy :

Then there 's pseudonym , ( false name ) , eponym ( named for a person , e.g. , sandwich after Lord Sandwich ) , and acronym ( formed from the initial letters or syllables of a group of words , e.g. , snafu meaning Situation Normal ; All Fouled Up or laser meaning Light Amplification Stimulated Emissions Radiation ) .
then there 's pseudonym , ( false name ) , eponym ( named for a person , e.g. , sandwich after lord sandwich ) , and acronym ( formed from the [first] letters or syllables of a group of words , e.g. , snafu meaning situation normal ; all fouled up or laser meaning light amplification stimulated emissions radiation ) .

Yes , if we accept a definition that includes the initial letters .
yes , if we accept a definition that includes the [first] letters .

Northern Italian Licciardos can feel at home with all the other Rizzardos , Riccardinis , and Ciardos -- they are just Ricciardos ( Richard ' ) whose initial R has been transformed by dialect to L. Southern Licciardos , however , have to make do with the company of Rotundos , Grassos , and Faucis ( fauci gullet ) : their surname comes from the French dialect word lichard glutton .
northern italian licciardos can feel at home with all the other rizzardos , riccardinis , and ciardos -- they are just ricciardos ( richard ' ) whose [first] r has been transformed by dialect to l. southern licciardos , however , have to make do with the company of rotundos , grassos , and faucis ( fauci gullet ) : their surname comes from the french dialect word lichard glutton .

Phonetically , Volk ... which has an initial f-sound seemed too removed from vag ... to apply .
phonetically , volk ... which has an [first] f-sound seemed too removed from vag ... to apply .

To the initial contact from the flight , Leaving two two zero for two zero zero , the new Center responded , Were you cleared to two zero zero ?
to the [first] contact from the flight , leaving two two zero for two zero zero , the new center responded , were you cleared to two zero zero ?

The OED incorrectly attributes the initial use of dementia to Philippe Pinel in 1806 : the word was first used in an English text in 1592 by Richard Cosin , Member of Parliament , in defense of the hanging of a conspirator against the monarchy .
the oed incorrectly attributes the [first] use of dementia to philippe pinel in 1806 : the word was first used in an english text in 1592 by richard cosin , member of parliament , in defense of the hanging of a conspirator against the monarchy .

The hand-held scanner I have used is very tricky and sensitive , and , as the Writer 's Guide admonishes , creates as many problems as it solves ; but I am going to pursue the subject nonetheless , hoping that a useful balance might be struck in which less time is spent correcting than in initial keyboarding plus correcting .
the hand-held scanner i have used is very tricky and sensitive , and , as the writer 's guide admonishes , creates as many problems as it solves ; but i am going to pursue the subject nonetheless , hoping that a useful balance might be struck in which less time is spent correcting than in [first] keyboarding plus correcting .

Their techniques of encryption may be divided into : reduction coding , which minimizes data to be stored ( e.g. , acronyms : reducing words to single letters ) ; and elaboration coding , which strengthens weakly linked memory structures by adding material ( e.g. , rhymes , and epi-acronyms : in which initial letters of words in phrases are the code ) .
their techniques of encryption may be divided into : reduction coding , which minimizes data to be stored ( e.g. , acronyms : reducing words to single letters ) ; and elaboration coding , which strengthens weakly linked memory structures by adding material ( e.g. , rhymes , and epi-acronyms : in which [first] letters of words in phrases are the code ) .

The initial deception is no less real , and it is precisely this that fascinates .
the [first] deception is no less real , and it is precisely this that fascinates .

Nonetheless , the initial trompe l'oeil is there .
nonetheless , the [first] trompe l'oeil is there .

These evidently possessed whatever qualities of viability are required for an item to survive in at least written English once it has experienced adequate quantity and variety of printed occurrence to justify initial listing in the first place .
these evidently possessed whatever qualities of viability are required for an item to survive in at least written english once it has experienced adequate quantity and variety of printed occurrence to justify [first] listing in the first place .

Similarly , initial b or p can give Chinese m , so that Peru ( with Western r as well ) is milŭ and Bangkok màngŭ .
similarly , [first] b or p can give chinese m , so that peru ( with western r as well ) is milŭ and bangkok màngŭ .

Bob for Robert seems to have been created by phonological assimilation , the final b attracting an initial b , but Richard and Roger have no corresponding nicknames * Bick and * Bodgee .
bob for robert seems to have been created by phonological assimilation , the final b attracting an [first] b , but richard and roger have no corresponding nicknames * bick and * bodgee .

Hebrew shuns initial v , f , kh , and final b , p , k .
hebrew shuns [first] v , f , kh , and final b , p , k .

In Cockney English , for example , where initial h is regularly dropped there is a tendency to compensate by supplying initial h where it does not belong .
in cockney english , for example , where [first] h is regularly dropped there is a tendency to compensate by supplying [first] h where it does not belong .

During the 1988 presidential campaign both candidates , reading from prepared notes , made interesting slips of the eye : Governor Dukakis spoke of equipping aircraft carriers with modern “ musicians ” [ munitions ] , and Vice President Bush said : “ I hope I stand for anti-bigotry , anti-Semitism , antiracism. ” These slips were essentially due to the similarity of the initial letters or part of the word , like the typographical errors of similarity or familiarity cited above , but probably also due to the immense fatigue and exhaustion brought on by a presidential campaign .
during the 1988 presidential campaign both candidates , reading from prepared notes , made interesting slips of the eye : governor dukakis spoke of equipping aircraft carriers with modern “ musicians ” [ munitions ] , and vice president bush said : “ i hope i stand for anti-bigotry , anti-semitism , antiracism. ” these slips were essentially due to the similarity of the [first] letters or part of the word , like the typographical errors of similarity or familiarity cited above , but probably also due to the immense fatigue and exhaustion brought on by a presidential campaign .

He adds : “ The initial T- disappeared from the 14th century due to confusion with the preposition at . ”
he adds : “ the [first] t- disappeared from the 14th century due to confusion with the preposition at . ”

Separate articles could have dealt with the meaning of elements like throp and such matters as the loss of initial letters , owing to confusion of preposition and name .
separate articles could have dealt with the meaning of elements like throp and such matters as the loss of [first] letters , owing to confusion of preposition and name .

