) Lumumba further complicated the U.N.'s mission by initiating small `` wars '' with the secessionist province of Katanga and with South Kasai which , under Albert Kalonji , wanted to secede as well .
) lumumba further complicated the u.n.'s mission by [beginning/starting] small `` wars '' with the secessionist province of katanga and with south kasai which , under albert kalonji , wanted to secede as well .

Initiating a program to control dwarf mistletoe on several hundred thousand acres of selected better stands of young softwood sawtimber on better growing sites .
[beginning/starting] a program to control dwarf mistletoe on several hundred thousand acres of selected better stands of young softwood sawtimber on better growing sites .

We are initiating research on the use of solid state materials for infrared detection using a method which will not require cooling of materials to attain high sensitivity .
we are [beginning/starting] research on the use of solid state materials for infrared detection using a method which will not require cooling of materials to attain high sensitivity .

In view of the important role which emotional disturbances play in the genesis of neurotic and psychotic disorders and the parallelism observed between autonomic states and psychological behavior in several instances , it is further suggested that a hypothalamic imbalance may play an important role in initiating mental changes .
in view of the important role which emotional disturbances play in the genesis of neurotic and psychotic disorders and the parallelism observed between autonomic states and psychological behavior in several instances , it is further suggested that a hypothalamic imbalance may play an important role in [beginning/starting] mental changes .

In the above example it is the Bank of England initiating the base rate change .
in the above example it is the bank of england [beginning/starting] the base rate change .

In 1968 that initiating role was played largely by the Renault and Sud-Aviation plants .
in 1968 that [beginning/starting] role was played largely by the renault and sud-aviation plants .

The council initiating the scheme says it 's important for residents to have someone who is n't official to talk to .
the council [beginning/starting] the scheme says it 's important for residents to have someone who is n't official to talk to .

The Conservative government has been sympathetic to these concerns and has launched a fierce rhetorical offensive against social liberalism , initiating or supporting measures designed to police the moral boundaries .
the conservative government has been sympathetic to these concerns and has launched a fierce rhetorical offensive against social liberalism , [beginning/starting] or supporting measures designed to police the moral boundaries .

The reality is of course very different , and although more initiatives are being introduced , much at present depends on the individual nurse 's attitude towards continuing her education , and on her initiating the process for herself .
the reality is of course very different , and although more initiatives are being introduced , much at present depends on the individual nurse 's attitude towards continuing her education , and on her [beginning/starting] the process for herself .

Stan tried to avoid causing trouble , but sometimes he was n't aware that he had posed a challenge to Ollie , and a single initiating gesture would cause trouble .
stan tried to avoid causing trouble , but sometimes he was n't aware that he had posed a challenge to ollie , and a single [beginning/starting] gesture would cause trouble .

Initiating things
[beginning/starting] things

It is something other , independent , with a dynamic quality of its own , and an initiating activity .
it is something other , independent , with a dynamic quality of its own , and an [beginning/starting] activity .

The fly in effect assumes that the size and velocity of the target are always those corresponding to hoverflies , and on this rigid ( and fallible ) basis the creature determines its angle of turn , when initiating its flight , according to the variable approach angle subtended by the target .
the fly in effect assumes that the size and velocity of the target are always those corresponding to hoverflies , and on this rigid ( and fallible ) basis the creature determines its angle of turn , when [beginning/starting] its flight , according to the variable approach angle subtended by the target .

Hu Yaobang , General Secretary of the Communist Party , and Premier Zhao Ziyang were known to be enthusiastic about pressing ahead with further restructuring of the economy and initiating change in other areas of Chinese society .
hu yaobang , general secretary of the communist party , and premier zhao ziyang were known to be enthusiastic about pressing ahead with further restructuring of the economy and [beginning/starting] change in other areas of chinese society .

The way forward needs better detailed understanding of the ‘ sticking ’ — the unwanted occasions where the muon attaches to the produced helium instead of initiating further fusions .
the way forward needs better detailed understanding of the ‘ sticking ’ — the unwanted occasions where the muon attaches to the produced helium instead of [beginning/starting] further fusions .

Sacred to the Aboriginals of the Kimberleys , the images are revered as awesome beings who in primeval times wandered around the landscape , instructing the indigenous people in the use of weapons and tools and initiating tribal laws , rites and customs , and after completing their task they disappeared into the heavens or into the ground .
sacred to the aboriginals of the kimberleys , the images are revered as awesome beings who in primeval times wandered around the landscape , instructing the indigenous people in the use of weapons and tools and [beginning/starting] tribal laws , rites and customs , and after completing their task they disappeared into the heavens or into the ground .

Many primary tumours also respond to such drugs by initiating apoptosis and , because myc gene activation is so widespread in human tumours , we have suggested that this is also c-Myc-induced .
many primary tumours also respond to such drugs by [beginning/starting] apoptosis and , because myc gene activation is so widespread in human tumours , we have suggested that this is also c-myc-induced .

The professional role has been minimal , and , where it has been relevant has been facilitative rather than directive or initiating .
the professional role has been minimal , and , where it has been relevant has been facilitative rather than directive or [beginning/starting] .

Later , talking to his teacher after a year and two terms at Cedars , it seemed that Balbinder 's conversational language was developing well ; he could hold his own in a small group often initiating topics of interest , describing , explaining and enquiring .
later , talking to his teacher after a year and two terms at cedars , it seemed that balbinder 's conversational language was developing well ; he could hold his own in a small group often [beginning/starting] topics of interest , describing , explaining and enquiring .

In the absence of such a policy , the society had sought to merge with at least eight institutions — universities , museums and libraries — before initiating talks with the New York Public Library .
in the absence of such a policy , the society had sought to merge with at least eight institutions — universities , museums and libraries — before [beginning/starting] talks with the new york public library .

In short , the Treaty of Rome created a body , the Commission , that would have the responsibility of initiating policies and of implementing those already agreed upon .
in short , the treaty of rome created a body , the commission , that would have the responsibility of [beginning/starting] policies and of implementing those already agreed upon .

At present even those authorities who support the concept of advocacy tend to wait to be approached by a local voluntary group before initiating a project .
at present even those authorities who support the concept of advocacy tend to wait to be approached by a local voluntary group before [beginning/starting] a project .

They should perhaps look to take a more active role in initiating advocacy projects by funding development work with local users and with agencies such as the Citizens ' Advice Bureau which have developed expertise in this area .
they should perhaps look to take a more active role in [beginning/starting] advocacy projects by funding development work with local users and with agencies such as the citizens ' advice bureau which have developed expertise in this area .

In many markets , however , the identity of the firm initiating a price change may vary over time , possibly to avoid the impression that there is a price leader , or to spread more equitably the unpopularity of being the first firm to raise prices .
in many markets , however , the identity of the firm [beginning/starting] a price change may vary over time , possibly to avoid the impression that there is a price leader , or to spread more equitably the unpopularity of being the first firm to raise prices .

It is argued here that the public sector has a crucial part to play in initiating the first moves back to full employment .
it is argued here that the public sector has a crucial part to play in [beginning/starting] the first moves back to full employment .

Credit unions , while initiating from the wish of people to have greater control over their own affairs , do not come into existence spontaneously .
credit unions , while [beginning/starting] from the wish of people to have greater control over their own affairs , do not come into existence spontaneously .

Decisions of either the Council of Ministers or the European Commission are merely a means of enunciating policies or initiating actions .
decisions of either the council of ministers or the european commission are merely a means of enunciating policies or [beginning/starting] actions .

This perspective is here distilled out of the similarities between two major studies of consumption , one of which may almost be credited with initiating such studies , while the other provides the most extensive contemporary survey .
this perspective is here distilled out of the similarities between two major studies of consumption , one of which may almost be credited with [beginning/starting] such studies , while the other provides the most extensive contemporary survey .

The auditors ' role is to direct the attention of those responsible for devising and initiating policy .
the auditors ' role is to direct the attention of those responsible for devising and [beginning/starting] policy .

As before many recognised the importance of the document in initiating debate on the curriculum .
as before many recognised the importance of the document in [beginning/starting] debate on the curriculum .

It may arise because a space has been reserved for an , as yet , undefined component or because the person initiating the search has no authority to see the information contained within that domain .
it may arise because a space has been reserved for an , as yet , undefined component or because the person [beginning/starting] the search has no authority to see the information contained within that domain .

We had difficulty in breathing , our hair stood on end , and the tape-recorder and camera electronics began initiating a synch-pulse all their own , transforming our voices into a sort of demonic rasping .
we had difficulty in breathing , our hair stood on end , and the tape-recorder and camera electronics began [beginning/starting] a synch-pulse all their own , transforming our voices into a sort of demonic rasping .

Only then was his black cat ( a participant in many of the rites ) ceremonially informed of his death , and his body reorientated towards the south-west — the `` land of souls `` — initiating a whole symphony of rituals which only now were coming to a head .
only then was his black cat ( a participant in many of the rites ) ceremonially informed of his death , and his body reorientated towards the south-west — the `` land of souls `` — [beginning/starting] a whole symphony of rituals which only now were coming to a head .

Since the state was largely responsible for initiating and paying for mass education , it was able to establish greater control over teachers .
since the state was largely responsible for [beginning/starting] and paying for mass education , it was able to establish greater control over teachers .

Fetal trisomy with subsequent selective chromosome loss has already been demonstrated to have significant effects on fetal well-being , and may be the initiating step in the development of disorders associated with uniparental disomy .
fetal trisomy with subsequent selective chromosome loss has already been demonstrated to have significant effects on fetal well-being , and may be the [beginning/starting] step in the development of disorders associated with uniparental disomy .

Algorithms detect most high risk patients , both young and old , and risk factor stratification shows that in about a third of them there is a likely or predominant initiating mechanism that is amenable to specific treatment — for example , paroxysmal atrial fibrillation with amiodarone ; an accessory pathway with ablation ; a gradient with β blockers , calcium antagonists , or myectomy ; conduction disease with a pacemaker ; refractory sustained ventricular arrhythmias with an implantable cardioverter defibrillator ; and relative ischaemia in the presence of normal coronary vessels with nitrates and calcium antagonists .
algorithms detect most high risk patients , both young and old , and risk factor stratification shows that in about a third of them there is a likely or predominant [beginning/starting] mechanism that is amenable to specific treatment — for example , paroxysmal atrial fibrillation with amiodarone ; an accessory pathway with ablation ; a gradient with β blockers , calcium antagonists , or myectomy ; conduction disease with a pacemaker ; refractory sustained ventricular arrhythmias with an implantable cardioverter defibrillator ; and relative ischaemia in the presence of normal coronary vessels with nitrates and calcium antagonists .

Randomised trials of effective treatment may not be feasible in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy as numbers of patients are small , event rates are low , and multiple initiating mechanisms requiring different treatments may be operating .
randomised trials of effective treatment may not be feasible in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy as numbers of patients are small , event rates are low , and multiple [beginning/starting] mechanisms requiring different treatments may be operating .

By suggesting or initiating such activities , the teacher legitimates collaboration in the children 's eyes .
by suggesting or [beginning/starting] such activities , the teacher legitimates collaboration in the children 's eyes .

The evidence of this study indicates that while simplicity in initiating proceedings , informality in surroundings , and procedural flexibility are valuable qualities worthy of preservation , they should not be used as a justification for denying the contribution that representation makes to tribunal decision-making processes , nor the need of appellants to have cases advocated on their behalf .
the evidence of this study indicates that while simplicity in [beginning/starting] proceedings , informality in surroundings , and procedural flexibility are valuable qualities worthy of preservation , they should not be used as a justification for denying the contribution that representation makes to tribunal decision-making processes , nor the need of appellants to have cases advocated on their behalf .

And at least he could rely on Freeborn to answer it without initiating a philosophical discussion about the basis of the self .
and at least he could rely on freeborn to answer it without [beginning/starting] a philosophical discussion about the basis of the self .

The Ohio Studies — a two-dimensional approach based on Consideration and Initiating Structure
the ohio studies — a two-dimensional approach based on consideration and [beginning/starting] structure

Here there was less social distance between head and staff , though the head accepted the main responsibility for initiating and leading .
here there was less social distance between head and staff , though the head accepted the main responsibility for [beginning/starting] and leading .

Generally , a person organises a procession or an assembly when he makes the necessary arrangements for the conduct of the event by initiating it , planning the route or location , or assists in doing so .
generally , a person organises a procession or an assembly when he makes the necessary arrangements for the conduct of the event by [beginning/starting] it , planning the route or location , or assists in doing so .

Where the wrongful conduct of the police is the initiating event , this would seem to justify the citizen in engaging in increasingly spirited acts of resistance .
where the wrongful conduct of the police is the [beginning/starting] event , this would seem to justify the citizen in engaging in increasingly spirited acts of resistance .

Parliamentary assemblies are essentially meetings of elected representatives of the people whose purposes include considering the policy proposals put before them by the executive , sometimes ( though to a much lesser extent ) initiating policy proposals of their own , examining and calling to account those responsible for the initiation and implementation of policy , and giving approval and legitimacy to the actions of the executive and bureaucracy .
parliamentary assemblies are essentially meetings of elected representatives of the people whose purposes include considering the policy proposals put before them by the executive , sometimes ( though to a much lesser extent ) [beginning/starting] policy proposals of their own , examining and calling to account those responsible for the initiation and implementation of policy , and giving approval and legitimacy to the actions of the executive and bureaucracy .

9 The form continues with the student initiating an attack from the opposite direction : most forms in kung fu cover all directions of the compass .
9 the form continues with the student [beginning/starting] an attack from the opposite direction : most forms in kung fu cover all directions of the compass .

It would be wise in this modern day and age , to set up a system within your office whereby you monitor every file , so that your daily work is not simply a question of responding to incoming post and phone calls , but also a task of initiating approaches to clients and to other firms and to estate agents .
it would be wise in this modern day and age , to set up a system within your office whereby you monitor every file , so that your daily work is not simply a question of responding to incoming post and phone calls , but also a task of [beginning/starting] approaches to clients and to other firms and to estate agents .

Initiating the use of microcomputers in school libraries
[beginning/starting] the use of microcomputers in school libraries

Where the activity involved is one which would not give rise to insuperable planning objections if it were carried out somewhere else , then the planning authority should do all it can to help in finding suitable alternative premises before initiating enforcement action .
where the activity involved is one which would not give rise to insuperable planning objections if it were carried out somewhere else , then the planning authority should do all it can to help in finding suitable alternative premises before [beginning/starting] enforcement action .

With the above proviso in mind , the results for this question suggest overwhelming support for initiating an automatic inspection visit to all firms late in delivering their accountants report .
with the above proviso in mind , the results for this question suggest overwhelming support for [beginning/starting] an automatic inspection visit to all firms late in delivering their accountants report .

Some recently active rifts , however , do cut across ancient Precambrian structures , suggesting that the stress pattern initiating rifting , as well as the position of zones of crustal weakness , is important in determining the location and orientation of continental rifts .
some recently active rifts , however , do cut across ancient precambrian structures , suggesting that the stress pattern [beginning/starting] rifting , as well as the position of zones of crustal weakness , is important in determining the location and orientation of continental rifts .

Irrespective of the mechanism initiating basin formation the amount of subsidence will be amplified by the weight of sediments which accumulate .
irrespective of the mechanism [beginning/starting] basin formation the amount of subsidence will be amplified by the weight of sediments which accumulate .

In classical theory a spontaneous fall in the real wage rate is the initiating force tending to raise employment and output .
in classical theory a spontaneous fall in the real wage rate is the [beginning/starting] force tending to raise employment and output .

( a ) Initiating the review Many rent review clauses provide for the procedure to be initiated by the service of a notice .
( a ) [beginning/starting] the review many rent review clauses provide for the procedure to be initiated by the service of a notice .

Twenty African countries have initiated or are considering initiating National Environmental Actions Plans ( NEAPs ) , according to the latest World Bank report on the environment in Africa .
twenty african countries have initiated or are considering [beginning/starting] national environmental actions plans ( neaps ) , according to the latest world bank report on the environment in africa .

Nigeria , home to a quarter of the population of sub-saharan Africa , is initiating NEAPs at federal and state level .
nigeria , home to a quarter of the population of sub-saharan africa , is [beginning/starting] neaps at federal and state level .

Sir Edmond intended that the bulk of the work should fall upon his `` right especial and tender loving friend `` Sir Reginald Bray ; the other four executors — Geoffrey Downes of Pott Shrigley ; Thomas Rich , Mercer , his son-in-law ; John Shaa , his nephew ( but conventionally styled his `` cousin `` in the will ) ; and Julian , his wife — had the function of approving rather than initiating .
sir edmond intended that the bulk of the work should fall upon his `` right especial and tender loving friend `` sir reginald bray ; the other four executors — geoffrey downes of pott shrigley ; thomas rich , mercer , his son-in-law ; john shaa , his nephew ( but conventionally styled his `` cousin `` in the will ) ; and julian , his wife — had the function of approving rather than [beginning/starting] .

He does n't wait for things to happen , he actually makes them happen , initiating positive action , or stops them happening ( preventing negative problems ) .
he does n't wait for things to happen , he actually makes them happen , [beginning/starting] positive action , or stops them happening ( preventing negative problems ) .

In his team Rachael Ross spear-heads a project to Improve telephone sales , John Little leads a project to reduce wait-time at reception , Bob Reynolds is completing a project on extended opening hours and Edna Kelly is initiating a project to eliminate unnecessary bureaucracy .
in his team rachael ross spear-heads a project to improve telephone sales , john little leads a project to reduce wait-time at reception , bob reynolds is completing a project on extended opening hours and edna kelly is [beginning/starting] a project to eliminate unnecessary bureaucracy .

Participants at the Second Indonesian Consultation on Theology and Communication agreed that , so far , theological training has been more successful in creating an exclusive elite than in initiating a popular movement .
participants at the second indonesian consultation on theology and communication agreed that , so far , theological training has been more successful in creating an exclusive elite than in [beginning/starting] a popular movement .

In all cases , before initiating a sale it is wise to obtain an independent valuation , which should also be backed up by your own observations of current prices for similar items .
in all cases , before [beginning/starting] a sale it is wise to obtain an independent valuation , which should also be backed up by your own observations of current prices for similar items .

In general terms , within the particular situations , those structures provide economical ways of performing decision management ( initiating decisions and implementing them ) and decision control ( ratifying decisions and monitoring them ) .
in general terms , within the particular situations , those structures provide economical ways of performing decision management ( [beginning/starting] decisions and implementing them ) and decision control ( ratifying decisions and monitoring them ) .

: animate being initiating action ;
: animate being [beginning/starting] action ;

, for instance , which Gloucester held between 1469 and 1478 , the key offices went to John Huddleston junior of Millom , initiating a family connection with the county which endured for several generations .
, for instance , which gloucester held between 1469 and 1478 , the key offices went to john huddleston junior of millom , [beginning/starting] a family connection with the county which endured for several generations .

You may be initiating the correspondence .
you may be [beginning/starting] the correspondence .

In practice , the relative lack of co-ordination among the various harmonizing agencies means that the form of instrument is largely predetermined by the nature of the organization initiating the measure .
in practice , the relative lack of co-ordination among the various harmonizing agencies means that the form of instrument is largely predetermined by the nature of the organization [beginning/starting] the measure .

‘ The local social services authority should also be the agency responsible for initiating proceedings in relation to the care and protection of incapacitated , mentally disordered or vulnerable people , ’ says the paper .
‘ the local social services authority should also be the agency responsible for [beginning/starting] proceedings in relation to the care and protection of incapacitated , mentally disordered or vulnerable people , ’ says the paper .

The forms are meant to provide a control protocol for all the concerned parties , as well as fulfilling their primary role , that of initiating services .
the forms are meant to provide a control protocol for all the concerned parties , as well as fulfilling their primary role , that of [beginning/starting] services .

The World Health Organisation-International Society of Hypertension guidelines for initiating treatment in hypertension include a six month period of monthly reviews .
the world health organisation-international society of hypertension guidelines for [beginning/starting] treatment in hypertension include a six month period of monthly reviews .

’ This paper results from initiating that discussion in the Yorkshire health region .
’ this paper results from [beginning/starting] that discussion in the yorkshire health region .

Richard Nixon had been plagued by the phenomenon of political appointees ‘ going native ’ , a process that began immediately with career civil servants initiating their newly appointed political superiors into the mores , values , policy preferences and interest group connections of the department .
richard nixon had been plagued by the phenomenon of political appointees ‘ going native ’ , a process that began immediately with career civil servants [beginning/starting] their newly appointed political superiors into the mores , values , policy preferences and interest group connections of the department .

It has a budget of about £12.8 million ( £2.90 per state resident ) per year and is required to spend this in three main areas : buying out tobacco sponsorship and initiating public health sponsorship in sports , arts , and community organisations ; funding health promotion programmes ; and funding medical , especially public health , research .
it has a budget of about £12.8 million ( £2.90 per state resident ) per year and is required to spend this in three main areas : buying out tobacco sponsorship and [beginning/starting] public health sponsorship in sports , arts , and community organisations ; funding health promotion programmes ; and funding medical , especially public health , research .

The program ‘ teaches ’ a topic itself , presenting ideas in a straightforward didactic way and initiating pupil activity with specific tasks .
the program ‘ teaches ’ a topic itself , presenting ideas in a straightforward didactic way and [beginning/starting] pupil activity with specific tasks .

It does this by initiating the transfer of data between units , and by sending appropriate control signals , in accordance with a schedule or program of instructions .
it does this by [beginning/starting] the transfer of data between units , and by sending appropriate control signals , in accordance with a schedule or program of instructions .

On the other hand , when contrasted with parents , teachers dominate conversation , initiating the majority of interactions and exchanges , predominantly through requests , questions and requests for display .
on the other hand , when contrasted with parents , teachers dominate conversation , [beginning/starting] the majority of interactions and exchanges , predominantly through requests , questions and requests for display .

Of course , for conversation to provide opportunities for learning in this way , children must be encouraged to continue to be active participants , initiating talk about topics that interest them , asking questions and expressing their opinions .
of course , for conversation to provide opportunities for learning in this way , children must be encouraged to continue to be active participants , [beginning/starting] talk about topics that interest them , asking questions and expressing their opinions .

The initiating , moreover , is not simply a matter of beginning the text , but of initiating each new unit of the text in a way that has regard both for what precedes and for what a reader needs to know .
the [beginning/starting] , moreover , is not simply a matter of beginning the text , but of [beginning/starting] each new unit of the text in a way that has regard both for what precedes and for what a reader needs to know .

Initiating situations involving reading aloud to others merits consideration , especially as the tape-recorder gives opportunity for storing what has been read for transmission at an appropriate time .
[beginning/starting] situations involving reading aloud to others merits consideration , especially as the tape-recorder gives opportunity for storing what has been read for transmission at an appropriate time .

Linked with the development of the project in schools were plans for initiating and extending local authority inservice provision , as a means of disseminating good practice derived from the experience of selected schools , and to guide schools about to enter the project .
linked with the development of the project in schools were plans for [beginning/starting] and extending local authority inservice provision , as a means of disseminating good practice derived from the experience of selected schools , and to guide schools about to enter the project .

He singled out ‘ consideration for people ’ on the vertical axis and ‘ initiating structure ’ on the horizontal .
he singled out ‘ consideration for people ’ on the vertical axis and ‘ [beginning/starting] structure ’ on the horizontal .

In many other countries the initiating steps will be taken by an officer attached to the court .
in many other countries the [beginning/starting] steps will be taken by an officer attached to the court .

The authority initiating the request had , however , to be identified in the written request delivered by the consul , which was also to contain information about the parties and the nature of the document to be served and was to be prepared in the language of the state of destination .
the authority [beginning/starting] the request had , however , to be identified in the written request delivered by the consul , which was also to contain information about the parties and the nature of the document to be served and was to be prepared in the language of the state of destination .

If this argument has any substance , it lies in the fact that service on an involuntary agent attracts no legal as opposed to practical requirement that there be any supplemental transmission of information to the defendant abroad , whereas supplemental transmission of the actual documents served is required to be effected by the huissier initiating notification au parquet and by a Secretary of State on whom documents are served under the similar United States practice .
if this argument has any substance , it lies in the fact that service on an involuntary agent attracts no legal as opposed to practical requirement that there be any supplemental transmission of information to the defendant abroad , whereas supplemental transmission of the actual documents served is required to be effected by the huissier [beginning/starting] notification au parquet and by a secretary of state on whom documents are served under the similar united states practice .

First , the definition of the age of 65 years as initiating the onset of old age dependency is both arbitrary and socially constructed and is largely the result of institutionalized forced retirement .
first , the definition of the age of 65 years as [beginning/starting] the onset of old age dependency is both arbitrary and socially constructed and is largely the result of institutionalized forced retirement .

The adverse yaw and requirement for lots of rudder when initiating turns could catch the unwary , especially at low speed , but as Derek Piggott points out , if you can fly a Chevron it will make you as good a pilot as any .
the adverse yaw and requirement for lots of rudder when [beginning/starting] turns could catch the unwary , especially at low speed , but as derek piggott points out , if you can fly a chevron it will make you as good a pilot as any .

initiating and participating in major research projects in the European Community .
[beginning/starting] and participating in major research projects in the european community .

• Dusit Hotels and Resorts , Thailand ( eight hotels ) : has planted one tree for each of its hotel rooms , separates and recycles waste , uses unbleached and undyed cotton for sheets and towels in new hotels , has installed silver reflects , lowering the number of light bulbs used by half ; uses solar panels for hot water supply , has fitted water flow regulators in taps and showers and has introduces a ‘ wet-down , soap-up and rinse-off ’ campaign to promote water conservation , sponsors environmental seminars and is now initiating a ‘ green wing ’ scheme — a wing of guest rooms in every hotel converted to an eco-friendly environment , to be monitored over two years to see how energy consumption compares with standard rooms .
• dusit hotels and resorts , thailand ( eight hotels ) : has planted one tree for each of its hotel rooms , separates and recycles waste , uses unbleached and undyed cotton for sheets and towels in new hotels , has installed silver reflects , lowering the number of light bulbs used by half ; uses solar panels for hot water supply , has fitted water flow regulators in taps and showers and has introduces a ‘ wet-down , soap-up and rinse-off ’ campaign to promote water conservation , sponsors environmental seminars and is now [beginning/starting] a ‘ green wing ’ scheme — a wing of guest rooms in every hotel converted to an eco-friendly environment , to be monitored over two years to see how energy consumption compares with standard rooms .

By apologising and by approving some measure of financial compensation to haemophiliacs , the government is , in effect , initiating the Japanese process of forgiveness and acceptance that will restore harmony among the parties involved .
by apologising and by approving some measure of financial compensation to haemophiliacs , the government is , in effect , [beginning/starting] the japanese process of forgiveness and acceptance that will restore harmony among the parties involved .

, for instance , which Gloucester held between 1469 and 1478 , the key offices went to John Huddleston junior of Millom , initiating a family connection with the county which endured for several generations .
, for instance , which gloucester held between 1469 and 1478 , the key offices went to john huddleston junior of millom , [beginning/starting] a family connection with the county which endured for several generations .

Managers with at least ten years ' senior management experience who are initiating and leading strategic change .
managers with at least ten years ' senior management experience who are [beginning/starting] and leading strategic change .

It is tempting to speculate that this factor may be early childhood sun exposure , which not only causes development of large numbers of naevi but also acts as an initiating agent for later development of melanoma .
it is tempting to speculate that this factor may be early childhood sun exposure , which not only causes development of large numbers of naevi but also acts as an [beginning/starting] agent for later development of melanoma .

Current formulations place great emphasis on the role of maturation and psychological vulnerability in initiating the development of symptoms .
current formulations place great emphasis on the role of maturation and psychological vulnerability in [beginning/starting] the development of symptoms .

The transmitter is broken down enzymically , to prevent it from continuously initiating action potentials .
the transmitter is broken down enzymically , to prevent it from continuously [beginning/starting] action potentials .

Charles was acting quite legally in initiating the quo warranto proceedings against borough charters , and his primary aim appears not so much to achieve royal control over the borough electorate — boroughs which did not return MPs were also subject to attack — but rather to drive Nonconformists and their sympathisers out of the local magistracy and to secure the empanelment of juries who would be prepared to act against the Dissenters .
charles was acting quite legally in [beginning/starting] the quo warranto proceedings against borough charters , and his primary aim appears not so much to achieve royal control over the borough electorate — boroughs which did not return mps were also subject to attack — but rather to drive nonconformists and their sympathisers out of the local magistracy and to secure the empanelment of juries who would be prepared to act against the dissenters .

Using recorded music to create atmosphere ; or , better , ask one class to make an audio tape with the intention of creating atmosphere , then play it back to another class as a way of initiating the drama — " When you hear this , where do you think we might be ? Who might we be ? "
using recorded music to create atmosphere ; or , better , ask one class to make an audio tape with the intention of creating atmosphere , then play it back to another class as a way of [beginning/starting] the drama — " when you hear this , where do you think we might be ? who might we be ? "

an initiating member , who initiates the particular process .
an [beginning/starting] member , who initiates the particular process .

participating members , who are requested to assess or react to the process commenced by the initiating member ; and
participating members , who are requested to assess or react to the process commenced by the [beginning/starting] member ; and

The most common kinds of situations giving rise to interaction amongst Network members are summarised below , together with a checklist which sets out the obligations of the initiating member and the participating member in each set of circumstances .
the most common kinds of situations giving rise to interaction amongst network members are summarised below , together with a checklist which sets out the obligations of the [beginning/starting] member and the participating member in each set of circumstances .

the referral of fee-paying client work by a initiating member to a participating member ;
the referral of fee-paying client work by a [beginning/starting] member to a participating member ;

the charging of time-based fees by a participating member either to an initiating member or to the initiating member 's client ; or
the charging of time-based fees by a participating member either to an [beginning/starting] member or to the [beginning/starting] member 's client ; or

It is essential that , in all Network communications initiating members clearly set out the fee basis upon which participating members are to be included .
it is essential that , in all network communications [beginning/starting] members clearly set out the fee basis upon which participating members are to be included .

These are divestiture engagements in which the initiating member has been retained on an exclusive basis to assist in the sale of a business , and the business merits justify ( or the client specifically requests ) an international marketing program .
these are divestiture engagements in which the [beginning/starting] member has been retained on an exclusive basis to assist in the sale of a business , and the business merits justify ( or the client specifically requests ) an international marketing program .

It is also anticipated that the initiating member 's fee arrangements with his exclusive sell situation client will take the form of a time-based fee at or in excess of standard fee rates , or the inclusion in the fee arrangement of an element of value-added/success fees .
it is also anticipated that the [beginning/starting] member 's fee arrangements with his exclusive sell situation client will take the form of a time-based fee at or in excess of standard fee rates , or the inclusion in the fee arrangement of an element of value-added/success fees .

The initiating member should provide an advance copy of the Investment Overview text to all Network members ( mailings to other than the full Network are discouraged ) , together with a list of foreign prospective purchasers already identified by the initiating member for each Network members jurisdiction ( eg the Swiss member of the Network will receive the Investment Overview text together with a list of Swiss prospective purchasers , if any , identified by the initiating member ) .
the [beginning/starting] member should provide an advance copy of the investment overview text to all network members ( mailings to other than the full network are discouraged ) , together with a list of foreign prospective purchasers already identified by the [beginning/starting] member for each network members jurisdiction ( eg the swiss member of the network will receive the investment overview text together with a list of swiss prospective purchasers , if any , identified by the [beginning/starting] member ) .

If the initiating member or his client has decided that the exclusive sell situation will be of interest only to certain countries , then the Investment Overview text should still be distributed to all Network members but the covering memorandum should clearly identify those Network members to whom the material is being sent for information purposes only .
if the [beginning/starting] member or his client has decided that the exclusive sell situation will be of interest only to certain countries , then the investment overview text should still be distributed to all network members but the covering memorandum should clearly identify those network members to whom the material is being sent for information purposes only .

Participating members should distribute the Investment Overview direct to foreign prospective purchasers in their countries unless they prefer to have it distributed by the initiating member .
participating members should distribute the investment overview direct to foreign prospective purchasers in their countries unless they prefer to have it distributed by the [beginning/starting] member .

Distribution of Investment Overviews should be done at no cost to the initiating member or his client .
distribution of investment overviews should be done at no cost to the [beginning/starting] member or his client .

However , the initiating member should consider retaining participating members on a fee-paying basis to contact and follow-up with prospective purchasers in a more direct ( also more time consuming ) manner .
however , the [beginning/starting] member should consider retaining participating members on a fee-paying basis to contact and follow-up with prospective purchasers in a more direct ( also more time consuming ) manner .

The initiating member should offer an incentive to all Network members to encourage the submission of original prospective purchaser suggestions , in the form of a success fee equal to , for instance , 10% of the total estimated engagement fee and which would only be payable to a Network member 's firm if the following conditions are satisfied :
the [beginning/starting] member should offer an incentive to all network members to encourage the submission of original prospective purchaser suggestions , in the form of a success fee equal to , for instance , 10% of the total estimated engagement fee and which would only be payable to a network member 's firm if the following conditions are satisfied :

the Network member submitting the suggestions has provided full corporate details to the initiating member ( ie full corporate name of prospective purchaser , address , telephone number and name of senior office to contact ) , a brief summary of the current business activities of the prospective purchaser , and reasons why the prospective purchaser might be interested .
the network member submitting the suggestions has provided full corporate details to the [beginning/starting] member ( ie full corporate name of prospective purchaser , address , telephone number and name of senior office to contact ) , a brief summary of the current business activities of the prospective purchaser , and reasons why the prospective purchaser might be interested .

the Network member submitting the suggestion has , following approval of the suggestion by the initiating member , contacted the prospective purchaser on behalf of the initiating member in order to ensure that the exclusive sell situation is brought to the attention of the prospective purchaser in an effective and professionally-handled manner .
the network member submitting the suggestion has , following approval of the suggestion by the [beginning/starting] member , contacted the prospective purchaser on behalf of the [beginning/starting] member in order to ensure that the exclusive sell situation is brought to the attention of the prospective purchaser in an effective and professionally-handled manner .

The success fee should be paid to the firm of the Network member who submitted the successful suggestion , by remittance at closing of the sale transaction or upon receipt of the final fee payment by the initiating member .
the success fee should be paid to the firm of the network member who submitted the successful suggestion , by remittance at closing of the sale transaction or upon receipt of the final fee payment by the [beginning/starting] member .

In the event that the initiating member wishes additional professional services to be provided by the Network member submitting the suggestion , then such services should be paid for on a separate and non-contingent basis by the initiating member .
in the event that the [beginning/starting] member wishes additional professional services to be provided by the network member submitting the suggestion , then such services should be paid for on a separate and non-contingent basis by the [beginning/starting] member .

It is strongly recommended that initiating members seek to negotiate fee arrangements with their exclusive sell situation clients that allow them to offer time-based remuneration to participating members with respect to the process of originating foreign purchaser suggestions and/or contacting foreign purchasers .
it is strongly recommended that [beginning/starting] members seek to negotiate fee arrangements with their exclusive sell situation clients that allow them to offer time-based remuneration to participating members with respect to the process of originating foreign purchaser suggestions and/or contacting foreign purchasers .

Initiating Member
[beginning/starting] member

If prospective purchasers in your country have been identified by the initiating member then , on an expeditious basis , advise the initiating member as to :
if prospective purchasers in your country have been identified by the [beginning/starting] member then , on an expeditious basis , advise the [beginning/starting] member as to :

confirm that you undertake to deliver the Investment Overview expeditiously , or identify those on the list which you prefer receive the Investment Overview directly from the initiating member
confirm that you undertake to deliver the investment overview expeditiously , or identify those on the list which you prefer receive the investment overview directly from the [beginning/starting] member

whether the initiating member has identified the proper senior officer with whom to make contact
whether the [beginning/starting] member has identified the proper senior officer with whom to make contact

These situations are represented by businesses which : ( i ) are offered for sale in credible circumstances and on realistic term ; ( ii ) in respect of which the initiating member has not been retained on an exclusive basis ; and ( iii ) which on their merits would warrant international marketing if the initiating member had been retained on an exclusive basis .
these situations are represented by businesses which : ( i ) are offered for sale in credible circumstances and on realistic term ; ( ii ) in respect of which the [beginning/starting] member has not been retained on an exclusive basis ; and ( iii ) which on their merits would warrant international marketing if the [beginning/starting] member had been retained on an exclusive basis .

the initiating member 's firm has a non-exclusive arrangement ;
the [beginning/starting] member 's firm has a non-exclusive arrangement ;

the initiating member 's firm has been retained to provide non-M&A services ( such as transaction tax planning ) ; or
the [beginning/starting] member 's firm has been retained to provide non-m&a services ( such as transaction tax planning ) ; or

the initiating member 's firm has been requested to contact the Network on behalf of a client seeking a white knight , on a non-exclusive basis .
the [beginning/starting] member 's firm has been requested to contact the network on behalf of a client seeking a white knight , on a non-exclusive basis .

Any value-added/success fee obtained by a Network member in a third party sell situation should be shared equally between the initiating member and the participating member .
any value-added/success fee obtained by a network member in a third party sell situation should be shared equally between the [beginning/starting] member and the participating member .

Initiating Member
[beginning/starting] member

If you respond to the situation and become involved in the subsequent process , copy the initiating member on all relevant correspondence .
if you respond to the situation and become involved in the subsequent process , copy the [beginning/starting] member on all relevant correspondence .

When your involvement ceases or the sale process terminates , briefly advise the initiating member of the outcome , problems encountered during the process , etc .
when your involvement ceases or the sale process terminates , briefly advise the [beginning/starting] member of the outcome , problems encountered during the process , etc .

In this situation , an initiating member receives a request from a client in his country who has already identified an acquisition target in a participating member 's jurisdiction and , indeed , may already have commenced the acquisition process . As a result , the initating member has been asked to contact the participating member to elicit general or specifically defined acquisition advisery assistance , which could take the form of :
in this situation , an [beginning/starting] member receives a request from a client in his country who has already identified an acquisition target in a participating member 's jurisdiction and , indeed , may already have commenced the acquisition process . as a result , the initating member has been asked to contact the participating member to elicit general or specifically defined acquisition advisery assistance , which could take the form of :

Initiating Member
[beginning/starting] member

Provide the initiating member with a copy of your engagement letter to the client .
provide the [beginning/starting] member with a copy of your engagement letter to the client .

Ensure that the initiating member is kept informed of the progress of the engagement and copy him on all relevant correspondence .
ensure that the [beginning/starting] member is kept informed of the progress of the engagement and copy him on all relevant correspondence .

Ensure that the initiating member is advised of the outcome of the engagement .
ensure that the [beginning/starting] member is advised of the outcome of the engagement .

In this situation , an initiating member receives a request from a client in his country for assistance , to be provided by the participating member , in making initial contact with an acquisition target .
in this situation , an [beginning/starting] member receives a request from a client in his country for assistance , to be provided by the participating member , in making initial contact with an acquisition target .

Initiating Member
[beginning/starting] member

Check whether the acquisition target is a client and advise the initiating member or his client accordingly .
check whether the acquisition target is a client and advise the [beginning/starting] member or his client accordingly .

Advise the initiating member or the client of the results of the contact on an expeditious basis or , alternatively , explain the reasons for delay .
advise the [beginning/starting] member or the client of the results of the contact on an expeditious basis or , alternatively , explain the reasons for delay .

the conduct by the participating member of research , and compilation of information , with respect to an acquisition target already identified by a client in the country of the initiating member ; or
the conduct by the participating member of research , and compilation of information , with respect to an acquisition target already identified by a client in the country of the [beginning/starting] member ; or

the conduct of a formal acquisition search by the participating member based upon acquisition search criteria provided by the initiating member or his client .
the conduct of a formal acquisition search by the participating member based upon acquisition search criteria provided by the [beginning/starting] member or his client .

the sub-contracting of local acquisition search requirement to the participating member , as part of a larger international acquisition search engagement being conducted by the initiating member on behalf of a client in his country ( in these circumstance , the participating member will usually take his instructions from the initiating member ) ; and
the sub-contracting of local acquisition search requirement to the participating member , as part of a larger international acquisition search engagement being conducted by the [beginning/starting] member on behalf of a client in his country ( in these circumstance , the participating member will usually take his instructions from the [beginning/starting] member ) ; and

the direct referral of an acquisition search engagement from the initiating member to the participating member on behalf of a client in the initiating member 's jurisdiction ( in which circumstances , the participating member will usually enter into an engagement letter directly with the initiating member 's client ) .
the direct referral of an acquisition search engagement from the [beginning/starting] member to the participating member on behalf of a client in the [beginning/starting] member 's jurisdiction ( in which circumstances , the participating member will usually enter into an engagement letter directly with the [beginning/starting] member 's client ) .

The project will also identify good practice in initiating and implementing change , planning resource deployment and appraising performance .
the project will also identify good practice in [beginning/starting] and implementing change , planning resource deployment and appraising performance .

Moreover , the local council has been heavily implicated in these processes , initiating and shaping the town 's development .
moreover , the local council has been heavily implicated in these processes , [beginning/starting] and shaping the town 's development .

The information is also available confidentially and the risk has ended of starting unfounded rumours by initiating enquiries from line management which might be misinterpreted .
the information is also available confidentially and the risk has ended of starting unfounded rumours by [beginning/starting] enquiries from line management which might be misinterpreted .

Parliament has made local planning authorities responsible for day-to-day planning control , including the determination of planning applications and the initiating of enforcement action .
parliament has made local planning authorities responsible for day-to-day planning control , including the determination of planning applications and the [beginning/starting] of enforcement action .

Between 1983 and 1987 , schools and educational welfare officers were responsible for initiating only 12 per cent .
between 1983 and 1987 , schools and educational welfare officers were responsible for [beginning/starting] only 12 per cent .

Now that the by-election in Kincardine and Deeside has focused attention on the issue of Scotland once again , and with the continuing difficulties in establishing a democratic local administration in Ulster , will the Prime Minister consider initiating consultations with other parliamentary parties with a view to reaching agreement on common structures of government throughout the United Kingdom ?
now that the by-election in kincardine and deeside has focused attention on the issue of scotland once again , and with the continuing difficulties in establishing a democratic local administration in ulster , will the prime minister consider [beginning/starting] consultations with other parliamentary parties with a view to reaching agreement on common structures of government throughout the united kingdom ?

If so , will he ensure that a police officer accompanies every military patrol whenever humanly possible ? Will he also consider , as a provisional measure , initiating steps which would enable a magistrate or judge to supervise the interrogation of a defendant charged with a terrorist offence ?
if so , will he ensure that a police officer accompanies every military patrol whenever humanly possible ? will he also consider , as a provisional measure , [beginning/starting] steps which would enable a magistrate or judge to supervise the interrogation of a defendant charged with a terrorist offence ?

The health authority has made it clear that it is initiating an inquiry to establish the levels of staffing and back-up staffing that are necessary to ensure that there are no shortages .
the health authority has made it clear that it is [beginning/starting] an inquiry to establish the levels of staffing and back-up staffing that are necessary to ensure that there are no shortages .

Some scholars , especially those who have worked on English as well as Continental evidence , have recently been arguing for the role of kingship , if not in initiating , then in profiting from economic activity in both town and countryside .
some scholars , especially those who have worked on english as well as continental evidence , have recently been arguing for the role of kingship , if not in [beginning/starting] , then in profiting from economic activity in both town and countryside .

In defining those needs it is important to pay attention to the teacher 's self in the amalgam of teaching , managing , initiating , following and criticizing .
in defining those needs it is important to pay attention to the teacher 's self in the amalgam of teaching , managing , [beginning/starting] , following and criticizing .

During work experience students are expected to exhibit a high degree of interpersonal skills in initiating and sustaining working relationships .
during work experience students are expected to exhibit a high degree of interpersonal skills in [beginning/starting] and sustaining working relationships .

During community involvement students are expected to exhibit a high degree of interpersonal skills in initiating and sustaining working relationships and responding to the needs of others .
during community involvement students are expected to exhibit a high degree of interpersonal skills in [beginning/starting] and sustaining working relationships and responding to the needs of others .

Framework for initiating and supporting investigations
framework for [beginning/starting] and supporting investigations

Issues still to be resolved included the role of the planned regulatory body ( to be based in The Hague , Netherlands ) in initiating challenge inspections , and provisions on the use of chemical anti-riot agents and the peaceful use of chemicals .
issues still to be resolved included the role of the planned regulatory body ( to be based in the hague , netherlands ) in [beginning/starting] challenge inspections , and provisions on the use of chemical anti-riot agents and the peaceful use of chemicals .

Since coming to office in late 1990 , the National Party 's standing in the polls had plummeted as the government reneged on its electoral pledges by initiating radical cuts in the country 's welfare state .
since coming to office in late 1990 , the national party 's standing in the polls had plummeted as the government reneged on its electoral pledges by [beginning/starting] radical cuts in the country 's welfare state .

Second , the general results of audit have to be made available to managers so that they can take remedial action if necessary , which may mean initiating an independent audit .
second , the general results of audit have to be made available to managers so that they can take remedial action if necessary , which may mean [beginning/starting] an independent audit .

In general they did not seek harsh retributory sentences once order had been restored and in a surprisingly large number of cases actually went some way towards meeting the wishes of the crowd by doing something to encourage a lowering of prices and initiating or participating in relief measures .
in general they did not seek harsh retributory sentences once order had been restored and in a surprisingly large number of cases actually went some way towards meeting the wishes of the crowd by doing something to encourage a lowering of prices and [beginning/starting] or participating in relief measures .

The potential pathogenicity of free radicals has been emphasised by recent work which suggests that reactive oxygen metabolities are not just one of a number of mediators and cytokines involved in the inflammatory process in inflammatory bowel disease but may have a pivotal role by initiating the expression of genes controlling may other aspects of the inflammatory , immune , and acute phase response , by activation of the transcription factor NF-kΒ .
the potential pathogenicity of free radicals has been emphasised by recent work which suggests that reactive oxygen metabolities are not just one of a number of mediators and cytokines involved in the inflammatory process in inflammatory bowel disease but may have a pivotal role by [beginning/starting] the expression of genes controlling may other aspects of the inflammatory , immune , and acute phase response , by activation of the transcription factor nf-kβ .

Optionally , fragments could be transcytosed across the enterocyte and presented at the basolateral membrane for immunocompetent cells , maybe initiating a pathological response in coeliac patients .
optionally , fragments could be transcytosed across the enterocyte and presented at the basolateral membrane for immunocompetent cells , maybe [beginning/starting] a pathological response in coeliac patients .

But she must mind her p 's and q 's and be on her guard against initiating topics that she could not control .
but she must mind her p 's and q 's and be on her guard against [beginning/starting] topics that she could not control .

The use of such card will be permitted on the assumption that the person initiating any transaction on the joint account is doing so with the authority and consent of the other account holder ( s ) .
the use of such card will be permitted on the assumption that the person [beginning/starting] any transaction on the joint account is doing so with the authority and consent of the other account holder ( s ) .

Ways of trying to increase your bargaining power include delaying negotiations or confrontation until you are in a stronger position , initiating action in another area which raises the costs to your opponent if he disagrees with your offer , linking the issue under discussion with much wider issues which do not seem of much importance at first sight to your opponent but which may be to his long-term disadvantage but to your long-term advantage which will compensate for your short-term loss .
ways of trying to increase your bargaining power include delaying negotiations or confrontation until you are in a stronger position , [beginning/starting] action in another area which raises the costs to your opponent if he disagrees with your offer , linking the issue under discussion with much wider issues which do not seem of much importance at first sight to your opponent but which may be to his long-term disadvantage but to your long-term advantage which will compensate for your short-term loss .

Notice that by this argument , such changes are initiated from outside the organisms and so inevitably occur after the initiating event .
notice that by this argument , such changes are initiated from outside the organisms and so inevitably occur after the [beginning/starting] event .

Many people have noted how the police are not helpful in initiating research or in welcoming sociologists ( Greenhill 1981 : 91 ; Holdaway 1979 : 1 , 1983 : 3–4 ) .
many people have noted how the police are not helpful in [beginning/starting] research or in welcoming sociologists ( greenhill 1981 : 91 ; holdaway 1979 : 1 , 1983 : 3–4 ) .

All too slowly , reasons were established for treating X-rays and radioactive materials with considerable caution and for initiating proper control over the use of all sources of radiation .
all too slowly , reasons were established for treating x-rays and radioactive materials with considerable caution and for [beginning/starting] proper control over the use of all sources of radiation .

Seventhly , if the German states were to express themselves for initiating movement toward German unity , would they be ready to take into consideration the interests of other European states and to seek , on a mutually acceptable collective basis , answers to all questions and problems that might arise in that regard ?
seventhly , if the german states were to express themselves for [beginning/starting] movement toward german unity , would they be ready to take into consideration the interests of other european states and to seek , on a mutually acceptable collective basis , answers to all questions and problems that might arise in that regard ?

Later he saw Arnold as initiating ‘ the degradation of philosophy and religion ’ .
later he saw arnold as [beginning/starting] ‘ the degradation of philosophy and religion ’ .

That contemporary homophobia , even or especially in its crudest forms , is not a residual superstition , can be seen in that initiating attack on Peter Tatchell .
that contemporary homophobia , even or especially in its crudest forms , is not a residual superstition , can be seen in that [beginning/starting] attack on peter tatchell .

Free radicals — species with one or more unpaired electrons — are very important in many areas of chemistry ; from initiating the formation of polythene and playing a major role in the chemistry of the Earth 's atmosphere to causing the deterioration of food .
free radicals — species with one or more unpaired electrons — are very important in many areas of chemistry ; from [beginning/starting] the formation of polythene and playing a major role in the chemistry of the earth 's atmosphere to causing the deterioration of food .

There is however , no justification in making their establishment an essential pre-condition for initiating rural development programmes .
there is however , no justification in making their establishment an essential pre-condition for [beginning/starting] rural development programmes .

Initiating the Turn
[beginning/starting] the turn

Delinquent White youths were described as ‘ uncivilised ’ ; ‘ barbarians ’ who adopted unattractive clothing , listened to American-influenced music and ‘ savagely ’ attacked innocent victims ; they were also blamed for initiating a steady decline in sexual mores .
delinquent white youths were described as ‘ uncivilised ’ ; ‘ barbarians ’ who adopted unattractive clothing , listened to american-influenced music and ‘ savagely ’ attacked innocent victims ; they were also blamed for [beginning/starting] a steady decline in sexual mores .

these proposals we regard as doing no more than initiating a programme of family welfare which will have to be kept under continuous review and modified and expanded in the light of experience and deeper knowledge .
these proposals we regard as doing no more than [beginning/starting] a programme of family welfare which will have to be kept under continuous review and modified and expanded in the light of experience and deeper knowledge .

Many have followed Jolas in seeing Joyce 's ‘ autonomy of language ’ and ‘ new art of the word ’ as marking a decisive break with earlier epochs of fiction , initiating a postmodernist writing which extends , but into markedly new areas , the initiatives of its predecessor .
many have followed jolas in seeing joyce 's ‘ autonomy of language ’ and ‘ new art of the word ’ as marking a decisive break with earlier epochs of fiction , [beginning/starting] a postmodernist writing which extends , but into markedly new areas , the initiatives of its predecessor .

This collusion between writers and critics was not deliberate , let alone coordinated in any systematic fashion , yet , in cultural and intellectual terms , the principal outcome was to revolutionize the literary landscape by initiating new , evaluative criteria to chart the movement from realism to modernism : Flaubert is also considered by Barthes to be the pivotal figure in this transformation towards an apparently less transparent writing .
this collusion between writers and critics was not deliberate , let alone coordinated in any systematic fashion , yet , in cultural and intellectual terms , the principal outcome was to revolutionize the literary landscape by [beginning/starting] new , evaluative criteria to chart the movement from realism to modernism : flaubert is also considered by barthes to be the pivotal figure in this transformation towards an apparently less transparent writing .

Dancers on stage must establish their relationship to each other and to those who enter and also the particular way they are to set the action or dance going by initiating the phrasing , style and expressiveness of the choreographic design to be unfolded .
dancers on stage must establish their relationship to each other and to those who enter and also the particular way they are to set the action or dance going by [beginning/starting] the phrasing , style and expressiveness of the choreographic design to be unfolded .

If you watch the treatment sessions , you may sometimes think that the patient is not taking any active role in initiating movements , whereas the physiotherapist seems to be doing the movements for him .
if you watch the treatment sessions , you may sometimes think that the patient is not taking any active role in [beginning/starting] movements , whereas the physiotherapist seems to be doing the movements for him .

Moreover , the surviving letters of this period bear witness to the extent of his involvement in the production and marketing of his books , from suggesting as ‘ a desirable novelty ’ a sketch-map frontispiece for The Return of the Native ( 1878 ) , to initiating the publication of Wessex Tales , a collected edition of some of the short stories .
moreover , the surviving letters of this period bear witness to the extent of his involvement in the production and marketing of his books , from suggesting as ‘ a desirable novelty ’ a sketch-map frontispiece for the return of the native ( 1878 ) , to [beginning/starting] the publication of wessex tales , a collected edition of some of the short stories .

Although Botham 's sponsored Mercedes was the victim of a nocturnal break-in on Newcastle quayside within days of him taking delivery , both superstars were in great heart during the early weeks , Jones 's infectious enthusiasm extending to initiating some dumbfounded team mates in the incomprehensible fielding routines practised by the Australians .
although botham 's sponsored mercedes was the victim of a nocturnal break-in on newcastle quayside within days of him taking delivery , both superstars were in great heart during the early weeks , jones 's infectious enthusiasm extending to [beginning/starting] some dumbfounded team mates in the incomprehensible fielding routines practised by the australians .

They come into the world not just as bundles of flesh and bone but with already distinctive personalities capable of initiating different responses from those around them .
they come into the world not just as bundles of flesh and bone but with already distinctive personalities capable of [beginning/starting] different responses from those around them .

The size of this type of unemployment is obviously extremely difficult to estimate , but it may be quite substantial , particularly in those industries with powerful trade unions where employers are reluctant to lay off workers for fears of initiating an industrial dispute .
the size of this type of unemployment is obviously extremely difficult to estimate , but it may be quite substantial , particularly in those industries with powerful trade unions where employers are reluctant to lay off workers for fears of [beginning/starting] an industrial dispute .

Later , she decides to pursue their interest by initiating the tracing and matching activity .
later , she decides to pursue their interest by [beginning/starting] the tracing and matching activity .

The teacher does have a role in initiating interest and activity through the use of dolls , pictures , rhymes or stories , and in pursuing any teaching point when she feels it is right to do so .
the teacher does have a role in [beginning/starting] interest and activity through the use of dolls , pictures , rhymes or stories , and in pursuing any teaching point when she feels it is right to do so .

It is apparent that there is considerable , if still tentative , interest in initiating and pursuing co-operative training ventures ; and that their potential for satisfying many of the objectives currently being met ( adequately or inadequately ) by external courses has barely been harnessed .
it is apparent that there is considerable , if still tentative , interest in [beginning/starting] and pursuing co-operative training ventures ; and that their potential for satisfying many of the objectives currently being met ( adequately or inadequately ) by external courses has barely been harnessed .

We also occasionally observed some ambivalence or uncertainty on the part of the person initiating the divorce .
we also occasionally observed some ambivalence or uncertainty on the part of the person [beginning/starting] the divorce .

Before initiating an incident , you weighed up the pros and cons of the costs in time .
before [beginning/starting] an incident , you weighed up the pros and cons of the costs in time .

An event tree is a model of plant behaviour and is simply a logical way of systematically identifying the various possible end results of a given initiating event .
an event tree is a model of plant behaviour and is simply a logical way of systematically identifying the various possible end results of a given [beginning/starting] event .

Event and fault-trees can not only define the minimum response the system has to make to ensure a successful outcome follows an initiating event , and indicate where additional , ‘ redundant ’ equipment may be required to ensure this , but they are also valuable in showing up system sensitivities .
event and fault-trees can not only define the minimum response the system has to make to ensure a successful outcome follows an [beginning/starting] event , and indicate where additional , ‘ redundant ’ equipment may be required to ensure this , but they are also valuable in showing up system sensitivities .

Havelock suggests three categories : the research and development and diffusion model , where an idea or practice conceived at the centre is fed out into the system ; the social interaction model , where change proceeds through formal and informal contact between groups ; and the problem solving model , where individuals are themselves involved in initiating , developing or modifying aspects of a programme at local level .
havelock suggests three categories : the research and development and diffusion model , where an idea or practice conceived at the centre is fed out into the system ; the social interaction model , where change proceeds through formal and informal contact between groups ; and the problem solving model , where individuals are themselves involved in [beginning/starting] , developing or modifying aspects of a programme at local level .

An underlying reluctance to accept change or try out new activities is so well hidden and overcome that she is extremely optimistic and positive when taking decisions and initiating projects .
an underlying reluctance to accept change or try out new activities is so well hidden and overcome that she is extremely optimistic and positive when taking decisions and [beginning/starting] projects .

The initiating processes in all these interactions are referred to as biological interface conversion processes and can be easily studied in the eye because contact lenses can be removed and analysed after only a few minutes ' wear .
the [beginning/starting] processes in all these interactions are referred to as biological interface conversion processes and can be easily studied in the eye because contact lenses can be removed and analysed after only a few minutes ' wear .

There is clearly a great deal to be done in understanding the initiating steps in order to effect more marked changes in spoilation resistance .
there is clearly a great deal to be done in understanding the [beginning/starting] steps in order to effect more marked changes in spoilation resistance .

Discussion of each individual 's understanding of the overdose can be a potent means of initiating such communication , as well as allowing expression of feelings about the act ( p. 23 ) .
discussion of each individual 's understanding of the overdose can be a potent means of [beginning/starting] such communication , as well as allowing expression of feelings about the act ( p. 23 ) .

By and large , information stored in files or computers is used mostly for packaging proposals and rarely for learning or initiating and evaluating alternative courses of action .
by and large , information stored in files or computers is used mostly for packaging proposals and rarely for learning or [beginning/starting] and evaluating alternative courses of action .

Where parent-teacher associations are initiating new building projects , according to Minister of Education Fay Chung , the Ministry is no longer encouraging them .
where parent-teacher associations are [beginning/starting] new building projects , according to minister of education fay chung , the ministry is no longer encouraging them .

Praise the child for initiating social behaviour .
praise the child for [beginning/starting] social behaviour .

Often a signiﬁcant person—a parent , an older sibling , or a relative—promoted imaginative experimentation and a sense of wonder by telling fantastic stories , initiating joint pretend , or offering gifts ( such as books and puppets ) that inspired make-believe .
often a signiﬁcant person—a parent , an older sibling , or a relative—promoted imaginative experimentation and a sense of wonder by telling fantastic stories , [beginning/starting] joint pretend , or offering gifts ( such as books and puppets ) that inspired make-believe .

In support of this approach , psychologist Barbara Fiese ’ s observations of mothers playing with their 15- to 24-month-olds revealed that maternal questions , directions , and intrusions ( initiating a new activity unrelated to the child ’ s current play ) led to immature behavior in which toddlers merely mouthed , touched , and looked at toys .
in support of this approach , psychologist barbara fiese ’ s observations of mothers playing with their 15- to 24-month-olds revealed that maternal questions , directions , and intrusions ( [beginning/starting] a new activity unrelated to the child ’ s current play ) led to immature behavior in which toddlers merely mouthed , touched , and looked at toys .

Children take increasing responsibility for initiating and elaborating make-believe scenarios , ﬁrst with adults and older siblings , then with agemates .
children take increasing responsibility for [beginning/starting] and elaborating make-believe scenarios , ﬁrst with adults and older siblings , then with agemates .

Although no single retailer pioneered or adopted all the innovations that compose lean retailing , we focus here on those in three segments—mass merchants , national chains , and departments stores—that played important roles in initiating the larger transformation .
although no single retailer pioneered or adopted all the innovations that compose lean retailing , we focus here on those in three segments—mass merchants , national chains , and departments stores—that played important roles in [beginning/starting] the larger transformation .

To round them up , the King brought cowboys from Spain and Mexico , initiating the paniolo ( Hawaiian cowboy ) tradition .
to round them up , the king brought cowboys from spain and mexico , [beginning/starting] the paniolo ( hawaiian cowboy ) tradition .

The army rebelled in 1936 , initiating the brutal and bloody Spanish Civil War , in which both sides committed atrocities .
the army rebelled in 1936 , [beginning/starting] the brutal and bloody spanish civil war , in which both sides committed atrocities .

At the Family Law Information Center , where open boxes of tissues are displayed as prominently as forms for initiating divorce , custody and child- support proceedings , office assistant Beatrice Contreras said there is often a line of people waiting to use the two machines .
at the family law information center , where open boxes of tissues are displayed as prominently as forms for [beginning/starting] divorce , custody and child- support proceedings , office assistant beatrice contreras said there is often a line of people waiting to use the two machines .

Employing interactive video- and touch-screen technology , the kiosks guide users through the bureaucracy of obtaining domestic-violence restraining orders , establishing child custody , responding to child support and eviction orders , initiating small-claims suits and requesting waivers for legal filing fees .
employing interactive video- and touch-screen technology , the kiosks guide users through the bureaucracy of obtaining domestic-violence restraining orders , establishing child custody , responding to child support and eviction orders , [beginning/starting] small-claims suits and requesting waivers for legal filing fees .

Demonstrating Top Leadership Commitment Top leadership commitment is crucial in developing a vision , initiating organizational change , maintaining open communications , and creating an environment that is receptive to innovation .
demonstrating top leadership commitment top leadership commitment is crucial in developing a vision , [beginning/starting] organizational change , maintaining open communications , and creating an environment that is receptive to innovation .

Initiating discussions on information security risks with business managers and conducting defined risk assessment procedures .
[beginning/starting] discussions on information security risks with business managers and conducting defined risk assessment procedures .

Vendor 's billing and government payment systems have been traditionally designed and operated with the invoice being the primary document initiating the payment process .
vendor 's billing and government payment systems have been traditionally designed and operated with the invoice being the primary document [beginning/starting] the payment process .

During the 180-day period , the Departments will publish a notice in the Federal Register initiating a 60-day agency review and public comment period with submittal to OMB for review and an extension of the emergency approval to follow .
during the 180-day period , the departments will publish a notice in the federal register [beginning/starting] a 60-day agency review and public comment period with submittal to omb for review and an extension of the emergency approval to follow .

Initiating discussions on information security risks with business managers and conducting defined risk assessment procedures .
[beginning/starting] discussions on information security risks with business managers and conducting defined risk assessment procedures .

During the 180-day period , HHS will publish a notice in the Federal Register initiating a 60-day agency review and public comment period with submittal to OMB for review and an extension of the emergency approval to follow .
during the 180-day period , hhs will publish a notice in the federal register [beginning/starting] a 60-day agency review and public comment period with submittal to omb for review and an extension of the emergency approval to follow .

In fact , stakeholders in dozens of states have embraced the new approach fully and reported back enthusiastically on their progress since initiating their own state planning processes .
in fact , stakeholders in dozens of states have embraced the new approach fully and reported back enthusiastically on their progress since [beginning/starting] their own state planning processes .

These interpretations would also invite exploitation by allowing litigants to simply wait until an alien temporarily departed the United States before cutting off workers compensation benefits , or initiating eviction , repossession , or divorce or custody proceedings .
these interpretations would also invite exploitation by allowing litigants to simply wait until an alien temporarily departed the united states before cutting off workers compensation benefits , or [beginning/starting] eviction , repossession , or divorce or custody proceedings .

These interpretations would also invite exploitation by allowing litigants to simply wait until an alien temporarily departed the United States before cutting off workers compensation benefits , initiating eviction , repossession , divorce or child custody proceedings , or otherwise triggering the cause of action or a need for representation .
these interpretations would also invite exploitation by allowing litigants to simply wait until an alien temporarily departed the united states before cutting off workers compensation benefits , [beginning/starting] eviction , repossession , divorce or child custody proceedings , or otherwise triggering the cause of action or a need for representation .

However , when preparing to perform a static test with a sample of completely unknown quality , or before initiating a flow-through test , it is advisable to conduct a preliminary toxicity range-finding test .
however , when preparing to perform a static test with a sample of completely unknown quality , or before [beginning/starting] a flow-through test , it is advisable to conduct a preliminary toxicity range-finding test .

However , when preparing to perform a static test with a sample of completely unknown quality , or before initiating a flow-through test , it is advisable to conduct a preliminary toxicity range-finding test .
however , when preparing to perform a static test with a sample of completely unknown quality , or before [beginning/starting] a flow-through test , it is advisable to conduct a preliminary toxicity range-finding test .

Approval of the study protocol was obtained from the institutional review board ( IRB ) of the Philadelphia Field Initiating Group for HIV Trials ( Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States ) .
approval of the study protocol was obtained from the institutional review board ( irb ) of the philadelphia field [beginning/starting] group for hiv trials ( philadelphia , pennsylvania , united states ) .

Between August 2000 and December 2003 , 42 patients at the Jonathan Lax Immune Disorder Clinic at the Philadelphia Field Initiating Group for HIV Trials were enrolled , randomized , and followed as shown in Figure 2 .
between august 2000 and december 2003 , 42 patients at the jonathan lax immune disorder clinic at the philadelphia field [beginning/starting] group for hiv trials were enrolled , randomized , and followed as shown in figure 2 .

Although Tat was the first activator known that could recruit P-TEFb to initiating RNAPII , additional members of this group were soon identified .
although tat was the first activator known that could recruit p-tefb to [beginning/starting] rnapii , additional members of this group were soon identified .

The first denotes the initiating methionine in the signal sequence as amino acid −24 .
the first denotes the [beginning/starting] methionine in the signal sequence as amino acid −24 .

Despite continued treatment with gefitinib , either with chemotherapy or at 500 mg daily , the pleural effusion recurred , 12 mo after initiating gefitinib ( Figure 1A , right panel ) .
despite continued treatment with gefitinib , either with chemotherapy or at 500 mg daily , the pleural effusion recurred , 12 mo after [beginning/starting] gefitinib ( figure 1a , right panel ) .

Funds from donors were essential aspects of initiating all these projects .
funds from donors were essential aspects of [beginning/starting] all these projects .

To do this , we are initiating another tradition : Senior Challenge .
to do this , we are [beginning/starting] another tradition : senior challenge .

A Kenyan doctor nods for anesthesia , and a commanding woman dressed in white with a tall head wrap approaches the patient ; initiating the ritual , she lifts a small , precise scalpel .
a kenyan doctor nods for anesthesia , and a commanding woman dressed in white with a tall head wrap approaches the patient ; [beginning/starting] the ritual , she lifts a small , precise scalpel .

Many of the public journalism innovations that Rosen wants newspapers to experiment with -- commitment to the community , initiating `` dialogues '' with the citizenry , and abandoning objectivity -- are practiced routinely at 100 papers in the nation 's 50 top markets .
many of the public journalism innovations that rosen wants newspapers to experiment with -- commitment to the community , [beginning/starting] `` dialogues '' with the citizenry , and abandoning objectivity -- are practiced routinely at 100 papers in the nation 's 50 top markets .

It is ironic that your letter asks about initiating a correspondence , while your quotation from Ms. Bailey pleads for less paperwork !
it is ironic that your letter asks about [beginning/starting] a correspondence , while your quotation from ms. bailey pleads for less paperwork !

A decade or so later , of course , Nixon executed a daring flip-flop , initiating diplomatic contact with China for the first time since 1949 .
a decade or so later , of course , nixon executed a daring flip-flop , [beginning/starting] diplomatic contact with china for the first time since 1949 .

About the same time , they suborned an IRS agent into initiating criminal tax probes of Jordache 's owners , probes that ended up going nowhere but were wonderful harassment devices .
about the same time , they suborned an irs agent into [beginning/starting] criminal tax probes of jordache 's owners , probes that ended up going nowhere but were wonderful harassment devices .

It also described the bombing as a step toward initiating a new , modified Cold War and said that Kosovo could turn into a latter-day version of Afghanistan , or even Vietnam , for the United States and its allies .
it also described the bombing as a step toward [beginning/starting] a new , modified cold war and said that kosovo could turn into a latter-day version of afghanistan , or even vietnam , for the united states and its allies .

Finally , as they say at NASA , there was word from the pad that the launch sequence was initiating .
finally , as they say at nasa , there was word from the pad that the launch sequence was [beginning/starting] .

By initiating his glossolalic cant with beth -element words ( feemalator , wamalama ) and continuing with palatal variations on their respective themes ( jasperator , gamanama ) the boy is apparently responding to the same primal urge that motivated the anonymous creators of our alphabet to begin their artificial series of sounds with aleph , beth , gimel , and daleth -- and not with something like zis boom bah !
by [beginning/starting] his glossolalic cant with beth -element words ( feemalator , wamalama ) and continuing with palatal variations on their respective themes ( jasperator , gamanama ) the boy is apparently responding to the same primal urge that motivated the anonymous creators of our alphabet to begin their artificial series of sounds with aleph , beth , gimel , and daleth -- and not with something like zis boom bah !

TV and radio announcers seem to obey changes in pronunciation rather than initiating them .
tv and radio announcers seem to obey changes in pronunciation rather than [beginning/starting] them .

