The men , aged 24 and 29 from Wavertree , were interviewed in connection with allegedly supplying the drug to the Liverpool model and released on police bail pending further inquires .
the men , aged 24 and 29 from wavertree , were interviewed in connection with allegedly supplying the drug to the liverpool model and released on police bail pending further [asks] .

However , it is apparently the practice that if the prisoner inquires in such a case whether the tariff has been set at 20 years , he will be told if it has been set at that period , but not if it has not .
however , it is apparently the practice that if the prisoner [asks] in such a case whether the tariff has been set at 20 years , he will be told if it has been set at that period , but not if it has not .

’ inquires vocalist Mike Edwards in his best piss-take cabaret voice .
’ [asks] vocalist mike edwards in his best piss-take cabaret voice .

to make recommendations to Government Departments concerned on enforcement policies , on special investigations and inquires , and on the making of health and safety regulations ;
to make recommendations to government departments concerned on enforcement policies , on special investigations and [asks] , and on the making of health and safety regulations ;

Where a relative or friend of a person in custody inquires as to his whereabouts , that person should normally be told unless the detainee objects or unless any of the factors , noted above , justifying delay , apply .
where a relative or friend of a person in custody [asks] as to his whereabouts , that person should normally be told unless the detainee objects or unless any of the factors , noted above , justifying delay , apply .

’ inquires vocalist Mike Edwards in his best piss-take cabaret voice .
’ [asks] vocalist mike edwards in his best piss-take cabaret voice .

It inquires whether the conception of community has undergone any change as a consequence of the crowd phenomenon .
it [asks] whether the conception of community has undergone any change as a consequence of the crowd phenomenon .

At the tract 's beginning , Eudoxus inquires how it is with the advantages of Ireland as a place for agriculture — a key aspect for establishing civility — that it remains savage .
at the tract 's beginning , eudoxus [asks] how it is with the advantages of ireland as a place for agriculture — a key aspect for establishing civility — that it remains savage .

On appeal to the Patents Court , it was held that where an invention involves any of the excluded materials in section 1 ( 2 ) , the proper construction of the qualification in that subsection requires that the Patent Office inquires into whether the inventive step resides in the contribution of the excluded matter alone .
on appeal to the patents court , it was held that where an invention involves any of the excluded materials in section 1 ( 2 ) , the proper construction of the qualification in that subsection requires that the patent office [asks] into whether the inventive step resides in the contribution of the excluded matter alone .

‘ What 's your cheapest Scotch ? ’ inquires the next customer , oblivious to the new range of malt whiskies sitting in the window .
‘ what 's your cheapest scotch ? ’ [asks] the next customer , oblivious to the new range of malt whiskies sitting in the window .

‘ Want a tinny , son ? ’ inquires a voice from behind me .
‘ want a tinny , son ? ’ [asks] a voice from behind me .

’ she inquires in best grande dame mode , and , worse still , what will ‘ the county ’ make of it all ?
’ she [asks] in best grande dame mode , and , worse still , what will ‘ the county ’ make of it all ?

After rhapsodising about his wife 's ‘ pert , piquant , oh so pliable private parts ’ , he casually inquires what she would think of him if he had breasts .
after rhapsodising about his wife 's ‘ pert , piquant , oh so pliable private parts ’ , he casually [asks] what she would think of him if he had breasts .

‘ Where would you put it ? ’ Vic inquires , looking round at the kitchen surfaces already cluttered with numerous electrical appliances — toaster , kettle , coffee-maker , food-processor , electric wok , chip-fryer , waffle-maker …
‘ where would you put it ? ’ vic [asks] , looking round at the kitchen surfaces already cluttered with numerous electrical appliances — toaster , kettle , coffee-maker , food-processor , electric wok , chip-fryer , waffle-maker …

’ she inquires .
’ she [asks] .

To put it another way , the Capable and Attractive Attorney inquires : Why does every black leader who ever shook hands with Louis Farrakhan have to apologize , but Trent Lott is walking around free ?
to put it another way , the capable and attractive attorney [asks] : why does every black leader who ever shook hands with louis farrakhan have to apologize , but trent lott is walking around free ?

Doctors will be required to hire a privacy `` point person , '' says the LAT , who will be trained to edit records for release ; currently , when an employer inquires about a job-related injury , for example , he is usually given the employee 's entire record .
doctors will be required to hire a privacy `` point person , '' says the lat , who will be trained to edit records for release ; currently , when an employer [asks] about a job-related injury , for example , he is usually given the employee 's entire record .

Shawn -- '' with his usual hushed delicacy of speech and manner '' -- inquires of the novelist whether he could possibly reveal what prompted the creation of such an exquisite work .
shawn -- '' with his usual hushed delicacy of speech and manner '' -- [asks] of the novelist whether he could possibly reveal what prompted the creation of such an exquisite work .

Walters reasonably inquires , `` Ca n't you get that from your wife ? ''
walters reasonably [asks] , `` ca n't you get that from your wife ? ''

Walters inquires .
walters [asks] .

