Sir -- People continue to inquire the reason for the race for outer space .
sir -- people continue to [ask] the reason for the race for outer space .

Not a year goes by but what several local companies in the U.S. and Canada , even overseas , write to Fueloil & Oil Heat to inquire if it's feasible and where it is being done .
not a year goes by but what several local companies in the u.s. and canada , even overseas , write to fueloil & oil heat to [ask] if it's feasible and where it is being done .

Perier attempted to understand the problem by sending agents to inquire among the Indians .
perier attempted to understand the problem by sending agents to [ask] among the indians .

The other reason ( and the one with which I am here concerned ) is that one thus becomes inclined to inquire of any opinion , or change of opinion , whether it represents the wisdom of experience or is only the result of the difference between youth and age which is as inevitable as the all too obvious physical differences .
the other reason ( and the one with which i am here concerned ) is that one thus becomes inclined to [ask] of any opinion , or change of opinion , whether it represents the wisdom of experience or is only the result of the difference between youth and age which is as inevitable as the all too obvious physical differences .

`` I beg to inquire if the back is now safe for travelers '' , he said .
`` i beg to [ask] if the back is now safe for travelers '' , he said .

Jubal deduced what had happened but did not know with whom -- and didn't want to inquire .
jubal deduced what had happened but did not know with whom -- and didn't want to [ask] .

Mr Gallie , who is sponsoring the Carrying of Knives etc ( Scotland ) Bill , to outlaw carrying knives in public , has asked Lord James Douglas Hamilton , the Scottish home affairs minister , for his comments and to inquire if such a television programme would contravene European law .
mr gallie , who is sponsoring the carrying of knives etc ( scotland ) bill , to outlaw carrying knives in public , has asked lord james douglas hamilton , the scottish home affairs minister , for his comments and to [ask] if such a television programme would contravene european law .

Politicians should think and inquire before they speak trash .
politicians should think and [ask] before they speak trash .

They will have a statutory duty to inquire into offenders ' means and take these into account in sentencing , but they will be free to scale fines up or down at their discretion .
they will have a statutory duty to [ask] into offenders ' means and take these into account in sentencing , but they will be free to scale fines up or down at their discretion .

With hundreds of items to return police say anyone who wants to inquire about property should ring 0285 641 723 .
with hundreds of items to return police say anyone who wants to [ask] about property should ring 0285 641 723 .

We may inquire at this point whether non-cooperation and civil disobedience do not involve an element of coercion .
we may [ask] at this point whether non-cooperation and civil disobedience do not involve an element of coercion .

He might also inquire how a man can come to regard that which is the main purpose of his life as dispensable just in order to fit into the utilitarian formula .
he might also [ask] how a man can come to regard that which is the main purpose of his life as dispensable just in order to fit into the utilitarian formula .

We might pursue the matter further and inquire whether there are not different moralities in the same way as there are different religions grounded in different forms of life .
we might pursue the matter further and [ask] whether there are not different moralities in the same way as there are different religions grounded in different forms of life .

Because there is always room for doubt , we are always left with room to inquire .
because there is always room for doubt , we are always left with room to [ask] .

He does n't ask for reasons to believe and he does n't inquire into what is involved .
he does n't ask for reasons to believe and he does n't [ask] into what is involved .

The commonest ( although still rare ) type of statement is that if it appears that a Bill has passed both Houses and received the Royal Assent , no court of justice can inquire into the mode in which it was introduced into Parliament , nor into what was done previous to its introduction , nor what passed in Parliament during its progress in its various stages through Parliament ( see , e.g .
the commonest ( although still rare ) type of statement is that if it appears that a bill has passed both houses and received the royal assent , no court of justice can [ask] into the mode in which it was introduced into parliament , nor into what was done previous to its introduction , nor what passed in parliament during its progress in its various stages through parliament ( see , e.g .

To Hank 's intense relief , at no point did it occur to Boyd to inquire what the book was about .
to hank 's intense relief , at no point did it occur to boyd to [ask] what the book was about .

The call had been for Hank , and had been from one of his classmates , who said that he just wanted to inquire how Hank was .
the call had been for hank , and had been from one of his classmates , who said that he just wanted to [ask] how hank was .

Mrs Stych did not want to offend the queen of the social columns by arguing with her , so when that lady went on to inquire when the newspaper could send a photographer , Mrs Stych said in her most gracious tone of voice that the whole family would be at home that evening any time after six .
mrs stych did not want to offend the queen of the social columns by arguing with her , so when that lady went on to [ask] when the newspaper could send a photographer , mrs stych said in her most gracious tone of voice that the whole family would be at home that evening any time after six .

The day was overcast and it was becoming difficult to see what he was typing , so , about noon , when imagination began to fail him , he walked up to the house to inquire from Dorothy whether Isobel would mind if he had better lighting installed in the garage , provided he paid far it .
the day was overcast and it was becoming difficult to see what he was typing , so , about noon , when imagination began to fail him , he walked up to the house to [ask] from dorothy whether isobel would mind if he had better lighting installed in the garage , provided he paid far it .

He had had to ask Hank the name of the principal and what courses he had been taking , since he had never bothered to inquire about these before .
he had had to ask hank the name of the principal and what courses he had been taking , since he had never bothered to [ask] about these before .

Vivid Publishing in Los Altos , California , makers of the TypeView font utility for Next , has come up with an environmentally aware software packaging scheme it 's calling EarthPack and challenging other software vendors to do the same : it 's making the specifications available to any who inquire and will license the EarthPack name free of charge .
vivid publishing in los altos , california , makers of the typeview font utility for next , has come up with an environmentally aware software packaging scheme it 's calling earthpack and challenging other software vendors to do the same : it 's making the specifications available to any who [ask] and will license the earthpack name free of charge .

It is futile to inquire into the causation of verbal behaviour until much more is known about the specific character of this behaviour ; and there is little point in speculating about processes of acquisition without much better understanding of what is acquired .
it is futile to [ask] into the causation of verbal behaviour until much more is known about the specific character of this behaviour ; and there is little point in speculating about processes of acquisition without much better understanding of what is acquired .

In 1912 the Labour Party overcame its caution sufficiently to agree at least to inquire into the feasibility of such a strike .
in 1912 the labour party overcame its caution sufficiently to agree at least to [ask] into the feasibility of such a strike .

But inquire where they were when the news of Margaret Thatcher 's resignation as Prime Minister came through and most will gaze at you blankly .
but [ask] where they were when the news of margaret thatcher 's resignation as prime minister came through and most will gaze at you blankly .

’ The authority to issue cattle vouchers enhanced the power and status of a headman , but many of those assigned to this task could not see why they should take the trouble to inquire into the origins of the cattle concerned .
’ the authority to issue cattle vouchers enhanced the power and status of a headman , but many of those assigned to this task could not see why they should take the trouble to [ask] into the origins of the cattle concerned .

But in older elite studies ‘ To know who the power wielding individuals are is thought to be sufficient ; it is a secondary matter to inquire into how they use their power .
but in older elite studies ‘ to know who the power wielding individuals are is thought to be sufficient ; it is a secondary matter to [ask] into how they use their power .

And he had no need to inquire the way .
and he had no need to [ask] the way .

Turning to ( a ) in the question , the traditional rule is that the court will not inquire into the mode of user of an undoubted prerogative or privilege .
turning to ( a ) in the question , the traditional rule is that the court will not [ask] into the mode of user of an undoubted prerogative or privilege .

As to ( b ) , the rule is that the court will inquire into the limits of both prerogative and privilege .
as to ( b ) , the rule is that the court will [ask] into the limits of both prerogative and privilege .

The House might decide to act on its own by appointing a committee to inquire into the matter or a private member might move resolutions or introduce his own measure .
the house might decide to act on its own by appointing a committee to [ask] into the matter or a private member might move resolutions or introduce his own measure .

In 1990 , Lord Justice Woolf was appointed to inquire into the circumstances surrounding the riot at Strangeways prison and associated matters .
in 1990 , lord justice woolf was appointed to [ask] into the circumstances surrounding the riot at strangeways prison and associated matters .

If an Act is challenged on the basis that there have been procedural defects during its passage through Parliament , will the courts look behind the formal words of enactment and inquire whether the requirements of the common law have been satisfied ?
if an act is challenged on the basis that there have been procedural defects during its passage through parliament , will the courts look behind the formal words of enactment and [ask] whether the requirements of the common law have been satisfied ?

We shall inquire presently whether we should ask informants what things mean ; let us first consider whether words are the most appropriate items of language on which to elicit judgement .
we shall [ask] presently whether we should ask informants what things mean ; let us first consider whether words are the most appropriate items of language on which to elicit judgement .

, one into which it was not empowered to inquire and so had no jurisdiction to determine .
, one into which it was not empowered to [ask] and so had no jurisdiction to determine .

, one into which it was not empowered to inquire and so had no jurisiction to determine .
, one into which it was not empowered to [ask] and so had no jurisiction to determine .

‘ If the sentence be given by the proper visitor , created so by the founder , or by the law , you shall never inquire into the validity , or ground of the sentence … private and particular corporations for charity , founded and endowed by private persons , are subject to the private government of those who erect them … if [ the visitor ] hath conusance of the matter and person , and he gives a sentence , it must have some effect to make a vacancy , be it never so wrong .
‘ if the sentence be given by the proper visitor , created so by the founder , or by the law , you shall never [ask] into the validity , or ground of the sentence … private and particular corporations for charity , founded and endowed by private persons , are subject to the private government of those who erect them … if [ the visitor ] hath conusance of the matter and person , and he gives a sentence , it must have some effect to make a vacancy , be it never so wrong .

Natural scientists do not inquire into the meanings and purposes of matter for the obvious reason of their absence .
natural scientists do not [ask] into the meanings and purposes of matter for the obvious reason of their absence .

‘ He can excuse himself by showing that the escape was owing to the plaintiff 's default ; or perhaps that the escape was the consequence of vis major , or the act of God ; but as nothing of this sort exists here , it is unnecessary to inquire what excuse would be sufficient .
‘ he can excuse himself by showing that the escape was owing to the plaintiff 's default ; or perhaps that the escape was the consequence of vis major , or the act of god ; but as nothing of this sort exists here , it is unnecessary to [ask] what excuse would be sufficient .

’ There is , however , no general duty actively to inquire about contracts between others .
’ there is , however , no general duty actively to [ask] about contracts between others .

Practice and research are intertwined ; good doctors have an obligation to inquire as well as to provide a clinical service , and codes of conduct and ethical guidelines that recommend different rules for practice and research create an undesirable dichotomy that itself has ethical implications .
practice and research are intertwined ; good doctors have an obligation to [ask] as well as to provide a clinical service , and codes of conduct and ethical guidelines that recommend different rules for practice and research create an undesirable dichotomy that itself has ethical implications .

Then , ‘ There 's been no change , you may inquire again in the evening .
then , ‘ there 's been no change , you may [ask] again in the evening .

We are very willing to accept that those parts of the judges ' visitorial jurisdiction which were not incident to the administration of justice in the courts passed down through the routes suggested by Sir William and Professor Baker , but in the context of the present case , where the court has for the first time to inquire into the particular function which is being performed , we are not satisfied that the whole of the visitorial jurisdiction passed by this route .
we are very willing to accept that those parts of the judges ' visitorial jurisdiction which were not incident to the administration of justice in the courts passed down through the routes suggested by sir william and professor baker , but in the context of the present case , where the court has for the first time to [ask] into the particular function which is being performed , we are not satisfied that the whole of the visitorial jurisdiction passed by this route .

‘ that the taxing master shall inquire and state whether any and which of the disputed items marked in red ink in the bill are fair and proper to be allowed , and to what amount respectively .
‘ that the taxing master shall [ask] and state whether any and which of the disputed items marked in red ink in the bill are fair and proper to be allowed , and to what amount respectively .

Thus , recognition by Her Majesty 's Government was the decisive matter and the courts had no role save to inquire of the executive whether or not it had recognised the government in question .
thus , recognition by her majesty 's government was the decisive matter and the courts had no role save to [ask] of the executive whether or not it had recognised the government in question .

As a matter of principle , if a deed has been executed by a donee of a power of attorney apparently acting within the terms of the power , a purchaser does not , in my judgment , have to inquire further into the substance of the transaction .
as a matter of principle , if a deed has been executed by a donee of a power of attorney apparently acting within the terms of the power , a purchaser does not , in my judgment , have to [ask] further into the substance of the transaction .

From these observations the task before the court on this appeal can be distilled in this form : the court is concerned to inquire as to the persons with respect to whom Parliament is presumed to have been legislating when using the expression , ‘ any person , ’ and in making that inquiry Parliament is to be taken to have been legislating only for British subjects or foreigners coming to the United Kingdom , unless the contrary is expressed ( which it is not here ) or is plainly implicit .
from these observations the task before the court on this appeal can be distilled in this form : the court is concerned to [ask] as to the persons with respect to whom parliament is presumed to have been legislating when using the expression , ‘ any person , ’ and in making that inquiry parliament is to be taken to have been legislating only for british subjects or foreigners coming to the united kingdom , unless the contrary is expressed ( which it is not here ) or is plainly implicit .

The convenient course is to inquire , first , whether , on that approach , the registrar 's order is oppressive to [ the appellants ] ; secondly , whether the documents required by the administrators are reasonably required for the discharge of their duties and , if so , whether their requirements outweigh any oppression to [ the appellants ] .
the convenient course is to [ask] , first , whether , on that approach , the registrar 's order is oppressive to [ the appellants ] ; secondly , whether the documents required by the administrators are reasonably required for the discharge of their duties and , if so , whether their requirements outweigh any oppression to [ the appellants ] .

( 2 ) On receiving the claim the Board shall inquire into the matter and shall , subject to the provisions of this section , give by way of repayment such relief … in respect of the error or mistake as is reasonable and just : Provided that no relief shall be given under this section in respect of an error or mistake as to the basis on which the liability of the claimant ought to have been computed where the return was in fact made on the basis or in accordance with the practice generally prevailing at the time when the return was made .
( 2 ) on receiving the claim the board shall [ask] into the matter and shall , subject to the provisions of this section , give by way of repayment such relief … in respect of the error or mistake as is reasonable and just : provided that no relief shall be given under this section in respect of an error or mistake as to the basis on which the liability of the claimant ought to have been computed where the return was in fact made on the basis or in accordance with the practice generally prevailing at the time when the return was made .

’ But any conflict between this rule and the duty to inquire ‘ how ’ the deceased came by his death must be decided in favour of the statutory duty .
’ but any conflict between this rule and the duty to [ask] ‘ how ’ the deceased came by his death must be decided in favour of the statutory duty .

‘ Such conflict as may in any given circumstance appear to arise between rule 33 ’ — of the Coroners Rules 1953 , the equivalent of the present rule 42 — ‘ and the duty to inquire ‘ how ’ must be resolved in favour of the statutory duty to inquire whatever the consequences of this may be .
‘ such conflict as may in any given circumstance appear to arise between rule 33 ’ — of the coroners rules 1953 , the equivalent of the present rule 42 — ‘ and the duty to [ask] ‘ how ’ must be resolved in favour of the statutory duty to [ask] whatever the consequences of this may be .

The insolvency practitioner appointed to prepare a report must inquire into the debtor 's affairs and submit a report to the court within the time limited by the court , stating whether the debtor is willing to enter into a voluntary arrangement ( see section 9 below ) and whether a meeting of the debtor 's creditors should be convened and if so , where and when .
the insolvency practitioner appointed to prepare a report must [ask] into the debtor 's affairs and submit a report to the court within the time limited by the court , stating whether the debtor is willing to enter into a voluntary arrangement ( see section 9 below ) and whether a meeting of the debtor 's creditors should be convened and if so , where and when .

Davide was walking now down the street which intersected with the woman 's shop ; she still gave sheets of pink blotting paper for change , and a photograph of her son was pinned up on the shelf behind her till ; the news was that he was in the army , but Davide was ashamed to inquire what that report concealed .
davide was walking now down the street which intersected with the woman 's shop ; she still gave sheets of pink blotting paper for change , and a photograph of her son was pinned up on the shelf behind her till ; the news was that he was in the army , but davide was ashamed to [ask] what that report concealed .

If one was asked to produce a summary of the kind of case into which the tribunal was intended to inquire one would do so by looking at the situations which the tribunal has to determine which are mentioned in the statute .
if one was asked to produce a summary of the kind of case into which the tribunal was intended to [ask] one would do so by looking at the situations which the tribunal has to determine which are mentioned in the statute .

This is the extent to which the courts will inquire whether the meaning of a term is satisfied by the evidence before the decision-maker .
this is the extent to which the courts will [ask] whether the meaning of a term is satisfied by the evidence before the decision-maker .

‘ If a judgment requires , before it can be made , the existence of some facts then , although the evaluation of those facts is for the Secretary of State alone , the court must inquire whether those facts exist , and have been taken into account , whether the judgment has been made upon a proper self-direction as to those facts , whether the judgment has not been made upon other facts which ought not to have been taken into account .
‘ if a judgment requires , before it can be made , the existence of some facts then , although the evaluation of those facts is for the secretary of state alone , the court must [ask] whether those facts exist , and have been taken into account , whether the judgment has been made upon a proper self-direction as to those facts , whether the judgment has not been made upon other facts which ought not to have been taken into account .

During the commission set up in 1888 to inquire into charges made by The Times against Charles Stewart Parnell [ q.v . ]
during the commission set up in 1888 to [ask] into charges made by the times against charles stewart parnell [ q.v . ]

Since to have sexual intercourse without her consent is to do her great harm , it is not unjust for the law to require that he inquire carefully into consent and , it may be added , process that information carefully as well .
since to have sexual intercourse without her consent is to do her great harm , it is not unjust for the law to require that he [ask] carefully into consent and , it may be added , process that information carefully as well .

In difficult economic times , solicitors may also inquire about the general creditworthiness of individuals .
in difficult economic times , solicitors may also [ask] about the general creditworthiness of individuals .

Even gentlemen who did not normally display interest in babies sent anxiously to inquire about its progress .
even gentlemen who did not normally display interest in babies sent anxiously to [ask] about its progress .

We should inquire whether there are other theories capable of giving better explanations before abandoning the one we have .
we should [ask] whether there are other theories capable of giving better explanations before abandoning the one we have .

First , we shall have to inquire into what is meant by a multiproduct natural monopoly , in particular into the cost conditions that are associated with it .
first , we shall have to [ask] into what is meant by a multiproduct natural monopoly , in particular into the cost conditions that are associated with it .

When antagonized by Jesuits proffering supernatural explanations for cures that he considered natural , he would retaliate with ‘ let the divine inquire concerning God , but the naturalist concerning nature .
when antagonized by jesuits proffering supernatural explanations for cures that he considered natural , he would retaliate with ‘ let the divine [ask] concerning god , but the naturalist concerning nature .

When a judge , particularly one with Lord Scarman 's breadth of mind , is appointed to inquire into an outbreak of violence and serious disorders on the streets of Brixton and the policing of the area , it is unrealistic to expect him to avoid any recommendations of a political nature as to the causes .
when a judge , particularly one with lord scarman 's breadth of mind , is appointed to [ask] into an outbreak of violence and serious disorders on the streets of brixton and the policing of the area , it is unrealistic to expect him to avoid any recommendations of a political nature as to the causes .

At the start of the next session , mindful of the head of steam that had built up on the issue , Ede announced that the Government had decided to recommend the appointment of a Royal Commission to inquire into the possible limitation or modification of the death penalty .
at the start of the next session , mindful of the head of steam that had built up on the issue , ede announced that the government had decided to recommend the appointment of a royal commission to [ask] into the possible limitation or modification of the death penalty .

The Royal Commission on Assizes and Quarter Sessions was enjoined to inquire into the arrangements for the administration of justice at Assizes and Quarter Sessions , and
the royal commission on assizes and quarter sessions was enjoined to [ask] into the arrangements for the administration of justice at assizes and quarter sessions , and

They begin from a description of ‘ the ways in which the cultural heritage is transmitted in non-literate societies ’ and then inquire ‘ how these ways are changed by the widespread adoption of an easy and effective means of written communication ’ ( ibid . )
they begin from a description of ‘ the ways in which the cultural heritage is transmitted in non-literate societies ’ and then [ask] ‘ how these ways are changed by the widespread adoption of an easy and effective means of written communication ’ ( ibid . )

They were both widows , so there was no husband 's welfare to inquire about .
they were both widows , so there was no husband 's welfare to [ask] about .

One of the first decisions of the reformed Parliament elected in 1833 was to appoint a Royal Commission staffed ‘ by eager young intellectuals of Whig opinions ’ to inquire into the municipal corporations ( Webb and Webb 1963 : 141 ) .
one of the first decisions of the reformed parliament elected in 1833 was to appoint a royal commission staffed ‘ by eager young intellectuals of whig opinions ’ to [ask] into the municipal corporations ( webb and webb 1963 : 141 ) .

They were to inquire , among other matters , ‘ into practices and procedures governing the conduct of local authority business in Great Britain , with particular reference to :
they were to [ask] , among other matters , ‘ into practices and procedures governing the conduct of local authority business in great britain , with particular reference to :

In October 1989 a judicial commission had been set up to inquire into alleged destabilization at the university ; some lecturers feared that the findings of the inquiry would be used as a pretext to dismiss teaching staff and to suppress trade union activity on the campus .
in october 1989 a judicial commission had been set up to [ask] into alleged destabilization at the university ; some lecturers feared that the findings of the inquiry would be used as a pretext to dismiss teaching staff and to suppress trade union activity on the campus .

We were causally checking the route up America 's Pacific Coast , with the GRiD perched on the bonnet , ( sorry hood ) of our somewhat huge Chrysler Imperial when a ‘ Black & White ’ ( Police car to you and me ) stopped behind . One officer came up to inquire of our purpose , while the other kept at a respectable distance hand on his holstered gun ! Do laptop users look that suspicious ?
we were causally checking the route up america 's pacific coast , with the grid perched on the bonnet , ( sorry hood ) of our somewhat huge chrysler imperial when a ‘ black & white ’ ( police car to you and me ) stopped behind . one officer came up to [ask] of our purpose , while the other kept at a respectable distance hand on his holstered gun ! do laptop users look that suspicious ?

‘ My name , sir , since you inquire so civilly , is Bodenland .
‘ my name , sir , since you [ask] so civilly , is bodenland .

It pays to inquire .
it pays to [ask] .

However , Lord Justice Woolf was asked to inquire into Strangeways and the other riots .
however , lord justice woolf was asked to [ask] into strangeways and the other riots .

We have next to inquire what causes govern supply prices , that is prices which dealers are willing to accept for different amounts .
we have next to [ask] what causes govern supply prices , that is prices which dealers are willing to accept for different amounts .

We have already inquired to some extent , and we shall have to inquire further , how far these assumptions are in accordance with the actual facts of life .
we have already inquired to some extent , and we shall have to [ask] further , how far these assumptions are in accordance with the actual facts of life .

Let us suppose that a person well acquainted with the woollen trade sets himself to inquire what would be the normal supply price of a certain number of millions of yards annually of a particular kind of cloth .
let us suppose that a person well acquainted with the woollen trade sets himself to [ask] what would be the normal supply price of a certain number of millions of yards annually of a particular kind of cloth .

‘ She asked me to inquire about the case .
‘ she asked me to [ask] about the case .

They will not inquire into the adequacy of the consideration he has asked for and received .
they will not [ask] into the adequacy of the consideration he has asked for and received .

There are exceptions to the rule that the court will not inquire into the adequacy of the consideration .
there are exceptions to the rule that the court will not [ask] into the adequacy of the consideration .

Does not the court indicate that it is necessary to inquire into the adequacy of the consideration in cases of this type ? What principle determines whether a case falls within the category where adequacy of consideration is relevant ?
does not the court indicate that it is necessary to [ask] into the adequacy of the consideration in cases of this type ? what principle determines whether a case falls within the category where adequacy of consideration is relevant ?

First , that where a matter paid and accepted in satisfaction of a debt certain might by any possibility be more beneficial to the creditor than his debt , the court will not inquire into the adequacy of the consideration .
first , that where a matter paid and accepted in satisfaction of a debt certain might by any possibility be more beneficial to the creditor than his debt , the court will not [ask] into the adequacy of the consideration .

Toby would have liked to inquire further , but had feared a snub at his age and inexperience .
toby would have liked to [ask] further , but had feared a snub at his age and inexperience .

Now family reasons can be anything from baby 's colic to a wife running off with the milkman , and there is no arguing with them , because it is indelicate to inquire further , and potentially embarrassing to boot .
now family reasons can be anything from baby 's colic to a wife running off with the milkman , and there is no arguing with them , because it is indelicate to [ask] further , and potentially embarrassing to boot .

Thus , the interview is often used to inquire into the beliefs and values of a particular social group on the supposition that these are crucial to the explanation of the behaviour of the members of the group .
thus , the interview is often used to [ask] into the beliefs and values of a particular social group on the supposition that these are crucial to the explanation of the behaviour of the members of the group .

Grósz said that he became aware of the deployment only after he became Prime Minister in 1987 [ see p. 35593 ] and did `` not inquire as to when and how they were brought here `` .
grósz said that he became aware of the deployment only after he became prime minister in 1987 [ see p. 35593 ] and did `` not [ask] as to when and how they were brought here `` .

If the accused falls below that standard , it seems strange to inquire whether he knew that he fell below it .
if the accused falls below that standard , it seems strange to [ask] whether he knew that he fell below it .

That is , one has to inquire into the potential victim 's state of mind : would he have cared ?
that is , one has to [ask] into the potential victim 's state of mind : would he have cared ?

Furthermore , most migrants defined themselves as English speakers : it must be said that Jamaicans consider themselves speakers of English , and are offended when ignorant English people inquire what their mother tongue might be .
furthermore , most migrants defined themselves as english speakers : it must be said that jamaicans consider themselves speakers of english , and are offended when ignorant english people [ask] what their mother tongue might be .

Group Captain Glaister , a professor of aviation medicine who is involved in the testing , said at Farnborough yesterday : ‘ We will inquire upon the symptoms of increasing sickness , so that they can stop before they actually have to use a paper bag . ’
group captain glaister , a professor of aviation medicine who is involved in the testing , said at farnborough yesterday : ‘ we will [ask] upon the symptoms of increasing sickness , so that they can stop before they actually have to use a paper bag . ’

When a subject sought from the king some licence or privilege within the forest , the Justice was usually ordered to make a preliminary inquiry ad quod damnum — that is , to inquire by means of a local jury as to the extent of the loss which the Crown would suffer if the grant were made .
when a subject sought from the king some licence or privilege within the forest , the justice was usually ordered to make a preliminary inquiry ad quod damnum — that is , to [ask] by means of a local jury as to the extent of the loss which the crown would suffer if the grant were made .

In November 1341 , for instance , Robert Parning the Chancellor , Bartholomew Burghersh , Justice of the Forest south of Trent , and two other judges were appointed to inquire into , hear and determine and punish ‘ trespasses , wastes and excesses ’ committed by the officers of the Forest and other royal officials in Northamptonshire .
in november 1341 , for instance , robert parning the chancellor , bartholomew burghersh , justice of the forest south of trent , and two other judges were appointed to [ask] into , hear and determine and punish ‘ trespasses , wastes and excesses ’ committed by the officers of the forest and other royal officials in northamptonshire .

‘ The truth in question is hidden , lying concealed beneath appearances ; we must then inquire , since its nature is not open to us , whether it is still possible to know it through some sign and whether we have a criterion by which we may recognize the sign and judge what the thing truly is .
‘ the truth in question is hidden , lying concealed beneath appearances ; we must then [ask] , since its nature is not open to us , whether it is still possible to know it through some sign and whether we have a criterion by which we may recognize the sign and judge what the thing truly is .

To inquire into ‘ the original , certainty , and extent ’ of human knowledge was the explicit aim of Locke 's great masterpiece , the Essay .
to [ask] into ‘ the original , certainty , and extent ’ of human knowledge was the explicit aim of locke 's great masterpiece , the essay .

Neither were the auditors able to find Heritage 's former president , Joseph Mollicone , to inquire where the money might be .
neither were the auditors able to find heritage 's former president , joseph mollicone , to [ask] where the money might be .

First , one has to inquire whether any amount of aid , however massive , can save Russia and the other republics from imploding .
first , one has to [ask] whether any amount of aid , however massive , can save russia and the other republics from imploding .

You might , for example , inquire after Richard Dunwoody , whose Becher 's Brook fall on the much-fancied Brown Windsor was just one of the six times he hit the ground during the three-day meeting .
you might , for example , [ask] after richard dunwoody , whose becher 's brook fall on the much-fancied brown windsor was just one of the six times he hit the ground during the three-day meeting .

They inquire about the who , what , when , where , and why of the art object ; often the object itself suggests which of these questions should be pursued .
they [ask] about the who , what , when , where , and why of the art object ; often the object itself suggests which of these questions should be pursued .

While someone such as Ben Crenshaw will inquire routinely with a smile , even of a stranger : ‘ Hi , how are you ?
while someone such as ben crenshaw will [ask] routinely with a smile , even of a stranger : ‘ hi , how are you ?

They will then be able to offer advice and first hand experience when parents inquire about good local schools .
they will then be able to offer advice and first hand experience when parents [ask] about good local schools .

When parents visit your school to seek to transfer a child from your neighbour it 's a chance to casually inquire about the relative strengths and attractions of the schools .
when parents visit your school to seek to transfer a child from your neighbour it 's a chance to casually [ask] about the relative strengths and attractions of the schools .

’ , or should one ask a separate question regarding its authority in matters of taxation , or perhaps one should inquire separately concerning its authority in matters of corporate taxation and personal taxation ?
’ , or should one ask a separate question regarding its authority in matters of taxation , or perhaps one should [ask] separately concerning its authority in matters of corporate taxation and personal taxation ?

In the aftermath of the April 1981 riots in Brixton the Home Secretary , William Whitelaw , used his powers under the 1964 Police Act to appoint Lord Scarman to inquire into the events , produce a report , and make recommendations .
in the aftermath of the april 1981 riots in brixton the home secretary , william whitelaw , used his powers under the 1964 police act to appoint lord scarman to [ask] into the events , produce a report , and make recommendations .

Call our Sales Department to inquire about reseller , education , or government quantity discounts .
call our sales department to [ask] about reseller , education , or government quantity discounts .

On 9 October , 1912 the Football League appointed a commission to inquire into alleged illegal payments by the club .
on 9 october , 1912 the football league appointed a commission to [ask] into alleged illegal payments by the club .

This was to come to light two years later when the Football Association appointed a commission to inquire into allegations that Sir Henry had offered financial inducements above the legal fees to attract players to Highbury and that he had diverted club funds to his private account .
this was to come to light two years later when the football association appointed a commission to [ask] into allegations that sir henry had offered financial inducements above the legal fees to attract players to highbury and that he had diverted club funds to his private account .

Chapman 's response was to inquire after Grimsby marksman Ernie Coleman and Sheffield United 's record goal-scorer , Irish international Jimmy Dunne , both possible successors to Lambert .
chapman 's response was to [ask] after grimsby marksman ernie coleman and sheffield united 's record goal-scorer , irish international jimmy dunne , both possible successors to lambert .

in financial straits , from quaere ( Lat. ) meaning ‘ inquire ’ , a mark made by tradesmen in their ledgers against the names of customers whose solvency they doubted .
in financial straits , from quaere ( lat. ) meaning ‘ [ask] ’ , a mark made by tradesmen in their ledgers against the names of customers whose solvency they doubted .

With Angel gone there was no need to humble herself and inquire if he had at last returned to work .
with angel gone there was no need to humble herself and [ask] if he had at last returned to work .

When potential investors , and more particularly their banks , look at the possibility of setting up in a district , they invariably inquire about the water supply and the standards and controls of effluents and sewerage systems .
when potential investors , and more particularly their banks , look at the possibility of setting up in a district , they invariably [ask] about the water supply and the standards and controls of effluents and sewerage systems .

One might properly inquire how the idea of the nation ’ s expressing its will differs from “ We the People ” acting in concert for the sake of a better government .
one might properly [ask] how the idea of the nation ’ s expressing its will differs from “ we the people ” acting in concert for the sake of a better government .

The mandate of equal justice for men and women requires that we inquire whether in light of the existing power structure , the participation of the women is really voluntary .
the mandate of equal justice for men and women requires that we [ask] whether in light of the existing power structure , the participation of the women is really voluntary .

In all cases , inquire first at tourist information offices about the necessary fishing permits .
in all cases , [ask] first at tourist information offices about the necessary fishing permits .

On the outlying islands , Cheung Chau and Cheung Sha are on Lantau , and Hung Shing Ye and Lo Shing on Lamma ; inquire about water pollution levels .
on the outlying islands , cheung chau and cheung sha are on lantau , and hung shing ye and lo shing on lamma ; [ask] about water pollution levels .

Tickets can now be reserved in advance ( inquire at your hotel or the tourist office ) .
tickets can now be reserved in advance ( [ask] at your hotel or the tourist office ) .

Remember that ceramics can be heavy and fragile to carry home ; inquire about shipping options .
remember that ceramics can be heavy and fragile to carry home ; [ask] about shipping options .

Gentilello concurred , commenting that insurance claims data can be a useful source of follow-up data , as can a simple phone call to inquire whether a patient has returned to the doctor recently .
gentilello concurred , commenting that insurance claims data can be a useful source of follow-up data , as can a simple phone call to [ask] whether a patient has returned to the doctor recently .

The Vice President « s August 2 letter noted that section 717 authorizes GAO to review the ƒresults≈ of agency programs and activities and stated that `` the Comptroller General is not evaluating the 'results ' of the Group 's work ; he is attempting to inquire into the process by which the results of the Group 's work were reached . ''
the vice president « s august 2 letter noted that section 717 authorizes gao to review the ƒresults≈ of agency programs and activities and stated that `` the comptroller general is not evaluating the 'results ' of the group 's work ; he is attempting to [ask] into the process by which the results of the group 's work were reached . ''

Title 7 , `` Fiscal Guidance , '' provides guidance in several areas including areas covering our responsibility to settle accounts of accountable officers , issue internal control standards , and respond to agencies that inquire about these matters .
title 7 , `` fiscal guidance , '' provides guidance in several areas including areas covering our responsibility to settle accounts of accountable officers , issue internal control standards , and respond to agencies that [ask] about these matters .

The interested reader should inquire about the possibility of additional papers in the series .
the interested reader should [ask] about the possibility of additional papers in the series .

It is not the mandated , nondistortable function of the courts to inquire into all `` serious questions of statutory validity '' in all cases .
it is not the mandated , nondistortable function of the courts to [ask] into all `` serious questions of statutory validity '' in all cases .

Such a document could provide both notice and a checklist , inviting a president-elect to inquire and learn more .
such a document could provide both notice and a checklist , inviting a president-elect to [ask] and learn more .

He called an Afghanistan-based facilitator to inquire into whether Bin Ladin wanted to take credit for the attack , but he did not get a reply .
he called an afghanistan-based facilitator to [ask] into whether bin ladin wanted to take credit for the attack , but he did not get a reply .

All but Ahmad al Haznawi , who called his aunt to inquire about his sick mother , ceased contact with their families about six months before the attacks .
all but ahmad al haznawi , who called his aunt to [ask] about his sick mother , ceased contact with their families about six months before the attacks .

However , the failure to inquire or report an important agent such as a statin may be a clinical oversight in itself and contribute to therapeutic gaps .
however , the failure to [ask] or report an important agent such as a statin may be a clinical oversight in itself and contribute to therapeutic gaps .

A spokesman for the Irish government said , `` We do n't inquire '' ; diplomats from the Netherlands and Sweden , which recognize same-sex partnerships as equal to marriages , said discretion is used when posting gay officials to sexually conservative countries ; and a Swedish embassy spokesman said the country has `` two or three '' gay ambassadors abroad .
a spokesman for the irish government said , `` we do n't [ask] '' ; diplomats from the netherlands and sweden , which recognize same-sex partnerships as equal to marriages , said discretion is used when posting gay officials to sexually conservative countries ; and a swedish embassy spokesman said the country has `` two or three '' gay ambassadors abroad .

Sure , these people are unhappy that she did n't come to them to kiss their rings and inquire before she took a stand on any issues they claim to care about .
sure , these people are unhappy that she did n't come to them to kiss their rings and [ask] before she took a stand on any issues they claim to care about .

Bobby Kennedy , gearing up in the fall of 1959 to manage his brother 's upcoming presidential run , visited Lyndon Johnson 's Texas ranch to inquire after the Senate majority leader 's presidential ambitions .
bobby kennedy , gearing up in the fall of 1959 to manage his brother 's upcoming presidential run , visited lyndon johnson 's texas ranch to [ask] after the senate majority leader 's presidential ambitions .

Under Gore 's second position , Gore wo n't know who personally agrees or disagrees with his policy , since he says he wo n't inquire into the actual views of Chiefs candidates .
under gore 's second position , gore wo n't know who personally agrees or disagrees with his policy , since he says he wo n't [ask] into the actual views of chiefs candidates .

He never said in the New Hampshire debate that he would inquire into their personal convictions .
he never said in the new hampshire debate that he would [ask] into their personal convictions .

I defy you to find a place in that transcript where he ever said he would inquire into someone 's personal position .
i defy you to find a place in that transcript where he ever said he would [ask] into someone 's personal position .

Chatterbox is especially perplexed by Benetton 's reluctance to investigate -- even inquire about -- the guilt or innocence of these death-row inmates .
chatterbox is especially perplexed by benetton 's reluctance to investigate -- even [ask] about -- the guilt or innocence of these death-row inmates .

I called U-Haul to inquire about its rental policies .
i called u-haul to [ask] about its rental policies .

The New York Times does n't front Kosovo , its lead instead illustrating another step America is taking from an investigation of government to a government of investigation with the news that the DOJ is considering appointing a special prosecutor to inquire into charges of misconduct by Kenneth Starr .
the new york times does n't front kosovo , its lead instead illustrating another step america is taking from an investigation of government to a government of investigation with the news that the doj is considering appointing a special prosecutor to [ask] into charges of misconduct by kenneth starr .

We might well inquire whether a language lacking a certain distinction ( like that between eyelids and eyelashes ) also lacks other distinctions ( and shares the lacks with other languages ) .
we might well [ask] whether a language lacking a certain distinction ( like that between eyelids and eyelashes ) also lacks other distinctions ( and shares the lacks with other languages ) .

Customers sometimes inquire about the word and laugh when it is translated ; it is confined to print and may be considered an encapsulated piece of real-estate trade jargon without the currency of your older .
customers sometimes [ask] about the word and laugh when it is translated ; it is confined to print and may be considered an encapsulated piece of real-estate trade jargon without the currency of your older .

I do not know how many copies were printed or how much they cost , but I urge you to inquire and get two copies if you can , one to keep and one to give to someone else who loves language .
i do not know how many copies were printed or how much they cost , but i urge you to [ask] and get two copies if you can , one to keep and one to give to someone else who loves language .

