What he can do is instill a sense of purpose and energy that 's been missing for years .
what he can do is [introduce] a sense of purpose and energy that 's been missing for years .

‘ It is shocking that Unionists should attempt to use bullying tactics to instill fear into staff and stop them from voicing what they believed to be genuine concerns . ’
‘ it is shocking that unionists should attempt to use bullying tactics to [introduce] fear into staff and stop them from voicing what they believed to be genuine concerns . ’

No woman can take her personal safety for granted and every parent must instill into their children the need to be vigilant and sensible .
no woman can take her personal safety for granted and every parent must [introduce] into their children the need to be vigilant and sensible .

Elected or unelected public officials can normally maintain and strengthen their support in society , alter the attitudes of opponents , and neutralize , weaken or instill uncertainty amongst their enemies .
elected or unelected public officials can normally maintain and strengthen their support in society , alter the attitudes of opponents , and neutralize , weaken or [introduce] uncertainty amongst their enemies .

Managing culture comes full circle : the need to instill values is driven by the need for those values to be available to guide people 's activities .
managing culture comes full circle : the need to [introduce] values is driven by the need for those values to be available to guide people 's activities .

Intellectual function is damaged so that thought processes and the capacity to instill any form of order into personal and professional life progressively deteriorates .
intellectual function is damaged so that thought processes and the capacity to [introduce] any form of order into personal and professional life progressively deteriorates .

Such influences serve to instill an awareness of one 's place in or relationship to society and the political system .
such influences serve to [introduce] an awareness of one 's place in or relationship to society and the political system .

This is , without doubt , a book for professionals who are not only thinking about quality , but who want to instill a fundamental change in the way people think about and do their work .
this is , without doubt , a book for professionals who are not only thinking about quality , but who want to [introduce] a fundamental change in the way people think about and do their work .

None of this criticism is aimed directly at Kylie , who does , in all fairness , endeavour to instill some life into a bunch of staid , production-line work outs that could never be anything more than pointless .
none of this criticism is aimed directly at kylie , who does , in all fairness , endeavour to [introduce] some life into a bunch of staid , production-line work outs that could never be anything more than pointless .

Thus , for example , Goldman has been accused of trying to instill Christianity — and his own particular brand of it — by the backdoor .
thus , for example , goldman has been accused of trying to [introduce] christianity — and his own particular brand of it — by the backdoor .

What you have to instill in them is that losing is insulting to their pride .
what you have to [introduce] in them is that losing is insulting to their pride .

It was their job to instill respect into these 50 young initiates — respect and the essential knowledge of womanhood : bitter knowledge ; sweet knowledge .
it was their job to [introduce] respect into these 50 young initiates — respect and the essential knowledge of womanhood : bitter knowledge ; sweet knowledge .

Remember too , we are trying to instill into our guests a feeling of comfort , quality , safety and security .
remember too , we are trying to [introduce] into our guests a feeling of comfort , quality , safety and security .

Nor does the book confine itself to a run-down of the different massage strokes ; it also ventures in to the territory of relaxation tips , body awareness exercises and meditation techniques to instill a sense of calm .
nor does the book confine itself to a run-down of the different massage strokes ; it also ventures in to the territory of relaxation tips , body awareness exercises and meditation techniques to [introduce] a sense of calm .

He has to come up with a strategy which will instill new financial disciplines in Polish industry and satisfy the demands of the workers/public en masse .
he has to come up with a strategy which will [introduce] new financial disciplines in polish industry and satisfy the demands of the workers/public en masse .

These scholars taught the ‘ liberal arts ’ which Charles sought to learn and instill in his court ; they do not correspond to our modern subjects of the same name , but have a wider philosophical and metaphysical basis .
these scholars taught the ‘ liberal arts ’ which charles sought to learn and [introduce] in his court ; they do not correspond to our modern subjects of the same name , but have a wider philosophical and metaphysical basis .

These authorities instill in us acceptance of life in this world and putting all our hopes into the illusion , or non-illusion , of the afterlife .
these authorities [introduce] in us acceptance of life in this world and putting all our hopes into the illusion , or non-illusion , of the afterlife .

It is noted that mostly women narrate these legends , among themselves or from mothers to daughters , in a didactic fashion , to instill fear in young women so that they will not disregard parental authority .
it is noted that mostly women narrate these legends , among themselves or from mothers to daughters , in a didactic fashion , to [introduce] fear in young women so that they will not disregard parental authority .

They instill a culture of accountability by adopting a positive and supportive attitude toward improvement and the achievement of established program outcomes .
they [introduce] a culture of accountability by adopting a positive and supportive attitude toward improvement and the achievement of established program outcomes .

Providing the SEC with Sufficient Resources to Restore Investor Confidence Participants uniformly agreed that the nation needs a strong , viable SEC to instill investor confidence in our markets .
providing the sec with sufficient resources to restore investor confidence participants uniformly agreed that the nation needs a strong , viable sec to [introduce] investor confidence in our markets .

Friends ' programs such as Young Library Leaders and the Love is Reading Together Week target young people and instill library habits at an early age .
friends ' programs such as young library leaders and the love is reading together week target young people and [introduce] library habits at an early age .

The movie says that getting high all the time can rot your brain and even kill you , but it 's not above going for Cheech & Chong-style laughs or blithely wallowing in the sense of community that drugs can instill .
the movie says that getting high all the time can rot your brain and even kill you , but it 's not above going for cheech & chong-style laughs or blithely wallowing in the sense of community that drugs can [introduce] .

Instead , he pledges `` to usher in the responsibility era , '' in which we will `` confront illegitimacy , '' instill `` discipline and love '' in juvenile justice , and accept that `` we 're responsible for our neighbors and helping in our communities . ''
instead , he pledges `` to usher in the responsibility era , '' in which we will `` confront illegitimacy , '' [introduce] `` discipline and love '' in juvenile justice , and accept that `` we 're responsible for our neighbors and helping in our communities . ''

Such a `` point , '' once made , could not resist the tendency to instill feelings of `` envy '' and ressentiment on the part of an author perhaps better compensated and perhaps more `` popular , '' but in the view of the critical intelligence -- if any such fitful and discredited light may still be conceived as being within our sphere -- not really as good as mine .
such a `` point , '' once made , could not resist the tendency to [introduce] feelings of `` envy '' and ressentiment on the part of an author perhaps better compensated and perhaps more `` popular , '' but in the view of the critical intelligence -- if any such fitful and discredited light may still be conceived as being within our sphere -- not really as good as mine .

Perhaps the only celebrity divorce where stepping out was not a factor was that of Michael Jackson and his wife , Debbie Rowe , a parting that even the tabloids had a hard time trying to instill with the slightest hint of dramatic tension .
perhaps the only celebrity divorce where stepping out was not a factor was that of michael jackson and his wife , debbie rowe , a parting that even the tabloids had a hard time trying to [introduce] with the slightest hint of dramatic tension .

As he tries to instill more and more tragedy into his work , it turns automatically to gold .
as he tries to [introduce] more and more tragedy into his work , it turns automatically to gold .

Benefit of the doubt , presumably some of the ads are not intended to sell products so much as to instill a frisson of imaginary consumption , the sort of shopping pornography that makes all of us so moist each December .
benefit of the doubt , presumably some of the ads are not intended to sell products so much as to [introduce] a frisson of imaginary consumption , the sort of shopping pornography that makes all of us so moist each december .

Assemblies , homecoming week festivities , car wash fund-raisers , pep rallies , proms , graduation ceremonies -- these rituals instill in their participants the `` school spirit '' that persuades many alumni to return to town every five years for reunions to celebrate high school 's glory days .
assemblies , homecoming week festivities , car wash fund-raisers , pep rallies , proms , graduation ceremonies -- these rituals [introduce] in their participants the `` school spirit '' that persuades many alumni to return to town every five years for reunions to celebrate high school 's glory days .

My favorite expert opinion comes from Dr. Dina Al-Refai , family medicine expert : `` All these aches may instill in the child a hatred towards the school and finally have a negative impact on his academic performance , she remarked . ''
my favorite expert opinion comes from dr. dina al-refai , family medicine expert : `` all these aches may [introduce] in the child a hatred towards the school and finally have a negative impact on his academic performance , she remarked . ''

How much patriotism could we instill by requiring our schoolchildren to chant I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of Henry ?
how much patriotism could we [introduce] by requiring our schoolchildren to chant i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of henry ?

