# explore, examine

The September-October term jury had been charged by Fulton Superior Court Judge Durwood Pye to investigate reports of possible `` irregularities '' in the hard-fought primary which was won by Mayor-nominate Ivan Allen Jr. .
the september-october term jury had been charged by fulton superior court judge durwood pye to [check out] reports of possible `` irregularities '' in the hard-fought primary which was won by mayor-nominate ivan allen jr. .

An assistant attorney general is directed to investigate .
an assistant attorney general is directed to [check out] .

$15,000 to pay six policemen assigned as dog catchers and $15,000 to investigate dog bites .
$15,000 to pay six policemen assigned as dog catchers and $15,000 to [check out] dog bites .

With its power to investigate , the Senate can paralyze the Secretary by keeping him in a state of perpetual testimony before committees , as it did with Dean Acheson .
with its power to [check out] , the senate can paralyze the secretary by keeping him in a state of perpetual testimony before committees , as it did with dean acheson .

Today the private detective will also investigate insurance claims or handle divorce cases , but his primary function remains what it has always been , to assist those who have money in their unending struggle with those who have not .
today the private detective will also [check out] insurance claims or handle divorce cases , but his primary function remains what it has always been , to assist those who have money in their unending struggle with those who have not .

His assignment was not a new one because Baker had sent him to the Mexican border in 1916 to investigate lurid newspaper stories about lack of discipline , drunkenness , and venereal disease in American military camps .
his assignment was not a new one because baker had sent him to the mexican border in 1916 to [check out] lurid newspaper stories about lack of discipline , drunkenness , and venereal disease in american military camps .

In 1 we investigate a new series of line involutions in a projective space of three dimensions over the field of complex numbers .
in 1 we [check out] a new series of line involutions in a projective space of three dimensions over the field of complex numbers .

The 1946 town meeting voted to have the Selectmen appoint a committee to investigate and report on the feasibility of some system of sewage disposal and a disposal plant to serve Manchester Center , Depot , and Way's Lane .
the 1946 town meeting voted to have the selectmen appoint a committee to [check out] and report on the feasibility of some system of sewage disposal and a disposal plant to serve manchester center , depot , and way's lane .

He had to make Jess talk , and he had to do it before Stacey Black got curious and came to investigate .
he had to make jess talk , and he had to do it before stacey black got curious and came to [check out] .

Once Todman thought he had spotted a tank and went down to investigate while Greg covered him .
once todman thought he had spotted a tank and went down to [check out] while greg covered him .

They took nearly a month to investigate , marshal statistics , and put their arguments down in black and white .
they took nearly a month to [check out] , marshal statistics , and put their arguments down in black and white .

He 's written to the British Olympic Committee asking it to investigate .
he 's written to the british olympic committee asking it to [check out] .

We have recieved a small number of complaints … and it 's our intention to investigate every matter raised .
we have recieved a small number of complaints … and it 's our intention to [check out] every matter raised .

It 's too early to pinpoint the cause of the fire , but a full scale enquiry into yesterday 's tragedy will investigate the design and construction of the building which collapsed .
it 's too early to pinpoint the cause of the fire , but a full scale enquiry into yesterday 's tragedy will [check out] the design and construction of the building which collapsed .

But some have queried whether the coroner , a trained lawyer , is the right person to investigate contentious cases like the friendly fire deaths .
but some have queried whether the coroner , a trained lawyer , is the right person to [check out] contentious cases like the friendly fire deaths .

He went to investigate and to his horror saw giant monsters devouring his friend 's homes
he went to [check out] and to his horror saw giant monsters devouring his friend 's homes

The Monopolies Commission is to investigate the compact disc market .
the monopolies commission is to [check out] the compact disc market .

If they do suspect someone or know someone fitting the description , speak to us in confidence and we will investigate it .
if they do suspect someone or know someone fitting the description , speak to us in confidence and we will [check out] it .

The fraud squad has been called in to investigate the activities of John Allen insurance .
the fraud squad has been called in to [check out] the activities of john allen insurance .

Local shopkeepers who heard the shots went to investigate .
local shopkeepers who heard the shots went to [check out] .

Local shopkeepers who heard the shots went to investigate .
local shopkeepers who heard the shots went to [check out] .

She was called to investigate ater casual strollers found the badger .
she was called to [check out] ater casual strollers found the badger .

The brief to investigate the deaths of 7 patients between 1990 and 91 .
the brief to [check out] the deaths of 7 patients between 1990 and 91 .

He says the Governor of the prison must investigate .
he says the governor of the prison must [check out] .

The Royal Army Ordnance Corps Bomb Disposal Unit were called into to investigate and they took no chances .
the royal army ordnance corps bomb disposal unit were called into to [check out] and they took no chances .

Now their pension money has been frozen while trustees investigate certain deals made using money from the fund .
now their pension money has been frozen while trustees [check out] certain deals made using money from the fund .

Does the horse come to the stable door to investigate you , and perhaps give you a friendly nuzzle ? Does he lay back his ears and threaten to bite ? Or does he just watch warily from the back of the box , or even ignore you ?
does the horse come to the stable door to [check out] you , and perhaps give you a friendly nuzzle ? does he lay back his ears and threaten to bite ? or does he just watch warily from the back of the box , or even ignore you ?

What happens when you introduce something new to his familiar environment — for example , placing a brightly coloured cloth or jacket on the paddock fence , or hung over the pole of a small jump . Does he investigate the object curiously at first and then ignore it , indicating a bold nature ? Or does he refuse to go near it for the rest of the session and become unsettled ?
what happens when you introduce something new to his familiar environment — for example , placing a brightly coloured cloth or jacket on the paddock fence , or hung over the pole of a small jump . does he [check out] the object curiously at first and then ignore it , indicating a bold nature ? or does he refuse to go near it for the rest of the session and become unsettled ?

Does the horse come to investigate and give a friendly nuzzle ?
does the horse come to [check out] and give a friendly nuzzle ?

Other matters arising on page eight , you 'll see on item one three four that we did investigate the possibility , did we , have we got a response on that , of an officer being part of the joint care planning team .
other matters arising on page eight , you 'll see on item one three four that we did [check out] the possibility , did we , have we got a response on that , of an officer being part of the joint care planning team .

He did investigate having a public enquiry there last year .
he did [check out] having a public enquiry there last year .

they think that it 's all cut and dry , well they have n't got the then people will come round and investigate yet !
they think that it 's all cut and dry , well they have n't got the then people will come round and [check out] yet !

But erm it just er hopefully because yeah but really they 're just trying to investigate to make sure that we did n't act fraudulently in any way .
but erm it just er hopefully because yeah but really they 're just trying to [check out] to make sure that we did n't act fraudulently in any way .

The news that the Secretary of State for Scotland has asked for a feasibility study to investigate the need for a second Forth road bridge is unwelcome and merely confirms that the Scottish Office lacks a viable , long-term strategy for transport .
the news that the secretary of state for scotland has asked for a feasibility study to [check out] the need for a second forth road bridge is unwelcome and merely confirms that the scottish office lacks a viable , long-term strategy for transport .

It had no clear origin and we did not wait to investigate .
it had no clear origin and we did not wait to [check out] .

Lord Donaldson , a former Master of the Rolls , who is to investigate tanker movements , will face demands for a full open inquiry into the grounding of the Braer when he arrives in Shetland on a fact-finding visit today .
lord donaldson , a former master of the rolls , who is to [check out] tanker movements , will face demands for a full open inquiry into the grounding of the braer when he arrives in shetland on a fact-finding visit today .

Also in May the police were called in to investigate the affairs of the club .
also in may the police were called in to [check out] the affairs of the club .

New anti-fraud teams have been set up to investigate any discrepancies .
new anti-fraud teams have been set up to [check out] any discrepancies .

Mr Martin added that the trustees have instructed Godwins Scotland , which will continue to act as administrators and actuaries of the scheme , to investigate whether the assets were enough to meet all benefits .
mr martin added that the trustees have instructed godwins scotland , which will continue to act as administrators and actuaries of the scheme , to [check out] whether the assets were enough to meet all benefits .

The largest order received in the year was the £261,000 contract awarded to the Department of Veterinary Medicine from the Overseas Development Agency to investigate the interaction between nutrition and genetic resistance to parasitic disease .
the largest order received in the year was the £261,000 contract awarded to the department of veterinary medicine from the overseas development agency to [check out] the interaction between nutrition and genetic resistance to parasitic disease .

Six separate organisations and companies , including Aberdeen University and the National Hyperbaric Centre , are collaborating in the study , which is part of the Eureka programme , a European Community project to investigate various industrial applications of laser technology .
six separate organisations and companies , including aberdeen university and the national hyperbaric centre , are collaborating in the study , which is part of the eureka programme , a european community project to [check out] various industrial applications of laser technology .

In one of the worst nights on record , officers were called to investigate 20 separate thefts from cars .
in one of the worst nights on record , officers were called to [check out] 20 separate thefts from cars .

Police investigate sex offence claim
police [check out] sex offence claim

Police investigate new horse attack
police [check out] new horse attack

Police investigate new horse attacks
police [check out] new horse attacks

Touche Ross was engaged by the Scottish Office to investigate the short-term and longer-term costs of the planned local government changes .
touche ross was engaged by the scottish office to [check out] the short-term and longer-term costs of the planned local government changes .

It will also investigate the apparent widespread lack of involvement by Asian and black parents in the official assessment of their children 's special needs .
it will also [check out] the apparent widespread lack of involvement by asian and black parents in the official assessment of their children 's special needs .

It will also investigate the apparent widespread lack of involvement by Asian and black parents in the official assessment of their children 's special needs .
it will also [check out] the apparent widespread lack of involvement by asian and black parents in the official assessment of their children 's special needs .

Somali reaction force to investigate clash
somali reaction force to [check out] clash

His comments came after The Scotsman revealed yesterday that the Commission for Racial Equality is to investigate complaints that Strathclyde may have illegally discriminated against children with English as a second language judged to have learning difficulties .
his comments came after the scotsman revealed yesterday that the commission for racial equality is to [check out] complaints that strathclyde may have illegally discriminated against children with english as a second language judged to have learning difficulties .

It is an inevitable reality now after waiting for over nine months for the Commission for Racial Equality to investigate and take appropriate action .
it is an inevitable reality now after waiting for over nine months for the commission for racial equality to [check out] and take appropriate action .

Gordon Lind , chairman of Monklands West Conservatives , claimed that Monklands had misused public funds in its pursuit of the paper and he said he would call on the Scottish Secretary , Ian Lang , and the local government Controller of Audit to investigate .
gordon lind , chairman of monklands west conservatives , claimed that monklands had misused public funds in its pursuit of the paper and he said he would call on the scottish secretary , ian lang , and the local government controller of audit to [check out] .

The Ibrox club had intended to investigate the possibility of representing their player in order to make known their displeasure over his dismissal .
the ibrox club had intended to [check out] the possibility of representing their player in order to make known their displeasure over his dismissal .

Education officials have agreed to investigate the alleged incident at Darlington 's Hummersknott School if the father makes a formal complaint in writing .
education officials have agreed to [check out] the alleged incident at darlington 's hummersknott school if the father makes a formal complaint in writing .

Mr Threlfall , who is still awaiting the letter , said he would investigate , while an ambulance service spokesman said the ambulance had taken 24 minutes to respond .
mr threlfall , who is still awaiting the letter , said he would [check out] , while an ambulance service spokesman said the ambulance had taken 24 minutes to respond .

The inquiry will investigate the improved form of Thistle Monarch at Carlisle on 26 November , compared with his running at Ayr 13 days earlier .
the inquiry will [check out] the improved form of thistle monarch at carlisle on 26 november , compared with his running at ayr 13 days earlier .

Sir Dick was appointed leader of the team ordered to investigate Hitler 's death and took a team into war-ravaged Berlin .
sir dick was appointed leader of the team ordered to [check out] hitler 's death and took a team into war-ravaged berlin .

The Rev John Boocock said he was looking forward to acting the David Dimbleby role as he gives up the regular ‘ sermon slot ’ for a full interview in which he will try and investigate the relationship between the church and education .
the rev john boocock said he was looking forward to acting the david dimbleby role as he gives up the regular ‘ sermon slot ’ for a full interview in which he will try and [check out] the relationship between the church and education .

They contacted Newcastle University 's archaeology department which sent a team down to investigate .
they contacted newcastle university 's archaeology department which sent a team down to [check out] .

With legal action now a possibility , the Government and its agencies , confronted with dozens of testimonies like Wilson 's , has agreed to investigate .
with legal action now a possibility , the government and its agencies , confronted with dozens of testimonies like wilson 's , has agreed to [check out] .

We went along with to investigate armed with a pile of Fun Fortnight T-shirts to see if the youngsters could make us laugh .
we went along with to [check out] armed with a pile of fun fortnight t-shirts to see if the youngsters could make us laugh .

We went along with to investigate armed with a pile of Fun Fortnight T-shirts to see if the youngsters could make us laugh .
we went along with to [check out] armed with a pile of fun fortnight t-shirts to see if the youngsters could make us laugh .

We went along with to investigate armed with a pile of Fun Fortnight T-shirts to see if the youngsters could make us laugh .
we went along with to [check out] armed with a pile of fun fortnight t-shirts to see if the youngsters could make us laugh .

Speaking at the league 's annual meeting in Walsall , McKeag added : ‘ There was very little detail involved and we are not in a position to investigate in detail a club 's financial situation nor would we be able to impose any sanctions against a club which was not in breach of regulations .
speaking at the league 's annual meeting in walsall , mckeag added : ‘ there was very little detail involved and we are not in a position to [check out] in detail a club 's financial situation nor would we be able to impose any sanctions against a club which was not in breach of regulations .

Reading , or even keeping books in your home has become illegal and firemen must investigate all complaints , find the offenders and destroy their books , after which they will be dealt with appropriately .
reading , or even keeping books in your home has become illegal and firemen must [check out] all complaints , find the offenders and destroy their books , after which they will be dealt with appropriately .

Whatever the degree of response finally obtained it is good practice to investigate possible non-randomness and hence bias .
whatever the degree of response finally obtained it is good practice to [check out] possible non-randomness and hence bias .

How would you conduct a survey to investigate any change of opinion during the experimental period ?
how would you conduct a survey to [check out] any change of opinion during the experimental period ?

You are asked to plan a survey to investigate the consumption of sweets by school children .
you are asked to plan a survey to [check out] the consumption of sweets by school children .

To investigate the attitude of residents in a residential area of a city to a number of civic amenities , an agency decides to sample 200 adults from the area .
to [check out] the attitude of residents in a residential area of a city to a number of civic amenities , an agency decides to sample 200 adults from the area .

They are difficult to investigate as the ones carrying out the dealing are obviously not the ones who have access to the inside information .
they are difficult to [check out] as the ones carrying out the dealing are obviously not the ones who have access to the inside information .

We ought to go down and investigate the erm the you know .
we ought to go down and [check out] the erm the you know .

Doberman-cross Major allegedly attacked one of Coun Sydney Emery 's neighbours and when a policewoman went to investigate , two-year-old Rhodesian Ridgeback Maggie sunk her teeth into her arm , magistrates at Totton , Hants , were told .
doberman-cross major allegedly attacked one of coun sydney emery 's neighbours and when a policewoman went to [check out] , two-year-old rhodesian ridgeback maggie sunk her teeth into her arm , magistrates at totton , hants , were told .

Coun Christopher Curry , of Broadgreen , asked Liverpool City Council to investigate whether acoustic insulation could be installed in properties fronting the road .
coun christopher curry , of broadgreen , asked liverpool city council to [check out] whether acoustic insulation could be installed in properties fronting the road .

He could hear baby Penny crying but when no one answered the door he went into the unlocked house to investigate .
he could hear baby penny crying but when no one answered the door he went into the unlocked house to [check out] .

But Coun Paul Harford , leader of the county council , said : ‘ What must be made clear to Mr Robb is that the five local authorities in Cleveland the county council , Hartlepool , Middlesbrough , Langbaurgh and Stockton have jointly commissioned the Institute of Local Government Studies to investigate the best options for local government structures within Cleveland for the future .
but coun paul harford , leader of the county council , said : ‘ what must be made clear to mr robb is that the five local authorities in cleveland the county council , hartlepool , middlesbrough , langbaurgh and stockton have jointly commissioned the institute of local government studies to [check out] the best options for local government structures within cleveland for the future .

Mr Howell says he is asking the chief education officer to investigate the matter urgently .
mr howell says he is asking the chief education officer to [check out] the matter urgently .

Mr Watson said the police were called to investigate and Coun Garvey was charged .
mr watson said the police were called to [check out] and coun garvey was charged .

Mr Wood said he had gone to investigate after people had been seen in the area with bull terriers , the dogs most commonly used for fighting badgers .
mr wood said he had gone to [check out] after people had been seen in the area with bull terriers , the dogs most commonly used for fighting badgers .

‘ They have no desire to investigate this matter properly because it could prove to have serious ramifications for a number of political parties and senior individuals , ’ he claimed .
‘ they have no desire to [check out] this matter properly because it could prove to have serious ramifications for a number of political parties and senior individuals , ’ he claimed .

The Government 's being urged to investigate the safety of water births .
the government 's being urged to [check out] the safety of water births .

The Charity Commissioners , who controlled the affairs of the refugee association , have asked the fraud squad to investigate .
the charity commissioners , who controlled the affairs of the refugee association , have asked the fraud squad to [check out] .

Police investigate death of Petra Kelly
police [check out] death of petra kelly

She was n't on the plane and West Mercia fraud squad have asked Interpol to investigate .
she was n't on the plane and west mercia fraud squad have asked interpol to [check out] .

Supplies collected for the charity in Worcester remained in a warehouse in the city , and West Mercia Fraud Squad were asked to investigate the withdrawal of funds from the Worcester branch of the Royal Bank of Scotland .
supplies collected for the charity in worcester remained in a warehouse in the city , and west mercia fraud squad were asked to [check out] the withdrawal of funds from the worcester branch of the royal bank of scotland .

‘ When the government first proposed moving people from institutional care into the community , a government committee appeared to investigate this matter and reported in 1988 , warning that ‘ care in the community is not a cheap option ’ , ’ said Ms Laird .
‘ when the government first proposed moving people from institutional care into the community , a government committee appeared to [check out] this matter and reported in 1988 , warning that ‘ care in the community is not a cheap option ’ , ’ said ms laird .

They added that a full inquiry would be set up to investigate what happened .
they added that a full inquiry would be set up to [check out] what happened .

The fifty year old has been suspended from his job at the council run home , and police are joining together with social services to investigate his conduct .
the fifty year old has been suspended from his job at the council run home , and police are joining together with social services to [check out] his conduct .

Opposition spokesman Roger Stott today hit condemned a move by Labour 's ruling national executive to investigate further the extent of support in the province for a Labour Party organisation .
opposition spokesman roger stott today hit condemned a move by labour 's ruling national executive to [check out] further the extent of support in the province for a labour party organisation .

Last year the council called in the police to investigate claims that council-owned building materials had been allegedly misappropriated for private use .
last year the council called in the police to [check out] claims that council-owned building materials had been allegedly misappropriated for private use .

‘ There is no point asking the police to investigate itself .
‘ there is no point asking the police to [check out] itself .

Six months ago the council called in the police to investigate claims that building materials had been misappropriated for private use .
six months ago the council called in the police to [check out] claims that building materials had been misappropriated for private use .

Constables Tim Hurley and Tracy Beeching were going to investigate a joyriding display in Blackbird Leys when they ran into an ambush .
constables tim hurley and tracy beeching were going to [check out] a joyriding display in blackbird leys when they ran into an ambush .

The Home Secretary , David Waddington , has told Parliament a special war crimes squad is being set up to investigate alleged atrocities committed by nazis living in Britain .
the home secretary , david waddington , has told parliament a special war crimes squad is being set up to [check out] alleged atrocities committed by nazis living in britain .

Government inspectors are to investigate Rochdale Social Services after twenty children were taken into care following allegations of ritualistic abuse .
government inspectors are to [check out] rochdale social services after twenty children were taken into care following allegations of ritualistic abuse .

An emeritus Fellow at Merton College , Sir John Badenoch was asked to investigate what cryptosporidium is , and how it can be prevented .
an emeritus fellow at merton college , sir john badenoch was asked to [check out] what cryptosporidium is , and how it can be prevented .

It 's a completely new area er and we 're not sure of the impact of all these changes on the future of the Horton , and that 's what we 're trying to investigate .
it 's a completely new area er and we 're not sure of the impact of all these changes on the future of the horton , and that 's what we 're trying to [check out] .

It pretends that the court is able to investigate those reasons in great depth , whereas in practice it is not able to do so , and in any event that investigation is not going to save the marriage .
it pretends that the court is able to [check out] those reasons in great depth , whereas in practice it is not able to do so , and in any event that investigation is not going to save the marriage .

Mr Shamir refused to reverse his decision not to allow the United Nations to investigate the killing of at least nineteen Arabs by Israeli security forces .
mr shamir refused to reverse his decision not to allow the united nations to [check out] the killing of at least nineteen arabs by israeli security forces .

So far Gloucester County Council has said it will investigate the points she makes .
so far gloucester county council has said it will [check out] the points she makes .

It stars Melanie Griffith as a New York detective who goes undercover in a Hasidic Jewish community to investigate the murder of a young Jewish man .
it stars melanie griffith as a new york detective who goes undercover in a hasidic jewish community to [check out] the murder of a young jewish man .

You will investigate the features of living organisms .
you will [check out] the features of living organisms .

In Home Economics we investigate different foods and their effect on our health .
in home economics we [check out] different foods and their effect on our health .

He said : ‘ Inspectors sent to investigate the premises then found it was infested with cockroaches from infant to adult stage , alive and dead , on work surfaces , in the waste bins , around the cooker and behind two storage freezers . ’
he said : ‘ inspectors sent to [check out] the premises then found it was infested with cockroaches from infant to adult stage , alive and dead , on work surfaces , in the waste bins , around the cooker and behind two storage freezers . ’

The judge said there would be no special tribunal hearing to investigate the dispute between the premier and his cabinet colleague , but efforts would be made at today 's session of the inquiry to clarify the facts that led to Mr Reynolds ' dishonesty allegation .
the judge said there would be no special tribunal hearing to [check out] the dispute between the premier and his cabinet colleague , but efforts would be made at today 's session of the inquiry to clarify the facts that led to mr reynolds ' dishonesty allegation .

‘ However , we do intend to carry out further surveys right up to bonfire night and investigate any complaints we receive . ’
‘ however , we do intend to carry out further surveys right up to bonfire night and [check out] any complaints we receive . ’

London solicitor John Stitt confirmed : ‘ We have been instructed by Paul Elliott to investigate the possibility of making a claim for damages against Liverpool and Dean Saunders . ’
london solicitor john stitt confirmed : ‘ we have been instructed by paul elliott to [check out] the possibility of making a claim for damages against liverpool and dean saunders . ’

Mr Soley wants an independent Press authority to be set up to both ensure press freedom and investigate inaccuracy .
mr soley wants an independent press authority to be set up to both ensure press freedom and [check out] inaccuracy .

Labour group leader Coun Walter Jones , proposing a motion signed by 12 members , urging the council to ‘ investigate all alternatives ’ before axing jobs , pleaded with fellow-councillors not to throw 72 families on the dole just before Christmas .
labour group leader coun walter jones , proposing a motion signed by 12 members , urging the council to ‘ [check out] all alternatives ’ before axing jobs , pleaded with fellow-councillors not to throw 72 families on the dole just before christmas .

When the load failed to arrive at his firm 's nearby timber yard by 11.30am , he went to the dock to investigate .
when the load failed to arrive at his firm 's nearby timber yard by 11.30am , he went to the dock to [check out] .

This is thanks to work by a corrective action team set up in January last year to investigate high and variable losses of caustic soda to the drain .
this is thanks to work by a corrective action team set up in january last year to [check out] high and variable losses of caustic soda to the drain .

Investigate the trade structure such as wholesalers and retailers ;
[check out] the trade structure such as wholesalers and retailers ;

Sou'wester News printed on recycled paper ? This thought was missed by the group but should be something we 're seen to investigate .
sou'wester news printed on recycled paper ? this thought was missed by the group but should be something we 're seen to [check out] .

Mm that is something we will have to investigate .
mm that is something we will have to [check out] .

Must investigate this Mottingham garden club .
must [check out] this mottingham garden club .

It 's surprisingly loud and sounds just superb with dropped tunings ; dedicated fingerpickers of the Martin Simpson or Martin Carthy schools should investigate this guitar with all speed .
it 's surprisingly loud and sounds just superb with dropped tunings ; dedicated fingerpickers of the martin simpson or martin carthy schools should [check out] this guitar with all speed .

If you are receiving the manual and updates you will have already heard from us , if not why not investigate this excellent product .
if you are receiving the manual and updates you will have already heard from us , if not why not [check out] this excellent product .

Williams argues that the utilitarian , given his empirical approach , should recognize this fact and be prepared to investigate what it is that gives these people happiness .
williams argues that the utilitarian , given his empirical approach , should recognize this fact and be prepared to [check out] what it is that gives these people happiness .

Fish with diarrhoea are undoubtedly stressed and you 'll need to investigate the reasons behind this before you treat the fish .
fish with diarrhoea are undoubtedly stressed and you 'll need to [check out] the reasons behind this before you treat the fish .

Finally , do investigate siporax as a filter medium : it appears to convert nitrate one step further alone the trail , to nitrogen gas .
finally , do [check out] siporax as a filter medium : it appears to convert nitrate one step further alone the trail , to nitrogen gas .

Designs based on these principles are known as linear voltage regulators to distinguish them from the kind of regulator we are going to investigate in this article .
designs based on these principles are known as linear voltage regulators to distinguish them from the kind of regulator we are going to [check out] in this article .

The students could investigate the range of radio equipment both in the open air and with various objects such as concrete and steel structures in between .
the students could [check out] the range of radio equipment both in the open air and with various objects such as concrete and steel structures in between .

They could investigate the performance at the limits of the range and find out exactly what eventually makes the sound unintelligible .
they could [check out] the performance at the limits of the range and find out exactly what eventually makes the sound unintelligible .

However , despite the lack of knowledge on the subject , and the prejudices engendered against it , a small but steady stream of doctors is willing to investigate it .
however , despite the lack of knowledge on the subject , and the prejudices engendered against it , a small but steady stream of doctors is willing to [check out] it .

Another way in which doctors may be encouraged to investigate the claims of homoeopathy is through an increasing anxiety about the possible toxic side-effects of orthodox pharmaceutical preparations .
another way in which doctors may be encouraged to [check out] the claims of homoeopathy is through an increasing anxiety about the possible toxic side-effects of orthodox pharmaceutical preparations .

Consequently , executives investigate alternative means , including law avoidance , evasion , and violation and pursue them if they are evaluated as superior to other available strictly legitimate alternatives .
consequently , executives [check out] alternative means , including law avoidance , evasion , and violation and pursue them if they are evaluated as superior to other available strictly legitimate alternatives .

So the following afternoon , as soon as Mrs Wormwood had departed in her car for another session of bingo , Matilda set out for Fred 's house to investigate .
so the following afternoon , as soon as mrs wormwood had departed in her car for another session of bingo , matilda set out for fred 's house to [check out] .

When school was over , Mr Trilby decided to investigate further , so he walked to the house where Miss Trunchbull lived on the edge of the village , the lovely small red-brick Georgian building known as The Red House , tucked away in the woods behind the hills .
when school was over , mr trilby decided to [check out] further , so he walked to the house where miss trunchbull lived on the edge of the village , the lovely small red-brick georgian building known as the red house , tucked away in the woods behind the hills .

The following sections investigate the utility of these different sources of information , given that they will of necessity be uncertain .
the following sections [check out] the utility of these different sources of information , given that they will of necessity be uncertain .

England 's retiring manager Micky Stewart promised to investigate the latest row at Uxbridge last Sunday but that is unlikely to affect the £15,000 winter contract already offered to the country 's top players .
england 's retiring manager micky stewart promised to [check out] the latest row at uxbridge last sunday but that is unlikely to affect the £15,000 winter contract already offered to the country 's top players .

The British police can not work in Greece , so the Mirror agreed to help in a secret operation to investigate the sightings .
the british police can not work in greece , so the mirror agreed to help in a secret operation to [check out] the sightings .

He demanded the colonel investigate , declaring : ‘ It is not good . ’
he demanded the colonel [check out] , declaring : ‘ it is not good . ’

Dennis , 53 , rushed to investigate and found milkman David Roberts sitting petrified but unhurt in the wreckage .
dennis , 53 , rushed to [check out] and found milkman david roberts sitting petrified but unhurt in the wreckage .

If anyone complains we 'll investigate .
if anyone complains we 'll [check out] .

But flustered John 's ordeal only ended when police went to investigate what was causing the two-mile tailback near Gateshead .
but flustered john 's ordeal only ended when police went to [check out] what was causing the two-mile tailback near gateshead .

As an aside Jackson promised to investigate providing the blind with the paper on weekly cassette .
as an aside jackson promised to [check out] providing the blind with the paper on weekly cassette .

The planners also have to investigate what local services are available including transport , housing , schooling for employees ' children , sports facilities , shopping , and so on .
the planners also have to [check out] what local services are available including transport , housing , schooling for employees ' children , sports facilities , shopping , and so on .

Perhaps you might like to investigate epilepsy in dogs and do an article on the subject .
perhaps you might like to [check out] epilepsy in dogs and do an article on the subject .

Bishop David has now asked parishes to investigate the local problem , offer practical friendship and support , lobby the legislators — and pray for a just , compassionate solution .
bishop david has now asked parishes to [check out] the local problem , offer practical friendship and support , lobby the legislators — and pray for a just , compassionate solution .

He seemed keen enough to go , to investigate the latest bands and see what was happening in music .
he seemed keen enough to go , to [check out] the latest bands and see what was happening in music .

He had decided to investigate for himself the question of his mother 's land investments in Texas , the holdings her Wall Street advisers seemed so anxious she should sell — so anxious that Edouard was a little suspicious .
he had decided to [check out] for himself the question of his mother 's land investments in texas , the holdings her wall street advisers seemed so anxious she should sell — so anxious that edouard was a little suspicious .

It will be handed to the working party of East Hampshire Road Safety Council who have to investigate , and report back to the matter to their main committee by April 15th .
it will be handed to the working party of east hampshire road safety council who have to [check out] , and report back to the matter to their main committee by april 15th .

Said he was going to investigate it .
said he was going to [check out] it .

We also talk of ‘ doing research ’ when we investigate the history of a place we intend to visit , looking up information in travel guides and brochures , finding out how best to get there , what to avoid and how to get value for money .
we also talk of ‘ doing research ’ when we [check out] the history of a place we intend to visit , looking up information in travel guides and brochures , finding out how best to get there , what to avoid and how to get value for money .

He had come all the way from the silk pavilions of the nobility to investigate the disturbance .
he had come all the way from the silk pavilions of the nobility to [check out] the disturbance .

To investigate infant care practices in a small ethnic minority population within Britain that might suggest possible factors contributing to the low incidence of the sudden infant death syndrome in Asian populations .
to [check out] infant care practices in a small ethnic minority population within britain that might suggest possible factors contributing to the low incidence of the sudden infant death syndrome in asian populations .

To investigate the mode of inheritance of ulcerative colitis and Crohn 's disease by complex segregation analysis .
to [check out] the mode of inheritance of ulcerative colitis and crohn 's disease by complex segregation analysis .

It could then be only too convenient if the Secretary of State made the decision not to investigate the accident .
it could then be only too convenient if the secretary of state made the decision not to [check out] the accident .

Some people might ask : ‘ Why all this fuss about the decision to investigate ? Surely all aircraft accidents should be investigated without exception ? ’ The answer really lies in the degree of investigation that is justified and appropriate .
some people might ask : ‘ why all this fuss about the decision to [check out] ? surely all aircraft accidents should be investigated without exception ? ’ the answer really lies in the degree of investigation that is justified and appropriate .

How to Investigate an accident
how to [check out] an accident

Strangely , small private and club aircraft accidents are frequently more difficult to investigate because compared with the scheduled passenger transport flight the route to be followed and the flight procedures carried out are far less definitive and predictable .
strangely , small private and club aircraft accidents are frequently more difficult to [check out] because compared with the scheduled passenger transport flight the route to be followed and the flight procedures carried out are far less definitive and predictable .

County councillors voted yesterday to investigate the cost of providing the more expensive gates at junctions in Colchester and Kelvedon .
county councillors voted yesterday to [check out] the cost of providing the more expensive gates at junctions in colchester and kelvedon .

Plans to investigate the United Kingdom designated waters around the Rockall Trough and Plateau are now well advanced .
plans to [check out] the united kingdom designated waters around the rockall trough and plateau are now well advanced .

Ground magnetic surveys were continued in the Exeter district to investigate anomalies seen on aeromagnetic contour plots .
ground magnetic surveys were continued in the exeter district to [check out] anomalies seen on aeromagnetic contour plots .

Plans are now well advanced to investigate the United Kingdom designated waters around the Rockall Trough and Plateau .
plans are now well advanced to [check out] the united kingdom designated waters around the rockall trough and plateau .

Red clay soils are sampled and tested in Kenya and Indonesia in the course of a project to investigate their engineering geological characteristics .
red clay soils are sampled and tested in kenya and indonesia in the course of a project to [check out] their engineering geological characteristics .

Environmental and engineering geology In a project to investigate the engineering properties of poorly understood tropical red soils , fieldwork in Kenya and Indonesia has been largely completed , and additional samples have been obtained from Fiji and Dominica .
environmental and engineering geology in a project to [check out] the engineering properties of poorly understood tropical red soils , fieldwork in kenya and indonesia has been largely completed , and additional samples have been obtained from fiji and dominica .

Parents Maggie , 38 , and Chris , 40 , are now among a growing group who will be pushing the Government to investigate the link between this tragic condition and the use of pesticides .
parents maggie , 38 , and chris , 40 , are now among a growing group who will be pushing the government to [check out] the link between this tragic condition and the use of pesticides .

Slowly , carefully , the creatures began to investigate the garden .
slowly , carefully , the creatures began to [check out] the garden .

She points out that at present local authorities have no duty to investigate alleged abuse , as in child abuse , and suggests this should be remedied .
she points out that at present local authorities have no duty to [check out] alleged abuse , as in child abuse , and suggests this should be remedied .

Security forces across India employ the same method to investigate crime and deter offenders .
security forces across india employ the same method to [check out] crime and deter offenders .

On 5 December , the last of several direct appeals was made to the federal and state police to investigate those threatening him .
on 5 december , the last of several direct appeals was made to the federal and state police to [check out] those threatening him .

Deacon heard over the radio that a Bf110 was attacking Luqa , and going to investigate , shot at the aircraft without obvious effect .
deacon heard over the radio that a bf110 was attacking luqa , and going to [check out] , shot at the aircraft without obvious effect .

We decided to investigate this area with a purely elderly group of patients .
we decided to [check out] this area with a purely elderly group of patients .

‘ The police have been called in to investigate 100 complaints from electors who were denied their votes … It has been alleged that on the 100 occasions , a vote had been cast by a mysterious proxy voter and therefore cancelled the polling ability of the voter .
‘ the police have been called in to [check out] 100 complaints from electors who were denied their votes … it has been alleged that on the 100 occasions , a vote had been cast by a mysterious proxy voter and therefore cancelled the polling ability of the voter .

An early exercise in ‘ scientific management ’ by Frederick Taylor was to investigate optimum speeds and feeds for various metals , machine tools , and cutting tips .
an early exercise in ‘ scientific management ’ by frederick taylor was to [check out] optimum speeds and feeds for various metals , machine tools , and cutting tips .

The Reverend Peter Brown , Convener of the Social Matters Committee for the Orkney Presbytery , began to investigate the actions of the Evangelical Charismatic Movement in Orkney , and whether any members of the Orkney Christian Fellowship had been at that seminar .
the reverend peter brown , convener of the social matters committee for the orkney presbytery , began to [check out] the actions of the evangelical charismatic movement in orkney , and whether any members of the orkney christian fellowship had been at that seminar .

First they declared their grave concern at the happenings in South Ronaldsay , and condemned the method or lack of method , used to investigate the allegations .
first they declared their grave concern at the happenings in south ronaldsay , and condemned the method or lack of method , used to [check out] the allegations .

Picking up on Herschensohn 's ‘ bad seed ’ theory , the federal Centers for Disease Control announced that investigators were being dispatched to investigate the ‘ epidemiology ’ of the riots .
picking up on herschensohn 's ‘ bad seed ’ theory , the federal centers for disease control announced that investigators were being dispatched to [check out] the ‘ epidemiology ’ of the riots .

Dying to investigate corridor loos …
dying to [check out] corridor loos …

All was cleared up later when the hotel manager came to investigate but our sympathies must go to the hapless Security Gorilla , as recent photographic evidence proves that mistaking Bob Dylan for a tramp with salubrious lodgings in Cardboard City is something even hardened celeb watchers like ourselves have done at some point or another .
all was cleared up later when the hotel manager came to [check out] but our sympathies must go to the hapless security gorilla , as recent photographic evidence proves that mistaking bob dylan for a tramp with salubrious lodgings in cardboard city is something even hardened celeb watchers like ourselves have done at some point or another .

Hearing noises downstairs , he got out of bed , picked up his bayonet and went to investigate .
hearing noises downstairs , he got out of bed , picked up his bayonet and went to [check out] .

This ground-level opposition meant that the mining companies never got to prospect the total area that they wanted to investigate , as they would have needed to get court injunctions to get on each farmer 's land .
this ground-level opposition meant that the mining companies never got to prospect the total area that they wanted to [check out] , as they would have needed to get court injunctions to get on each farmer 's land .

With the aid of one of those minute cameras with which specialists investigate physical disorders internally , they discovered that he was healing , and healing well .
with the aid of one of those minute cameras with which specialists [check out] physical disorders internally , they discovered that he was healing , and healing well .

Finally , after weeks of debating the merits , advantages and availability of this or that young daughter , a decision was made to send the searching woman , Um Hamed 's first lieutenant , who would investigate two possibilities more thoroughly .
finally , after weeks of debating the merits , advantages and availability of this or that young daughter , a decision was made to send the searching woman , um hamed 's first lieutenant , who would [check out] two possibilities more thoroughly .

After isolating the problem , investigate it as quickly as possible , resolve it , make sure as well as you can that the system does n't allow it to happen again , and proceed at full steam to collect whatever balance you and your customer have agreed upon .
after isolating the problem , [check out] it as quickly as possible , resolve it , make sure as well as you can that the system does n't allow it to happen again , and proceed at full steam to collect whatever balance you and your customer have agreed upon .

He chose not to investigate the possibility that there might , after all , be other reasons why he wished to quit his homeland .
he chose not to [check out] the possibility that there might , after all , be other reasons why he wished to quit his homeland .

He again eased himself out of the narrow space of the breakfast nook and went over to the kitchen counter , looked at the parcel and looked at his wife , who was now almost hysterical : He decided that he must be courageous and investigate , so he unwound the paper towels , picked up the books one by one and read their titles .
he again eased himself out of the narrow space of the breakfast nook and went over to the kitchen counter , looked at the parcel and looked at his wife , who was now almost hysterical : he decided that he must be courageous and [check out] , so he unwound the paper towels , picked up the books one by one and read their titles .

The study will focus on the supply side of the industry to identify the progress being made towards delivering products that meet users ' needs and will investigate how vendors intend to respond to users aspirations in interoperability , data management , on-line transaction processing and network and system management .
the study will focus on the supply side of the industry to identify the progress being made towards delivering products that meet users ' needs and will [check out] how vendors intend to respond to users aspirations in interoperability , data management , on-line transaction processing and network and system management .

They have a legal duty to investigate such complaints and legal powers , if necessary , to remove a child to a place of safety and apply to a court for a ‘ care order ’ .
they have a legal duty to [check out] such complaints and legal powers , if necessary , to remove a child to a place of safety and apply to a court for a ‘ care order ’ .

Social services investigate cases of suspected child abuse .
social services [check out] cases of suspected child abuse .

They were not expected to advance till July , and were certainly not expected in this part of Belgium , so Sharpe suspected that the musketry had been caused by Prussian troops at firing practice , yet a long acquaintance with war 's surprises had spurred Sharpe to investigate the sound .
they were not expected to advance till july , and were certainly not expected in this part of belgium , so sharpe suspected that the musketry had been caused by prussian troops at firing practice , yet a long acquaintance with war 's surprises had spurred sharpe to [check out] the sound .

After mature deliberation your Committee venture to propose to you to entrust them with powers to digest a scheme for the medical department , to receive claims , and investigate the merits of the different candidates who may propose themselves to fill the different situations in this line , as well as of the subordinate attendants of the house , and to report to you at your next general meeting the names of such persons as to them appear most proper , for your final approbation .
after mature deliberation your committee venture to propose to you to entrust them with powers to digest a scheme for the medical department , to receive claims , and [check out] the merits of the different candidates who may propose themselves to fill the different situations in this line , as well as of the subordinate attendants of the house , and to report to you at your next general meeting the names of such persons as to them appear most proper , for your final approbation .

The Authority , in the longer term , should investigate the extent to which additional resources are needed for supervised ‘ extended study ’ by pupils and meet these vital needs
the authority , in the longer term , should [check out] the extent to which additional resources are needed for supervised ‘ extended study ’ by pupils and meet these vital needs

Feminists in psychology began to investigate these gendered subjectivities , and to challenge their discipline 's gender biases .
feminists in psychology began to [check out] these gendered subjectivities , and to challenge their discipline 's gender biases .

The fact that psychology uses ‘ subjective ’ individuals to investigate subjectivity intensifies the problem .
the fact that psychology uses ‘ subjective ’ individuals to [check out] subjectivity intensifies the problem .

Feminists are also starting to investigate specific characteristics of younger and older female subjects , like girls ' strong and prolonged cross-sex identification , and older women 's childcare skills .
feminists are also starting to [check out] specific characteristics of younger and older female subjects , like girls ' strong and prolonged cross-sex identification , and older women 's childcare skills .

The link between the notion of passive femininity and dominant discourses of biology and the natural world encourages some psychologists to take this methodological gendering further and use quasi-biological or anthropological observational procedures to investigate women .
the link between the notion of passive femininity and dominant discourses of biology and the natural world encourages some psychologists to take this methodological gendering further and use quasi-biological or anthropological observational procedures to [check out] women .

To investigate this , it rejects scientism , and uses qualitative , rather than quantitative procedures .
to [check out] this , it rejects scientism , and uses qualitative , rather than quantitative procedures .

They too try to investigate all aspects of psychological experience .
they too try to [check out] all aspects of psychological experience .

In particular , it would be interesting to investigate what masculinity 's significance for women rests on .
in particular , it would be interesting to [check out] what masculinity 's significance for women rests on .

‘ What made you go there ? ’ Duncan had been surprised by the policeman 's astuteness in deciding to investigate the Catherine Palace .
‘ what made you go there ? ’ duncan had been surprised by the policeman 's astuteness in deciding to [check out] the catherine palace .

The workers decided to investigate the carriages , to see what was amiss .
the workers decided to [check out] the carriages , to see what was amiss .

When a number of people have taken that holiday , they may conduct another poll to investigate whether they enjoyed it , and , most important , whether they would repeat it or recommend it to friends .
when a number of people have taken that holiday , they may conduct another poll to [check out] whether they enjoyed it , and , most important , whether they would repeat it or recommend it to friends .

If we wish to investigate the political opinions of students in higher education , then that is our population .
if we wish to [check out] the political opinions of students in higher education , then that is our population .

But what if we want to investigate the impact that a new motorway has had on the surrounding area ? Who do we ask ? Everybody who lives in the area ? Including the children aged four or five ? Should we include people who have moved away because of the motorway ? If so , how can we identify and trace them ? Perhaps we should include people who work in the area but do not live there ? Should we not include people who regularly travel through the area by car , who must have an opinion about the difference it has made to their journey ? And what about the local shopkeepers , or owners of cafés and petrol-stations ? Should they not be investigated as a special category of people affected ? How big an area are we going to investigate ? Will we not have to make a decision in advance of what the extent of the motorway 's influence has been ?
but what if we want to [check out] the impact that a new motorway has had on the surrounding area ? who do we ask ? everybody who lives in the area ? including the children aged four or five ? should we include people who have moved away because of the motorway ? if so , how can we identify and trace them ? perhaps we should include people who work in the area but do not live there ? should we not include people who regularly travel through the area by car , who must have an opinion about the difference it has made to their journey ? and what about the local shopkeepers , or owners of cafés and petrol-stations ? should they not be investigated as a special category of people affected ? how big an area are we going to [check out] ? will we not have to make a decision in advance of what the extent of the motorway 's influence has been ?

For example , if a researcher wants to investigate the factors that influence pupils when they are choosing the subjects they wish to study at higher levels of education , then group discussions with , for example , fourteen-year-old pupils in almost any secondary school would give some ideas about what questions to include in a questionnaire .
for example , if a researcher wants to [check out] the factors that influence pupils when they are choosing the subjects they wish to study at higher levels of education , then group discussions with , for example , fourteen-year-old pupils in almost any secondary school would give some ideas about what questions to include in a questionnaire .

The researcher aims to investigate a sample of the population , because this is cheaper and quicker , but the sample must be representative of the population as a whole .
the researcher aims to [check out] a sample of the population , because this is cheaper and quicker , but the sample must be representative of the population as a whole .

But what if we want to investigate families ?
but what if we want to [check out] families ?

Similar experiments were carried out to investigate discrimination in the housing market .
similar experiments were carried out to [check out] discrimination in the housing market .

The Rapoports ( 1971 ) , in their study of married couples who both have a professional career , chose to investigate just five such couples by means of extended in-depth interviews , rather than attempting a survey .
the rapoports ( 1971 ) , in their study of married couples who both have a professional career , chose to [check out] just five such couples by means of extended in-depth interviews , rather than attempting a survey .

After a while the Sword Masters of Hoeth began to investigate the cult and report their findings back to the White Tower .
after a while the sword masters of hoeth began to [check out] the cult and report their findings back to the white tower .

The Ombudsman can investigate : ( 1 ) complaints of injustice caused by maladministration by the trustees or managers of an occupational or personal pension scheme ( 2 ) disputes of fact or law with the trustees or managers .
the ombudsman can [check out] : ( 1 ) complaints of injustice caused by maladministration by the trustees or managers of an occupational or personal pension scheme ( 2 ) disputes of fact or law with the trustees or managers .

He can not , however , investigate a complaint that is already subject to court proceedings , one that is about a State social security benefit or a dispute that is more appropriate for investigation by another regulatory body .
he can not , however , [check out] a complaint that is already subject to court proceedings , one that is about a state social security benefit or a dispute that is more appropriate for investigation by another regulatory body .

It is crucial to investigate property prices as well as , of course , the cost of health care .
it is crucial to [check out] property prices as well as , of course , the cost of health care .

The only sensible advice is to investigate the situation thoroughly before you take an irrevocable step , such as selling your home ; or worse , investing in a property overseas .
the only sensible advice is to [check out] the situation thoroughly before you take an irrevocable step , such as selling your home ; or worse , investing in a property overseas .

Artistic ethnographers also write about many subjects which sociologists find it practically difficult to investigate .
artistic ethnographers also write about many subjects which sociologists find it practically difficult to [check out] .

It is only in the last thirty-five years that animals had been allowed to have ‘ mental ’ processes other than learning and so it is only in that time that psychologists have developed the behavioural tests to investigate them .
it is only in the last thirty-five years that animals had been allowed to have ‘ mental ’ processes other than learning and so it is only in that time that psychologists have developed the behavioural tests to [check out] them .

By loading specific parts of the system with food or water it has been possible to investigate , for example , the role of the stomach in the termination of eating and drinking .
by loading specific parts of the system with food or water it has been possible to [check out] , for example , the role of the stomach in the termination of eating and drinking .

Theory and practice , as represented by philosophy and the various social disciplines , must be united , so that it is possible to investigate existing individualist and holist theories rather than hypothetical constructions .
theory and practice , as represented by philosophy and the various social disciplines , must be united , so that it is possible to [check out] existing individualist and holist theories rather than hypothetical constructions .

These two projects — on the one hand a wish to investigate the constraining influence of social wholes , and on the other a desire to understand the shaping power of individuals — answer to different sorts of concern with the social world .
these two projects — on the one hand a wish to [check out] the constraining influence of social wholes , and on the other a desire to understand the shaping power of individuals — answer to different sorts of concern with the social world .

Following the earth sciences revolution within the last couple of decades ( Hallam , 1973 ) it is natural to investigate what relationship , if any , exists between major biogeographic , radiation and extinction episodes and plate tectonics , which appear to have controlled first order events in the physical environment for at least as long as a diverse metazoan fauna became established in the Cambrian , nearly six hundred million years ago .
following the earth sciences revolution within the last couple of decades ( hallam , 1973 ) it is natural to [check out] what relationship , if any , exists between major biogeographic , radiation and extinction episodes and plate tectonics , which appear to have controlled first order events in the physical environment for at least as long as a diverse metazoan fauna became established in the cambrian , nearly six hundred million years ago .

In recent years there has been an increasing tendency in some circles to investigate the evolutionary record of fossils in terms of general rules and processes without regard to specific causes operating on specific taxa .
in recent years there has been an increasing tendency in some circles to [check out] the evolutionary record of fossils in terms of general rules and processes without regard to specific causes operating on specific taxa .

Lastly , where the aim is to investigate the functional significance of particular phenotypic sex differences , it may be necessary to calculate selection intensities for specific episodes of selection , such as mating success at particular ages ( see Arnold & Wade , 1983 ) for the effect of particular traits on lifetime reproductive success may often be obscured by the influence of other variables or by random variation .
lastly , where the aim is to [check out] the functional significance of particular phenotypic sex differences , it may be necessary to calculate selection intensities for specific episodes of selection , such as mating success at particular ages ( see arnold & wade , 1983 ) for the effect of particular traits on lifetime reproductive success may often be obscured by the influence of other variables or by random variation .

Perhaps most importantly , emphasis on examining the effects of particular traits on the breeding success of males and females should encourage us to investigate the adaptive significance of sex differences whose functions are not immediately obvious .
perhaps most importantly , emphasis on examining the effects of particular traits on the breeding success of males and females should encourage us to [check out] the adaptive significance of sex differences whose functions are not immediately obvious .

‘ No , we must go to the Eye to investigate , ’ he murmured .
‘ no , we must go to the eye to [check out] , ’ he murmured .

Postgraduate special subject courses — However deep a conversion course may go there will always be a need for summer schools and for taught masters courses which investigate a narrower subject to the full depth of current knowledge and seek to probe even deeper .
postgraduate special subject courses — however deep a conversion course may go there will always be a need for summer schools and for taught masters courses which [check out] a narrower subject to the full depth of current knowledge and seek to probe even deeper .

Znaniecki was able to introduce a ‘ conscious agent ’ and ‘ norms of thinking ’ with which to investigate the socially inscribed function in relation to knowledge of individuals ( as in The Social Role of the Man of Knowledge — the title of Znaniecki 's 1940 book ) .
znaniecki was able to introduce a ‘ conscious agent ’ and ‘ norms of thinking ’ with which to [check out] the socially inscribed function in relation to knowledge of individuals ( as in the social role of the man of knowledge — the title of znaniecki 's 1940 book ) .

Last night a spokesman for Bristol Social Services confirmed his department had been asked to investigate by the police .
last night a spokesman for bristol social services confirmed his department had been asked to [check out] by the police .

Trading standards officers were called in to investigate the way the company peddled its ‘ call waiting ’ service .
trading standards officers were called in to [check out] the way the company peddled its ‘ call waiting ’ service .

When they went to investigate two men confronted them .
when they went to [check out] two men confronted them .

Rumours of a ghostly train that appeared in foggy conditions near Ancholme Bridge on the line between Elsham and Worlaby led Ted Smith and Jack Brookes , two reliable men in their mid-fifties , to investigate the tales and discover the truth for themselves .
rumours of a ghostly train that appeared in foggy conditions near ancholme bridge on the line between elsham and worlaby led ted smith and jack brookes , two reliable men in their mid-fifties , to [check out] the tales and discover the truth for themselves .

Quickly putting on some clothes , he decided to investigate .
quickly putting on some clothes , he decided to [check out] .

Having heard the stories , the author decided to investigate them for himself together with a friend .
having heard the stories , the author decided to [check out] them for himself together with a friend .

He told him of his experience and was interested to know that the phenomenon is by no means unknown and the other went on to relate another incident involving footsteps that he heard outside the office , but when he opened the door to investigate no one was there .
he told him of his experience and was interested to know that the phenomenon is by no means unknown and the other went on to relate another incident involving footsteps that he heard outside the office , but when he opened the door to [check out] no one was there .

Rebel Barnet shareholders are set to ask the Department of Trade and Industry to investigate the club 's finances in a bid to have Flashman kicked out of Underhill .
rebel barnet shareholders are set to ask the department of trade and industry to [check out] the club 's finances in a bid to have flashman kicked out of underhill .

D'Arcy did n't want to raise false hopes . Cautiously he said : ‘ It 's worth considering getting one of our own men out to the Gulf to investigate — hire a ship if necessary to search … ’
d'arcy did n't want to raise false hopes . cautiously he said : ‘ it 's worth considering getting one of our own men out to the gulf to [check out] — hire a ship if necessary to search … ’

Good health resides in areas under more direct personal control , and those with time to investigate such matters as exercise and nutrition may be in a better position than a doctor to arrive at an accurate understanding .
good health resides in areas under more direct personal control , and those with time to [check out] such matters as exercise and nutrition may be in a better position than a doctor to arrive at an accurate understanding .

Given the claims that many alternative therapies make for the treatment of ‘ incurable ’ conditions , many of which are suffered mainly by older people , it is perhaps time for those responsible for the care of older people to investigate the potential of such treatments as homoeopathy , acupuncture , chiropractic , osteopathy , herbalism and many others .
given the claims that many alternative therapies make for the treatment of ‘ incurable ’ conditions , many of which are suffered mainly by older people , it is perhaps time for those responsible for the care of older people to [check out] the potential of such treatments as homoeopathy , acupuncture , chiropractic , osteopathy , herbalism and many others .

He must have stopped in order to relieve himself and , hearing her sobs in the silence of the wood , decided to investigate .
he must have stopped in order to relieve himself and , hearing her sobs in the silence of the wood , decided to [check out] .

He places strong emphasis on empathy and optimism and less on the need to investigate the unconscious mind .
he places strong emphasis on empathy and optimism and less on the need to [check out] the unconscious mind .

You can also investigate the language of flowers .
you can also [check out] the language of flowers .

He heard electrical impulses behind a large , old-fashioned enamelled flour bin on a high shelf in the kitchen and got out the step-ladder to investigate , bringing down the bin , which hit and broke a jar of clear honey in its descent ; he ended up with a mixture of flour and honey all over himself , the fridge and the floor .
he heard electrical impulses behind a large , old-fashioned enamelled flour bin on a high shelf in the kitchen and got out the step-ladder to [check out] , bringing down the bin , which hit and broke a jar of clear honey in its descent ; he ended up with a mixture of flour and honey all over himself , the fridge and the floor .

The incentive to investigate the toughness of materials of this kind came , not from the biologists , but from the development of reinforced plastics which present an interesting paradox in the matter of toughness .
the incentive to [check out] the toughness of materials of this kind came , not from the biologists , but from the development of reinforced plastics which present an interesting paradox in the matter of toughness .

The assumption of an infinitely sharp crack tip leads to infinite stresses at the tip and this is clearly meaningless when one wants to investigate fracture .
the assumption of an infinitely sharp crack tip leads to infinite stresses at the tip and this is clearly meaningless when one wants to [check out] fracture .

The Press has a duty to investigate .
the press has a duty to [check out] .

He stopped his patrol car to investigate and Vernage simply slaughtered him in the street , cutting off his police radio to stop him calling for help .
he stopped his patrol car to [check out] and vernage simply slaughtered him in the street , cutting off his police radio to stop him calling for help .

If the newspapers did not investigate criminals , MPs , businessmen and others , there would be times when no one did .
if the newspapers did not [check out] criminals , mps , businessmen and others , there would be times when no one did .

Superintendent Roy Symons of Barnet police promised to ‘ investigate rigorously ’ any threat claims which are brought to his attention .
superintendent roy symons of barnet police promised to ‘ [check out] rigorously ’ any threat claims which are brought to his attention .

Now match referee Clive Lloyd is to investigate the incident after a complaint by Indian manager Amrit Mathur , who claimed : ‘ Kirsten showed dissent against the umpires and provoked the crowd by staying in the middle .
now match referee clive lloyd is to [check out] the incident after a complaint by indian manager amrit mathur , who claimed : ‘ kirsten showed dissent against the umpires and provoked the crowd by staying in the middle .

Its approach will be to guarantee participating companies ' anonymity so as to obtain as much information as possible , to analyse companies ' experience in implementing the code , and to investigate other methods employed in furthering corporate governance .
its approach will be to guarantee participating companies ' anonymity so as to obtain as much information as possible , to analyse companies ' experience in implementing the code , and to [check out] other methods employed in furthering corporate governance .

The police normally went to villages only to investigate specific serious crimes , usually homicides , but even then they were not always involved .
the police normally went to villages only to [check out] specific serious crimes , usually homicides , but even then they were not always involved .

It was their duty to report all crime in their areas , and to investigate serious cases .
it was their duty to report all crime in their areas , and to [check out] serious cases .

The Government 's preferred option would be to introduce a prohibition system , under which the Director General of Fair Trading would investigate alleged breaches .
the government 's preferred option would be to introduce a prohibition system , under which the director general of fair trading would [check out] alleged breaches .

‘ No matter what it takes and how long we have to investigate it we will find out who did it . ’
‘ no matter what it takes and how long we have to [check out] it we will find out who did it . ’

Is there not to be any competition for the middle and majority of clubs ? Mr Editor , you have a duty on behalf of the 1161 to investigate this matter .
is there not to be any competition for the middle and majority of clubs ? mr editor , you have a duty on behalf of the 1161 to [check out] this matter .

These costs will include direct costs in terms of additional auditor input as envisaged by the requirement of the proposed new standards that the auditor should actively investigate a client company 's going concern status .
these costs will include direct costs in terms of additional auditor input as envisaged by the requirement of the proposed new standards that the auditor should actively [check out] a client company 's going concern status .

Its disciplinary role is to investigate and , if necessary , assign penalties for past disciplinary offences .
its disciplinary role is to [check out] and , if necessary , assign penalties for past disciplinary offences .

In his report , he says that he sees no reason to recommend a change in the Bank 's existing practice of appointing accountants on the basis of their knowledge and understanding to investigate banks under ss 39 and 41 of the Banking Act .
in his report , he says that he sees no reason to recommend a change in the bank 's existing practice of appointing accountants on the basis of their knowledge and understanding to [check out] banks under ss 39 and 41 of the banking act .

The terms should also make it clear that the committee has the power to investigate matters within its brief and that it has full access to information .
the terms should also make it clear that the committee has the power to [check out] matters within its brief and that it has full access to information .

He proceeded to investigate Mr Slade , Mr Kempton and the company .
he proceeded to [check out] mr slade , mr kempton and the company .

Charity Commissioners are to investigate the Courtney Foundation 's accounts after complaints from members of the public .
charity commissioners are to [check out] the courtney foundation 's accounts after complaints from members of the public .

Bill , 76 , asked Street chiefs to investigate and they discovered that episodes of the popular show screened in Britain five years ago are now topping the ratings in Thailand and they have made Percy a national hero .
bill , 76 , asked street chiefs to [check out] and they discovered that episodes of the popular show screened in britain five years ago are now topping the ratings in thailand and they have made percy a national hero .

Last night the Consumers ' Association Which ? promised to investigate .
last night the consumers ' association which ? promised to [check out] .

’ Mandy refused to speak to a Scotland Yard serious crime squad when they tried to investigate allegations of under-age sex when the affair came to light six years ago .
’ mandy refused to speak to a scotland yard serious crime squad when they tried to [check out] allegations of under-age sex when the affair came to light six years ago .

Her death on Monday was first thought to have been an accident , but a coroner ordered police to investigate .
her death on monday was first thought to have been an accident , but a coroner ordered police to [check out] .

The pressure group , made up mainly of small business customers , wants the Government to set up an independent body to investigate cases like his .
the pressure group , made up mainly of small business customers , wants the government to set up an independent body to [check out] cases like his .

The Department of Trade and Industry 's Companies Division has come up with a new model form , intended to help companies to investigate ownership of their shares under s 212 of the Companies Act 1985 ( p 100 ) .
the department of trade and industry 's companies division has come up with a new model form , intended to help companies to [check out] ownership of their shares under s 212 of the companies act 1985 ( p 100 ) .

The Department of Trade and Industry 's Companies Division has come up with a new model form , which it believes will help companies investigate their shares under s 212 of the 1985 Companies Act .
the department of trade and industry 's companies division has come up with a new model form , which it believes will help companies [check out] their shares under s 212 of the 1985 companies act .

In a later elaboration of his perspective , Anderson argues more generally that kin relations must always be understood in terms of the kind of calculations people make , and this should provide the starting-point for any analysis : ‘ if we are to understand variations and patterns of kinship relationships , the only worthwhile approach is to consciously and explicitly investigate the manifold advantages and disadvantages that any actor can obtain from maintaining one relational pattern rather than another ’ ( Anderson , 1972 , p. 226 ) .
in a later elaboration of his perspective , anderson argues more generally that kin relations must always be understood in terms of the kind of calculations people make , and this should provide the starting-point for any analysis : ‘ if we are to understand variations and patterns of kinship relationships , the only worthwhile approach is to consciously and explicitly [check out] the manifold advantages and disadvantages that any actor can obtain from maintaining one relational pattern rather than another ’ ( anderson , 1972 , p. 226 ) .

Farther down the coast we saw a huge kittiwake colony on an inland cliff and went to investigate .
farther down the coast we saw a huge kittiwake colony on an inland cliff and went to [check out] .

To investigate the effect of bcl-2 expression on c-Myc-induced apoptosis , we infected Rat-1/c-Myc-ER cells with a retrovirus directing constitutive expression of human bcl-2α together with a puromycin-resistant marker .
to [check out] the effect of bcl-2 expression on c-myc-induced apoptosis , we infected rat-1/c-myc-er cells with a retrovirus directing constitutive expression of human bcl-2α together with a puromycin-resistant marker .

Using the correlations now established between phenotype and function , lymphocytes may be divided in order to investigate lifespan further .
using the correlations now established between phenotype and function , lymphocytes may be divided in order to [check out] lifespan further .

Previous in vitro attempts to investigate the role of thymic stromal cells in T-cell development have been hampered by the limited ability of monolayer cultures to support a full programme of T-cell maturation and by the difficulty of obtaining cultures of thymic epithelial cells that maintain their in vivo phenotype .
previous in vitro attempts to [check out] the role of thymic stromal cells in t-cell development have been hampered by the limited ability of monolayer cultures to support a full programme of t-cell maturation and by the difficulty of obtaining cultures of thymic epithelial cells that maintain their in vivo phenotype .

Artificial selection has also been used to investigate the evolution of ageing .
artificial selection has also been used to [check out] the evolution of ageing .

An alternative might be to investigate the effects on life history of making a diploid from two independent strains of a habitually haploid organism .
an alternative might be to [check out] the effects on life history of making a diploid from two independent strains of a habitually haploid organism .

Islington responded to the formal complaints by appointing the superintendent 's immediate line manager to investigate the allegations in December , which Harris says resulted in a lack of objectivity .
islington responded to the formal complaints by appointing the superintendent 's immediate line manager to [check out] the allegations in december , which harris says resulted in a lack of objectivity .

People will start to investigate , and you , my Bastard Boy , will be discovered .
people will start to [check out] , and you , my bastard boy , will be discovered .

‘ People start to investigate .
‘ people start to [check out] .

The federal prosecutor for crimes of terror and extremism , Alexander von Stahl , has begun to investigate the right-wing kind , albeit belatedly .
the federal prosecutor for crimes of terror and extremism , alexander von stahl , has begun to [check out] the right-wing kind , albeit belatedly .

Employment was more easily lost than obtained in the eighteenth century , for supervisors with power of removal over their subordinates rarely had much inclination to investigate the accuracy of an accusation against one of their officers , if that charge was brought with the support of a man of political influence who might harm his own career if thwarted .
employment was more easily lost than obtained in the eighteenth century , for supervisors with power of removal over their subordinates rarely had much inclination to [check out] the accuracy of an accusation against one of their officers , if that charge was brought with the support of a man of political influence who might harm his own career if thwarted .

But they 'll send divers down to investigate , to find out whether it 's a passenger-carrying jet or not and to try to ascertain the cause of the accident .
but they 'll send divers down to [check out] , to find out whether it 's a passenger-carrying jet or not and to try to ascertain the cause of the accident .

It is this ‘ something ’ that we need to investigate , because the more we can understand what turns stress on , the more we may be able to devise new and effective ways of turning it off .
it is this ‘ something ’ that we need to [check out] , because the more we can understand what turns stress on , the more we may be able to devise new and effective ways of turning it off .

’ Sister sent Staff Nurse Robins to investigate .
’ sister sent staff nurse robins to [check out] .

Sculptors for the most part have ignored the results of the industrial revolution and failed to investigate these fundamental processes of steel-making , engineering and construction .
sculptors for the most part have ignored the results of the industrial revolution and failed to [check out] these fundamental processes of steel-making , engineering and construction .

The main theme Laclotte has chosen to investigate is the work of Giorgione and Titian , and their influence through the century , and while a number of artists and types of art are inevitably sidelined , this choice gives the exhibition an unusual coherence .
the main theme laclotte has chosen to [check out] is the work of giorgione and titian , and their influence through the century , and while a number of artists and types of art are inevitably sidelined , this choice gives the exhibition an unusual coherence .

In the 1970s a prisoner from one of the labour camps had assembled a group of volunteers , including experts on dowsing , to investigate what he claimed to have located — Ivan the Terrible 's library .
in the 1970s a prisoner from one of the labour camps had assembled a group of volunteers , including experts on dowsing , to [check out] what he claimed to have located — ivan the terrible 's library .

investigate the coincidental disappearance of some famous jewels from the Prado and of a young American tourist in Spain in The Eyes of Montezuma . Once read , never forgotten …
[check out] the coincidental disappearance of some famous jewels from the prado and of a young american tourist in spain in the eyes of montezuma . once read , never forgotten …

Nick Veronico and Alan Curry investigate the world 's population of surviving Japanese World War Two airframes .
nick veronico and alan curry [check out] the world 's population of surviving japanese world war two airframes .

Weiss was Ritschl 's son-in-law , and had set out to investigate the theme of the kingdom of God in the synoptic gospels with a suspicion that it amounted to something rather different from what Ritschl had made of it .
weiss was ritschl 's son-in-law , and had set out to [check out] the theme of the kingdom of god in the synoptic gospels with a suspicion that it amounted to something rather different from what ritschl had made of it .

The building houses one of Drachenfels ' coaches , which you should certainly try to get the adventurers to investigate !
the building houses one of drachenfels ' coaches , which you should certainly try to get the adventurers to [check out] !

If the adventurers really want to investigate this place , it appears as a whirling vortex of buff-coloured smoke , with a strong smell of bile .
if the adventurers really want to [check out] this place , it appears as a whirling vortex of buff-coloured smoke , with a strong smell of bile .

When the adventurers get the chance to investigate , the archways are an intriguing find .
when the adventurers get the chance to [check out] , the archways are an intriguing find .

Time after time , ministers who thought they knew their churches inside-out discover new factors relating to their growth or lack of it , of which they would have remained blissfully unaware if they had not taken the trouble to investigate .
time after time , ministers who thought they knew their churches inside-out discover new factors relating to their growth or lack of it , of which they would have remained blissfully unaware if they had not taken the trouble to [check out] .

This may be a lengthy discourse on the ‘ single thread ’ , but it is important to investigate these basics , for when they are known , the multiple interactions , the complexities of the weaving process itself , become far easier to understand .
this may be a lengthy discourse on the ‘ single thread ’ , but it is important to [check out] these basics , for when they are known , the multiple interactions , the complexities of the weaving process itself , become far easier to understand .

It is possible to investigate working-class consciousness through those records that survive ( admittedly relatively few ) and oral testimony .
it is possible to [check out] working-class consciousness through those records that survive ( admittedly relatively few ) and oral testimony .

From the other side , an increasing number of social anthropologists are bringing their subject home to investigate small communities or self-contained sectors of western society , the traditional domain of sociologists .
from the other side , an increasing number of social anthropologists are bringing their subject home to [check out] small communities or self-contained sectors of western society , the traditional domain of sociologists .

As he saw it , his discovery of the two types of kinship terminology afforded a powerful new research tool to investigate historical connections and to reconstruct links which had otherwise disappeared or been forgotten ( as well they might , since they had probably never existed ! )
as he saw it , his discovery of the two types of kinship terminology afforded a powerful new research tool to [check out] historical connections and to reconstruct links which had otherwise disappeared or been forgotten ( as well they might , since they had probably never existed ! )

Tylor decided to investigate , guided by the shrewd hunch that there might be statistically valid correlations between avoidance behaviour and choice of residence at marriage .
tylor decided to [check out] , guided by the shrewd hunch that there might be statistically valid correlations between avoidance behaviour and choice of residence at marriage .

His strong defence was supported by authority members , convened in a small working party to investigate the allegations .
his strong defence was supported by authority members , convened in a small working party to [check out] the allegations .

Police in Cheshire and Greater Manchester have joined forces to investigate a series of attacks which span more than six years .
police in cheshire and greater manchester have joined forces to [check out] a series of attacks which span more than six years .

Judicial and police officials arrived the next day to investigate , but their inquiry was seriously flawed .
judicial and police officials arrived the next day to [check out] , but their inquiry was seriously flawed .

This post is available for a graduate in chemistry , physics or materials science to investigate materials for use in rechargeable batteries suitable for powering a new generation of consumer products .
this post is available for a graduate in chemistry , physics or materials science to [check out] materials for use in rechargeable batteries suitable for powering a new generation of consumer products .

’ Personal independence can also be encouraged if the visually handicapped pupil can find , fetch and return materials from known locations rather than wasting time trying to investigate muddled cupboards , or asking or expecting the fully sighted to undertake the searching .
’ personal independence can also be encouraged if the visually handicapped pupil can find , fetch and return materials from known locations rather than wasting time trying to [check out] muddled cupboards , or asking or expecting the fully sighted to undertake the searching .

Three journalists who went to investigate the shooting were abducted at gun point by people who said they were police officers .
three journalists who went to [check out] the shooting were abducted at gun point by people who said they were police officers .

Before he took office in 1985 , Cerezo said , ‘ We are not going to be able to investigate the past .
before he took office in 1985 , cerezo said , ‘ we are not going to be able to [check out] the past .

They have the vital factor of the opposable thumb , without which it would be impossible to handle and investigate objects with any degree of manual dexterity .
they have the vital factor of the opposable thumb , without which it would be impossible to handle and [check out] objects with any degree of manual dexterity .

Apes and monkeys , like humans , have an opposable thumb which enables them to handle and investigate objects .
apes and monkeys , like humans , have an opposable thumb which enables them to handle and [check out] objects .

This will be sufficient to investigate the energy range in which the electromagnetic forces should become unified with the weak forces according to the Salam-Weinberg theory , but not the enormously high energy at which the weak and electromagnetic interactions would be predicted to become unified with the strong interactions .
this will be sufficient to [check out] the energy range in which the electromagnetic forces should become unified with the weak forces according to the salam-weinberg theory , but not the enormously high energy at which the weak and electromagnetic interactions would be predicted to become unified with the strong interactions .

Third , the Mental Health Act Commission has a specific and quite narrow remit to protect the rights of detained patients , to ensure that the provisions of the Mental Health Act of 1983 for consent to treatment are followed , and to investigate individual complaints .
third , the mental health act commission has a specific and quite narrow remit to protect the rights of detained patients , to ensure that the provisions of the mental health act of 1983 for consent to treatment are followed , and to [check out] individual complaints .

It would be wise to fully investigate why such sites are on the market .
it would be wise to fully [check out] why such sites are on the market .

The greater number of developers are not necessarily confined to any particular geographical area and will , therefore , not only investigate the market potential in the immediate locality of their home base , but Will be equally prepared to operate at a distance .
the greater number of developers are not necessarily confined to any particular geographical area and will , therefore , not only [check out] the market potential in the immediate locality of their home base , but will be equally prepared to operate at a distance .

The true entrepreneur will also investigate the potential of a locality while on business trips or holidays .
the true entrepreneur will also [check out] the potential of a locality while on business trips or holidays .

In conclusion , therefore , it is essential to investigate thoroughly the exact location of all mains services affecting the site and to assess the financial implications on layout and density or the cost of removal or diversion .
in conclusion , therefore , it is essential to [check out] thoroughly the exact location of all mains services affecting the site and to assess the financial implications on layout and density or the cost of removal or diversion .

In addition it may be necessary to investigate the nature of any industrial development , and the direction of the prevailing wind , to verify that the site will not be affected by effluent , smoke , fumes or smell .
in addition it may be necessary to [check out] the nature of any industrial development , and the direction of the prevailing wind , to verify that the site will not be affected by effluent , smoke , fumes or smell .

The final aspect of the site-finding exercise is to assess the market potential of the area and investigate those external factors which will affect sales and site desirability .
the final aspect of the site-finding exercise is to assess the market potential of the area and [check out] those external factors which will affect sales and site desirability .

We have argued that such institutions should be public ( though not ruling out the possibility of a role , even an important role , for private actions , as an additional deterrent to abuses of market power ) ; that there should be a single investigating institution with powers to identify and to investigate cases , and to propose remedies , within a clearly stated framework of rules and guidelines ; that firms should be given an opportunity to make representations as to why the competition policy presumptions should not apply in a particular case ; and that there should be a competition tribunal with the task of reviewing and monitoring the recommendations of the competition policy institution .
we have argued that such institutions should be public ( though not ruling out the possibility of a role , even an important role , for private actions , as an additional deterrent to abuses of market power ) ; that there should be a single investigating institution with powers to identify and to [check out] cases , and to propose remedies , within a clearly stated framework of rules and guidelines ; that firms should be given an opportunity to make representations as to why the competition policy presumptions should not apply in a particular case ; and that there should be a competition tribunal with the task of reviewing and monitoring the recommendations of the competition policy institution .

‘ He returned from patrol duty shortly after you departed to investigate the second energy trace , ’ explained the junior .
‘ he returned from patrol duty shortly after you departed to [check out] the second energy trace , ’ explained the junior .

Translators should find it useful to investigate and compare the expression of such categories and the meanings associated with various structures in their source and target languages .
translators should find it useful to [check out] and compare the expression of such categories and the meanings associated with various structures in their source and target languages .

The same principle was used in Philadelphia to investigate the alternation between [ str ] and [ ?
the same principle was used in philadelphia to [check out] the alternation between [ str ] and [ ?

But where the two groups live together , there appears to be no clear difference in language use , an example being the Protestants and Catholics of working-class East Belfast whose language was analysed during a pilot study designed to investigate possible effects of ethnicity ( see 6.2.2 ) .
but where the two groups live together , there appears to be no clear difference in language use , an example being the protestants and catholics of working-class east belfast whose language was analysed during a pilot study designed to [check out] possible effects of ethnicity ( see 6.2.2 ) .

Other speakers seemed to be relatively exposed to standardizing mainstream influences , in that they had contracted few personal ties which were likely to exert normative pressure on their behaviour ; but in any case the geographical spread of the ties contracted by most Braniel speakers made them difficult to investigate .
other speakers seemed to be relatively exposed to standardizing mainstream influences , in that they had contracted few personal ties which were likely to exert normative pressure on their behaviour ; but in any case the geographical spread of the ties contracted by most braniel speakers made them difficult to [check out] .

Supplementing the corpus with more recordings of naturally occurring speech would have been very time-consuming , so a questionnaire was designed in order to investigate ( amongst other things ) the possibility of such a constraint operating .
supplementing the corpus with more recordings of naturally occurring speech would have been very time-consuming , so a questionnaire was designed in order to [check out] ( amongst other things ) the possibility of such a constraint operating .

Attempts in Belfast to investigate experimentally constraints on the highly stigmatized non-standard concord rule ( see 7.4 ) ran up against these problems , and similar difficulties are encountered with bilingual speakers ( 8.3.2 ) .
attempts in belfast to [check out] experimentally constraints on the highly stigmatized non-standard concord rule ( see 7.4 ) ran up against these problems , and similar difficulties are encountered with bilingual speakers ( 8.3.2 ) .

Further evidence of these weaknesses is the way governments , faced with difficult problems , do not turn to the departments ( or to the Commons ) but set up commissions and inquiries manned by distinguished outsiders to investigate and pronounce .
further evidence of these weaknesses is the way governments , faced with difficult problems , do not turn to the departments ( or to the commons ) but set up commissions and inquiries manned by distinguished outsiders to [check out] and pronounce .

In 1983 Mr St John Stevas promoted a private member 's bill , The National Audit Bill , which sought to give the Comptroller and Auditor General access to the accounts of nationalized industries so that his staff could investigate them as they do the accounts of government departments .
in 1983 mr st john stevas promoted a private member 's bill , the national audit bill , which sought to give the comptroller and auditor general access to the accounts of nationalized industries so that his staff could [check out] them as they do the accounts of government departments .

In accordance with the Sheriff Courts ( Scotland ) Act 1971 , the Secretary of State for Scotland asked two senior Scottish judges ( the Lord President of the Court of Session and the Lord Justice Clerk ) to investigate and they reported their finding of misbehaviour which , as for Circuit judges and Recorders in England and Wales , was a ground for dismissal .
in accordance with the sheriff courts ( scotland ) act 1971 , the secretary of state for scotland asked two senior scottish judges ( the lord president of the court of session and the lord justice clerk ) to [check out] and they reported their finding of misbehaviour which , as for circuit judges and recorders in england and wales , was a ground for dismissal .

Royal Commissions have more prestige but nothing of real consequence flows from this , and the matters which these bodies investigate vary greatly in importance .
royal commissions have more prestige but nothing of real consequence flows from this , and the matters which these bodies [check out] vary greatly in importance .

In 1978 a Tribunal was appointed , under the chairmanship of Mr Justice Croom-Johnson , to investigate the activities of the Crown Agents .
in 1978 a tribunal was appointed , under the chairmanship of mr justice croom-johnson , to [check out] the activities of the crown agents .

Most famously , after the Al Fayed brothers had acquired the House of Fraser , which includes Harrods , the Secretary of State in April 1987 appointed inspectors under the Companies Act 1985 to investigate and report on alleged fraud and deceit in the takeover .
most famously , after the al fayed brothers had acquired the house of fraser , which includes harrods , the secretary of state in april 1987 appointed inspectors under the companies act 1985 to [check out] and report on alleged fraud and deceit in the takeover .

Leaving Rosie in charge , he went to investigate and found a three cornered argument in progress .
leaving rosie in charge , he went to [check out] and found a three cornered argument in progress .

My own offering to the state of knowledge about the status of British women has been to investigate two particular questions .
my own offering to the state of knowledge about the status of british women has been to [check out] two particular questions .

Before she could investigate further , her own dim worm fired a warning shot .
before she could [check out] further , her own dim worm fired a warning shot .

The ground got steadily hillier , and here and there rock outcrops stood out which , had they not been so near to towns , he would have been tempted to investigate .
the ground got steadily hillier , and here and there rock outcrops stood out which , had they not been so near to towns , he would have been tempted to [check out] .

He knew the time had come to head directly north along the western coast and investigate Cape Wrath at last .
he knew the time had come to head directly north along the western coast and [check out] cape wrath at last .

An equally important issue to investigate is how stigmatization may be linked to the fear of being different .
an equally important issue to [check out] is how stigmatization may be linked to the fear of being different .

It has been contended accordingly that managers should be allowed to determine for themselves how thoroughly they need investigate the background to a transaction , since judicial interference in this process is likely to lead only to wasteful investigations and excessive documentation in order to provide a defence if litigation ensues .
it has been contended accordingly that managers should be allowed to determine for themselves how thoroughly they need [check out] the background to a transaction , since judicial interference in this process is likely to lead only to wasteful investigations and excessive documentation in order to provide a defence if litigation ensues .

If we investigate the origins of modern Constitutions , we find that , practically without exception , they were drawn up and adopted because people wished to make a fresh start , so far as the statement of their system of government was concerned .
if we [check out] the origins of modern constitutions , we find that , practically without exception , they were drawn up and adopted because people wished to make a fresh start , so far as the statement of their system of government was concerned .

We wish to investigate the experience of being a female , or a male , student in higher education , and whether the experience of studying science is different from studying arts .
we wish to [check out] the experience of being a female , or a male , student in higher education , and whether the experience of studying science is different from studying arts .

The guidelines that we rely on here are parallel to those of ‘ exploratory ’ science , as described by Tukey ( 1977 ) , Diaconis ( 1985 ) and others , and also to those of ethnographers who investigate the internal structures of non-mainstream societies .
the guidelines that we rely on here are parallel to those of ‘ exploratory ’ science , as described by tukey ( 1977 ) , diaconis ( 1985 ) and others , and also to those of ethnographers who [check out] the internal structures of non-mainstream societies .

As the investigators are themselves out-group members , they can not have reliable prior intuitions as to the social meanings conveyed and must investigate these by observation and analysis .
as the investigators are themselves out-group members , they can not have reliable prior intuitions as to the social meanings conveyed and must [check out] these by observation and analysis .

As these anthropologists chose to investigate geographically peripheral communities , so we chose in the first instance to investigate communities that are marginal in a different sense .
as these anthropologists chose to [check out] geographically peripheral communities , so we chose in the first instance to [check out] communities that are marginal in a different sense .

We chose to investigate in the first place the speech of those who are not very likely to be directly affected by mainstream norms , and whose speech is of the type that had been least explored by descriptive linguists — the urban working class .
we chose to [check out] in the first place the speech of those who are not very likely to be directly affected by mainstream norms , and whose speech is of the type that had been least explored by descriptive linguists — the urban working class .

These internal norms are the special property of the community itself , and they are not evident to the outside observer ; therefore , to find out what they are , we must investigate the communities in depth and at a fine-grained level of detail .
these internal norms are the special property of the community itself , and they are not evident to the outside observer ; therefore , to find out what they are , we must [check out] the communities in depth and at a fine-grained level of detail .

Older characterizations of ‘ speech community ’ , such as that of Wyld ( 1927 : 47 ) , assume that everybody speaking a ‘ dialect ’ speaks in the same way : these scholars would therefore have believed that inner-city Belfast is homogeneous and would simply not have expected to find the enormous diversity that actually does exist , so they probably would not have bothered to investigate it .
older characterizations of ‘ speech community ’ , such as that of wyld ( 1927 : 47 ) , assume that everybody speaking a ‘ dialect ’ speaks in the same way : these scholars would therefore have believed that inner-city belfast is homogeneous and would simply not have expected to find the enormous diversity that actually does exist , so they probably would not have bothered to [check out] it .

One project for the future would be to investigate the necessary social conditions for social representations .
one project for the future would be to [check out] the necessary social conditions for social representations .

It should be a task of social representation theory to investigate those strands of contemporary culture which , properly speaking , might be called objectified social representations , as well as those other elements , which are not objectified representations .
it should be a task of social representation theory to [check out] those strands of contemporary culture which , properly speaking , might be called objectified social representations , as well as those other elements , which are not objectified representations .

Although in chapter 6 an attempt was made to investigate the nature of the artefact per se , even a cursory examination of artefacts as actually employed within different societies reveals the extreme diversity of uses and connotations among physically similar forms .
although in chapter 6 an attempt was made to [check out] the nature of the artefact per se , even a cursory examination of artefacts as actually employed within different societies reveals the extreme diversity of uses and connotations among physically similar forms .

My intention in this chapter is not to construct a systematic model of the properties of material culture in society , but rather to investigate through a series of illustrations the interaction between material culture and certain contextual dimensions , emphasizing the implications of the materiality of the object as symbol .
my intention in this chapter is not to construct a systematic model of the properties of material culture in society , but rather to [check out] through a series of illustrations the interaction between material culture and certain contextual dimensions , emphasizing the implications of the materiality of the object as symbol .

Various authors have attempted to investigate the qualities which pertain to the nature of spatial order as such ( e.g .
various authors have attempted to [check out] the qualities which pertain to the nature of spatial order as such ( e.g .

Levinson 1983 ; Sperber and Wilson 1986 ) is likely to be of far greater significance than semantics of syntax in those material culture studies which investigate the object 's communicative abilities .
levinson 1983 ; sperber and wilson 1986 ) is likely to be of far greater significance than semantics of syntax in those material culture studies which [check out] the object 's communicative abilities .

Thus , trying to find the best ‘ fit ’ between factors and outcomes was not very illuminating ; what was necessary was to investigate combinations of causes at a more detailed and qualitative level .
thus , trying to find the best ‘ fit ’ between factors and outcomes was not very illuminating ; what was necessary was to [check out] combinations of causes at a more detailed and qualitative level .

It is this relationship — between geographical change and economic change — that we are now going to investigate further .
it is this relationship — between geographical change and economic change — that we are now going to [check out] further .

The final two components in ' any system of formal management control involve measuring the resources consumed and reporting thereon to management so that they can investigate adverse variances and initiate corrective action .
the final two components in ' any system of formal management control involve measuring the resources consumed and reporting thereon to management so that they can [check out] adverse variances and initiate corrective action .

The sheer growth of central and local government spending on education in the 1960s caused the Department of Education and Science to investigate the possible adoption of programme budgeting .
the sheer growth of central and local government spending on education in the 1960s caused the department of education and science to [check out] the possible adoption of programme budgeting .

It is carried out to investigate and report on the responsibility assumed , and to establish that a report on the discharge of the responsibility is a correct or fair one .
it is carried out to [check out] and report on the responsibility assumed , and to establish that a report on the discharge of the responsibility is a correct or fair one .

in appropriate cases , to investigate the effectiveness of programmes and projects in meeting established goals .
in appropriate cases , to [check out] the effectiveness of programmes and projects in meeting established goals .

Without tampering with the deviant sentence itself , we can investigate the effects of placing it in variously elaborated discourse contexts .
without tampering with the deviant sentence itself , we can [check out] the effects of placing it in variously elaborated discourse contexts .

Somebody went along to investigate the original shooting .
somebody went along to [check out] the original shooting .

It becomes the teachers ' responsibility to identify and investigate problems connected with their own and their school 's practice ; to evaluate existing provision in relation to context and to propose , implement and evaluate remedies that are within their resources .
it becomes the teachers ' responsibility to identify and [check out] problems connected with their own and their school 's practice ; to evaluate existing provision in relation to context and to propose , implement and evaluate remedies that are within their resources .

The commitment to whole curriculum planning and review represented in the final report suggested a need to investigate further the implications of whole school curriculum development .
the commitment to whole curriculum planning and review represented in the final report suggested a need to [check out] further the implications of whole school curriculum development .

When we walked down to investigate , we found the drivers asleep in the road beneath their cabs .
when we walked down to [check out] , we found the drivers asleep in the road beneath their cabs .

Courts , if they had been called upon to investigate people 's employment protection rights , might well have deemed some of them to have had one continuous employment relationship broken only by shortages of work rather than a series of different relationships .
courts , if they had been called upon to [check out] people 's employment protection rights , might well have deemed some of them to have had one continuous employment relationship broken only by shortages of work rather than a series of different relationships .

By using the hierarchical tree structure of spatial and associative data it becomes relatively easy to investigate the relationship between parts in adjacent and remote assemblies .
by using the hierarchical tree structure of spatial and associative data it becomes relatively easy to [check out] the relationship between parts in adjacent and remote assemblies .

This can then be assembled and displayed graphically in order to investigate a design situation or problem .
this can then be assembled and displayed graphically in order to [check out] a design situation or problem .

On our way back to the main road , at the end of the day we persuaded the reluctant Halim to investigate with us the loud festivities issuing from an isolated group of stilt houses .
on our way back to the main road , at the end of the day we persuaded the reluctant halim to [check out] with us the loud festivities issuing from an isolated group of stilt houses .

You study the circumstances of the accident and its results ; you investigate the strength of the metal and the pressures developed .
you study the circumstances of the accident and its results ; you [check out] the strength of the metal and the pressures developed .

To investigate our rhythms , some individuals have lived for long periods in underground caves , cut off from sunlight .
to [check out] our rhythms , some individuals have lived for long periods in underground caves , cut off from sunlight .

He could at least , whatever his personal reticence , have promised to investigate the problem of the insufficient chairs .
he could at least , whatever his personal reticence , have promised to [check out] the problem of the insufficient chairs .

Having completed the calculations for the potential of a point charge , we shall now investigate a more complicated situation .
having completed the calculations for the potential of a point charge , we shall now [check out] a more complicated situation .

Yes , you guessed correctly , we are going to investigate the equipotential surfaces and field lines of two point charges .
yes , you guessed correctly , we are going to [check out] the equipotential surfaces and field lines of two point charges .

We shall now investigate the case when the charge is uniformly distributed over a plane ( the x , y plane in Fig .
we shall now [check out] the case when the charge is uniformly distributed over a plane ( the x , y plane in fig .

If we investigate a small enough part of the boundary between two arbitrary media we can always regard the boundary as a plane surface .
if we [check out] a small enough part of the boundary between two arbitrary media we can always regard the boundary as a plane surface .

We shall investigate here just one more physical configuration where in spite of having a finite current the magnetic field may be disregarded .
we shall [check out] here just one more physical configuration where in spite of having a finite current the magnetic field may be disregarded .

Let us investigate now the converse problem when the wire is stationary but the equipment producing the magnetic field is moved lock , stock , and barrel with the same velocity in the opposite direction .
let us [check out] now the converse problem when the wire is stationary but the equipment producing the magnetic field is moved lock , stock , and barrel with the same velocity in the opposite direction .

Although this idea of hemispheric competition is not very precise , a number of studies have been carried out to investigate speech lateralisation among stutterers .
although this idea of hemispheric competition is not very precise , a number of studies have been carried out to [check out] speech lateralisation among stutterers .

One class of experiment which has been used to investigate this issue involves what is known as a lexical decision task .
one class of experiment which has been used to [check out] this issue involves what is known as a lexical decision task .

Again you will need to investigate the legality of hiring for classroom use but where it is legal this can give you access mainly to feature films , cartoons for children and possibly to some documentary series .
again you will need to [check out] the legality of hiring for classroom use but where it is legal this can give you access mainly to feature films , cartoons for children and possibly to some documentary series .

The idea is to investigate changes in variability with age .
the idea is to [check out] changes in variability with age .

Sometimes an expedition under orders from the Sibirskii prikaz ( Siberian Department ) in Moscow would be the first to penetrate into a region ; at other times hunters and traders would investigate a new river system on their own , later reporting their success to the local military governor ( voevoda ) , who would then penetrate the region asserting government control over the inhabitants .
sometimes an expedition under orders from the sibirskii prikaz ( siberian department ) in moscow would be the first to penetrate into a region ; at other times hunters and traders would [check out] a new river system on their own , later reporting their success to the local military governor ( voevoda ) , who would then penetrate the region asserting government control over the inhabitants .

The health group took part in a nationwide survey into housing and health and started to investigate the research that had already been carried out into heart disease .
the health group took part in a nationwide survey into housing and health and started to [check out] the research that had already been carried out into heart disease .

It is the police who investigate complaints , gather evidence , interrogate suspects and , at the end of the investigation , place their conclusions before a legal official .
it is the police who [check out] complaints , gather evidence , interrogate suspects and , at the end of the investigation , place their conclusions before a legal official .

Although the fiscal does not collect information or investigate the crime he is entitled to intervene and direct himself police investigations .
although the fiscal does not collect information or [check out] the crime he is entitled to intervene and direct himself police investigations .

‘ ( 1 ) strict rules of evidence were inherently inappropriate in a court concerned to decide whether there were substantial grounds for believing something , such as a court considering an application under the Bail Act 1976 ; ( 2 ) when considering an opposed application for bail justices were bound to investigate an alleged change of circumstance but where they erred by refusing so to do their subsequent order was not rendered void , although a court with appropriate jurisdiction could interfere to set it aside .
‘ ( 1 ) strict rules of evidence were inherently inappropriate in a court concerned to decide whether there were substantial grounds for believing something , such as a court considering an application under the bail act 1976 ; ( 2 ) when considering an opposed application for bail justices were bound to [check out] an alleged change of circumstance but where they erred by refusing so to do their subsequent order was not rendered void , although a court with appropriate jurisdiction could interfere to set it aside .

He was said in the article to be a campaigner in Preston who was being paid by local Tory politicians to investigate Oyston .
he was said in the article to be a campaigner in preston who was being paid by local tory politicians to [check out] oyston .

Of course , before Adler 's theory can be rejected on these grounds , it would be necessary to investigate the details of the theory rather than a caricature .
of course , before adler 's theory can be rejected on these grounds , it would be necessary to [check out] the details of the theory rather than a caricature .

It was possible , for instance , to investigate the details of the moon 's orbit , taking into account its finite size , the spin of the earth , the wobble of the earth upon its axis , and so on .
it was possible , for instance , to [check out] the details of the moon 's orbit , taking into account its finite size , the spin of the earth , the wobble of the earth upon its axis , and so on .

It was also possible to investigate the departure of the planets from Kepler 's laws due to the finite mass of the sun , interplanetary forces , etc .
it was also possible to [check out] the departure of the planets from kepler 's laws due to the finite mass of the sun , interplanetary forces , etc .

It may involve complaints about the methods used to investigate the offence : see Reg .
it may involve complaints about the methods used to [check out] the offence : see reg .

In the first place , since little research had taken place outside London , we chose to investigate a provincial city .
in the first place , since little research had taken place outside london , we chose to [check out] a provincial city .

We attempted to investigate , briefly , some aspect of ‘ way of life ’ and found Blacks and Whites had , on average , gone out just under three evenings in the previous week and Asians only one and a half times .
we attempted to [check out] , briefly , some aspect of ‘ way of life ’ and found blacks and whites had , on average , gone out just under three evenings in the previous week and asians only one and a half times .

But one can ask why Adorno did not investigate the origins of swing before so quickly assimilating it to the prevailing Tin Pan Alley dance-band style .
but one can ask why adorno did not [check out] the origins of swing before so quickly assimilating it to the prevailing tin pan alley dance-band style .

There was nothing the big , anxious woman could do to investigate the matter further and although she played the beam of the torch on every inch visible to her , she could n't see whatever it was that might have made her daughter scream other than the damp and secret darkness of the place .
there was nothing the big , anxious woman could do to [check out] the matter further and although she played the beam of the torch on every inch visible to her , she could n't see whatever it was that might have made her daughter scream other than the damp and secret darkness of the place .

‘ He drove you home on that night ? ’ Molly started to investigate .
‘ he drove you home on that night ? ’ molly started to [check out] .

It was the contrast between Mexican and Chinese jades that stimulated European scientists to investigate their respective compositions .
it was the contrast between mexican and chinese jades that stimulated european scientists to [check out] their respective compositions .

The Director of the Serious Fraud Office has decided to investigate suspected offences which appear to her to involve serious or complex fraud .
the director of the serious fraud office has decided to [check out] suspected offences which appear to her to involve serious or complex fraud .

Then , too , Colin Watson was particularly adept in the creation of the detective he chose to investigate , or struggle with , the curious crimes he made to happen in everyday Flaxborough .
then , too , colin watson was particularly adept in the creation of the detective he chose to [check out] , or struggle with , the curious crimes he made to happen in everyday flaxborough .

‘ Do n't investigate your troubles .
‘ do n't [check out] your troubles .

Her heart froze in her throat , and she stilled completely , trying to determine whether anyone had heard and was coming to investigate .
her heart froze in her throat , and she stilled completely , trying to determine whether anyone had heard and was coming to [check out] .

When they began to investigate the tiny houses , they found other bodies : men , women , children … .
when they began to [check out] the tiny houses , they found other bodies : men , women , children … .

Moreover , as a result of the defences of act of God , act of a third party and statutory authority , the courts must investigate not only the reasonableness of the accumulation , but also the defendant 's responsibility for its actual escape .
moreover , as a result of the defences of act of god , act of a third party and statutory authority , the courts must [check out] not only the reasonableness of the accumulation , but also the defendant 's responsibility for its actual escape .

The origins of this reform of the services for deprived children seem to have been in a child care scandal , the O'Neill case , which led to the setting up of the Curtis Committee to investigate contemporary practice .
the origins of this reform of the services for deprived children seem to have been in a child care scandal , the o'neill case , which led to the setting up of the curtis committee to [check out] contemporary practice .

Ad hoc committees may also be set up to investigate specific subjects .
ad hoc committees may also be set up to [check out] specific subjects .

They investigate specific topics , with the aid of specialist advisers , and have issued some influential reports .
they [check out] specific topics , with the aid of specialist advisers , and have issued some influential reports .

for the duration of the case , to interview the prospective adopters , investigate the relevant circumstances and report to the court .
for the duration of the case , to interview the prospective adopters , [check out] the relevant circumstances and report to the court .

Following mounting concern about some of the problems of adoption and fostering , a departmental committee was set up to investigate .
following mounting concern about some of the problems of adoption and fostering , a departmental committee was set up to [check out] .

In 1954 a Royal Commission was set up to investigate and its Report on the Law Relating to Mental Illness and Mental Deficiency , published in 1957 , was followed by the 1959 Mental Health Act .
in 1954 a royal commission was set up to [check out] and its report on the law relating to mental illness and mental deficiency , published in 1957 , was followed by the 1959 mental health act .

In 1967 , a parliamentary commissioner was established to investigate complaints passed on by Members of Parliament about maladministration in government departments .
in 1967 , a parliamentary commissioner was established to [check out] complaints passed on by members of parliament about maladministration in government departments .

At the same time we need increasing numbers of civil servants and local government officials to administer the services and social science research workers continually to investigate needs and assess the provision .
at the same time we need increasing numbers of civil servants and local government officials to administer the services and social science research workers continually to [check out] needs and assess the provision .

To investigate a reported association between dental disease and risk of coronary heart disease .
to [check out] a reported association between dental disease and risk of coronary heart disease .

This conflict of interest may undermine our patients ' trust that our decisions on whether or not to treat , investigate , or refer are based solely on their needs rather than on what the fund can afford .
this conflict of interest may undermine our patients ' trust that our decisions on whether or not to treat , [check out] , or refer are based solely on their needs rather than on what the fund can afford .

These coupled with the family history of epilepsy prompted us to investigate with electroencephalography .
these coupled with the family history of epilepsy prompted us to [check out] with electroencephalography .

Further research is necessary to investigate mechanisms responsible for the low conception rate in normal weight women with an increased waist-hip ratio .
further research is necessary to [check out] mechanisms responsible for the low conception rate in normal weight women with an increased waist-hip ratio .

Secondly , a royal commission , originally set up in 1987 to investigate the alarmingly high rates of Aboriginal deaths in police and prison custody , expanded its brief to become a wide ranging inquiry into the conditions under which Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander communities live .
secondly , a royal commission , originally set up in 1987 to [check out] the alarmingly high rates of aboriginal deaths in police and prison custody , expanded its brief to become a wide ranging inquiry into the conditions under which aboriginal and torres strait islander communities live .

It was for this reason that the procedure was undertaken at this regional neurology centre , to investigate the young woman , who had headache and bilateral papillo-oedema and in whom cranial imaging showed no abnormality and the opening pressure on lumbar puncture was normal on two occasions .
it was for this reason that the procedure was undertaken at this regional neurology centre , to [check out] the young woman , who had headache and bilateral papillo-oedema and in whom cranial imaging showed no abnormality and the opening pressure on lumbar puncture was normal on two occasions .

1808 " It having been Represented to this Meeting that the Fund for raising the Militia men by a Publick Box was found Inadequate to raise the men , of course the Funds were found deficient by one Hundered and eight pounds 14/- … this Meeting consider themselves bound to advance upon this Deficiency the one half … The Heritors they conceive will pay the other half … " " The Meeting Judge it proper and Expedient to appoint a Committee to investigate into the Deficiency in Militia Funds . "
1808 " it having been represented to this meeting that the fund for raising the militia men by a publick box was found inadequate to raise the men , of course the funds were found deficient by one hundered and eight pounds 14/- … this meeting consider themselves bound to advance upon this deficiency the one half … the heritors they conceive will pay the other half … " " the meeting judge it proper and expedient to appoint a committee to [check out] into the deficiency in militia funds . "

To investigate the relation between parental employment in the nuclear industry and childhood leukaemia and non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma .
to [check out] the relation between parental employment in the nuclear industry and childhood leukaemia and non-hodgkin 's lymphoma .

We report here the results of a case-control study set up to investigate whether the excess was related to parents ' employment in the nuclear industry .
we report here the results of a case-control study set up to [check out] whether the excess was related to parents ' employment in the nuclear industry .

This study was set up to investigate whether the raised incidence of leukaemia in children aged 0–4 years in the West Berkshire and North Hampshire health districts , which was 60 % above the national average in 1972–85 , was related to parental employment in the nuclear industry .
this study was set up to [check out] whether the raised incidence of leukaemia in children aged 0–4 years in the west berkshire and north hampshire health districts , which was 60 % above the national average in 1972–85 , was related to parental employment in the nuclear industry .

Planners will need to investigate and attempt to quantify the numbers of dementia sufferers they may be considering within the planning period .
planners will need to [check out] and attempt to quantify the numbers of dementia sufferers they may be considering within the planning period .

It so happened that in 1885 a Royal Commission had been set up `` to investigate and report upon , the condition of the blind in the United Kingdom , the various systems of education of the blind … the employments open to and suitable for the blind and the means by which education may be extended so as to increase the number of blind persons qualified for such employments . ``
it so happened that in 1885 a royal commission had been set up `` to [check out] and report upon , the condition of the blind in the united kingdom , the various systems of education of the blind … the employments open to and suitable for the blind and the means by which education may be extended so as to increase the number of blind persons qualified for such employments . ``

The Commission had hardly begun its deliberations when public concern and political pressure ensured that it was asked `` to investigate and report similarly upon the condition and education of the Deaf and Dumb . ``
the commission had hardly begun its deliberations when public concern and political pressure ensured that it was asked `` to [check out] and report similarly upon the condition and education of the deaf and dumb . ``

The other perennial educational topic — the use of the combined method in deaf education — also received attention during this period when in 1964 the minister of Education and Science appointed a committee to investigate the desirability of manual communication in teaching .
the other perennial educational topic — the use of the combined method in deaf education — also received attention during this period when in 1964 the minister of education and science appointed a committee to [check out] the desirability of manual communication in teaching .

It is vital that people know of secondary methods of contraception , and we investigate here the current extent of this knowledge .
it is vital that people know of secondary methods of contraception , and we [check out] here the current extent of this knowledge .

Ironically , in the same way that the denial of the risk of harm associated with a possible preventive measure undermines the basis for performing a randomised trial designed to investigate the efficacy of that measure , the exaggeration of the risk of harm tends to undermine public health measures designed to introduce the preventive measure if it is shown to be effective .
ironically , in the same way that the denial of the risk of harm associated with a possible preventive measure undermines the basis for performing a randomised trial designed to [check out] the efficacy of that measure , the exaggeration of the risk of harm tends to undermine public health measures designed to introduce the preventive measure if it is shown to be effective .

It follows that in order to clarify the background to meaningful identifying references to ontological existents , it is necessary to investigate the manner and conditions in which such existents are constituted as target-topics in relevant experiences .
it follows that in order to clarify the background to meaningful identifying references to ontological existents , it is necessary to [check out] the manner and conditions in which such existents are constituted as target-topics in relevant experiences .

To investigate the prevalence of urinary incontinence among people living at home , their responses to it , and its emotional and social effects .
to [check out] the prevalence of urinary incontinence among people living at home , their responses to it , and its emotional and social effects .

Such travellers inevitably brought home souvenirs , many of which were antiquities , and the sight of the classical remains in Greece and Italy prompted some travellers to investigate the history of their own countries .
such travellers inevitably brought home souvenirs , many of which were antiquities , and the sight of the classical remains in greece and italy prompted some travellers to [check out] the history of their own countries .

Today , the gap between treasure hunters and archaeologists is considerable , and there is little possibility of confusing the two : the main aim of the treasure hunter is to make a financial gain from what is found , whereas the main aim of the archaeologist is to investigate the past .
today , the gap between treasure hunters and archaeologists is considerable , and there is little possibility of confusing the two : the main aim of the treasure hunter is to make a financial gain from what is found , whereas the main aim of the archaeologist is to [check out] the past .

The marks left behind on the wood have also been studied for comparison with excavated pieces of timber , and similar experiments have been used to investigate the use of bronze and iron axes .
the marks left behind on the wood have also been studied for comparison with excavated pieces of timber , and similar experiments have been used to [check out] the use of bronze and iron axes .

Because various types of kiln and pottery were in use at different times , many experiments of this type are needed , and similar tests can be used to investigate the manufacture of tiles , and the smelting of ores , for example .
because various types of kiln and pottery were in use at different times , many experiments of this type are needed , and similar tests can be used to [check out] the manufacture of tiles , and the smelting of ores , for example .

The intention of the project was to investigate how teachers across the primary age-range used collaborative tasks as an integral part of their normal classroom activity and what they did to enable the children to work effectively together .
the intention of the project was to [check out] how teachers across the primary age-range used collaborative tasks as an integral part of their normal classroom activity and what they did to enable the children to work effectively together .

Not only does it help children come to terms with deeply felt emotions and powerful personal experiences , it is also a means to investigate the natural world about us .
not only does it help children come to terms with deeply felt emotions and powerful personal experiences , it is also a means to [check out] the natural world about us .

This may mean setting up materials for children to investigate , setting up discussions between children to explore each other 's views and in some cases referring children to secondary sources to compare their beliefs with the information provided there .
this may mean setting up materials for children to [check out] , setting up discussions between children to explore each other 's views and in some cases referring children to secondary sources to compare their beliefs with the information provided there .

In this context , the term inquisitorial seems to mean that chairs feel they have the freedom to investigate cases and elicit the information they think they need in order to get to the truth of the situation , rather than to choose between competing arguments .
in this context , the term inquisitorial seems to mean that chairs feel they have the freedom to [check out] cases and elicit the information they think they need in order to get to the truth of the situation , rather than to choose between competing arguments .

Concern over the reported variations in success rates of represented and unrepresented applicants to tribunals led the Lord Chancellor in 1987 to commission a two-year research project to investigate the effectiveness of representation at tribunals ( Genn and Genn , 1989 ) .
concern over the reported variations in success rates of represented and unrepresented applicants to tribunals led the lord chancellor in 1987 to commission a two-year research project to [check out] the effectiveness of representation at tribunals ( genn and genn , 1989 ) .

But there remains a key distinction between complaints of negligence and of other deficiencies which determines whether The Law Society will investigate complaints .
but there remains a key distinction between complaints of negligence and of other deficiencies which determines whether the law society will [check out] complaints .

call for a file to investigate a complaint of misconduct or shoddy work ;
call for a file to [check out] a complaint of misconduct or shoddy work ;

But first we should turn to investigate the motives and arguments which lead or have led philosophers in this direction .
but first we should turn to [check out] the motives and arguments which lead or have led philosophers in this direction .

Let us investigate this possibility that grammar extends beyond sentences .
let us [check out] this possibility that grammar extends beyond sentences .

That is , unless we believe that language-users present each other with prefabricated chunks of linguistic strings ( sentences ) , after the fashion of Swift 's professors at the grand academy of Lagado ( Gulliver 's Travels , part 3 , chapter 5 ) , then we must assume that the data we investigate is the result of active processes .
that is , unless we believe that language-users present each other with prefabricated chunks of linguistic strings ( sentences ) , after the fashion of swift 's professors at the grand academy of lagado ( gulliver 's travels , part 3 , chapter 5 ) , then we must assume that the data we [check out] is the result of active processes .

Since the pragmatic use of these terms is closely tied to the context in which a discourse occurs , we shall now investigate what aspects of context have to be considered in undertaking the analysis of discourse .
since the pragmatic use of these terms is closely tied to the context in which a discourse occurs , we shall now [check out] what aspects of context have to be considered in undertaking the analysis of discourse .

We shall now investigate some formal aspects of topic-structure in discourse .
we shall now [check out] some formal aspects of topic-structure in discourse .

The end of a paratone is marked in a way similar to the ‘ turn signal ’ discussed by those who investigate conversational discourse as a process of social interaction ( cf .
the end of a paratone is marked in a way similar to the ‘ turn signal ’ discussed by those who [check out] conversational discourse as a process of social interaction ( cf .

Modern breeds of these homing pigeons return so reliably and are so tame and amenable that they make excellent subjects with which to investigate the homing ability .
modern breeds of these homing pigeons return so reliably and are so tame and amenable that they make excellent subjects with which to [check out] the homing ability .

He had no idea what a tropical island cost , or even whether one was available , but it would be fun to investigate .
he had no idea what a tropical island cost , or even whether one was available , but it would be fun to [check out] .

The professor went to investigate .
the professor went to [check out] .

‘ We must investigate the new force , ’ the professor declared .
‘ we must [check out] the new force , ’ the professor declared .

‘ We 're a now going to investigate the properties of circles .
‘ we 're a now going to [check out] the properties of circles .

‘ Why do n't you go and investigate , ’ he suggested .
‘ why do n't you go and [check out] , ’ he suggested .

You went up there not to investigate what happens when you accelerate .
you went up there not to [check out] what happens when you accelerate .

The algorithms we shall investigate will call for quite careful description .
the algorithms we shall [check out] will call for quite careful description .

If these topics are new to you and you feel the urge to investigate them , try the ones by Binmore ( 1980 ) and Hodges ( 1977 ) .
if these topics are new to you and you feel the urge to [check out] them , try the ones by binmore ( 1980 ) and hodges ( 1977 ) .

However , the kind of graph theory which mathematicians investigate is almost totally irrelevant for computing , and even the basic definitions which computing people use are not always the standard graph theoretic ones .
however , the kind of graph theory which mathematicians [check out] is almost totally irrelevant for computing , and even the basic definitions which computing people use are not always the standard graph theoretic ones .

He said that the police would be called to investigate Dempsey and he would be out of a job .
he said that the police would be called to [check out] dempsey and he would be out of a job .

Building Society — Ombudsman — Jurisdiction — Further mortgage advances — Property valuations by societies ' employees — Borrowers ' complaints of negligent surveys to ombudsman — Whether jurisdiction to investigate and determine — Building Societies Act 1986 ( c. 53 ) , s. 83 ( 1 ) , Sch .
building society — ombudsman — jurisdiction — further mortgage advances — property valuations by societies ' employees — borrowers ' complaints of negligent surveys to ombudsman — whether jurisdiction to [check out] and determine — building societies act 1986 ( c. 53 ) , s. 83 ( 1 ) , sch .

The ombudsman shall ( in accordance with and subject to the following clauses of this scheme ) investigate any complaint received by him from an individual if : — ( a ) the complaint relates to action taken in the United Kingdom by a building society or a body associated with it ; ( b ) at the time that the complaint is received by the ombudsman , the building society or ( as the case may be ) associated body is a participant in the scheme ; ( c ) the action was taken in relation to one of the activities specified in clause 17 ; ( d ) the grounds of the complaint are included in the grounds specified in clause 18 ; and ( e ) the complainant alleges that the action has caused him pecuniary loss , expense or inconvenience .
the ombudsman shall ( in accordance with and subject to the following clauses of this scheme ) [check out] any complaint received by him from an individual if : — ( a ) the complaint relates to action taken in the united kingdom by a building society or a body associated with it ; ( b ) at the time that the complaint is received by the ombudsman , the building society or ( as the case may be ) associated body is a participant in the scheme ; ( c ) the action was taken in relation to one of the activities specified in clause 17 ; ( d ) the grounds of the complaint are included in the grounds specified in clause 18 ; and ( e ) the complainant alleges that the action has caused him pecuniary loss , expense or inconvenience .

‘ The ombudsman shall … investigate any complaint received by him from an individual if [ 1 ] … the complaint relates to action taken in the United Kingdom by a building society … [ 2 ] in relation to … the grant or refusal to grant a borrowing member … other or further … advances secured on the same or different land provided that the grounds of complaint [ are ] that [ 3 ] the action complained of constitutes in relation to the complainant : — ( a ) in the case of a participating society , a breach of its obligations under the Act , its rules or any other contract or … ( b ) unfair treatment or ( c ) maladministration .
‘ the ombudsman shall … [check out] any complaint received by him from an individual if [ 1 ] … the complaint relates to action taken in the united kingdom by a building society … [ 2 ] in relation to … the grant or refusal to grant a borrowing member … other or further … advances secured on the same or different land provided that the grounds of complaint [ are ] that [ 3 ] the action complained of constitutes in relation to the complainant : — ( a ) in the case of a participating society , a breach of its obligations under the act , its rules or any other contract or … ( b ) unfair treatment or ( c ) maladministration .

The fact that this conclusion enables the ombudsman to investigate complaints that a professional man has failed to use due care and skill otherwise that in accordance with the common law , is no reason for reaching a contrary conclusion either .
the fact that this conclusion enables the ombudsman to [check out] complaints that a professional man has failed to use due care and skill otherwise that in accordance with the common law , is no reason for reaching a contrary conclusion either .

By section 434 of the Companies Act 1985 if inspectors appointed to investigate the affairs of a company consider that an officer or agent of the company ‘ or any other person ’ is in possession of information relating to a matter relevant to the investigation they may require him :
by section 434 of the companies act 1985 if inspectors appointed to [check out] the affairs of a company consider that an officer or agent of the company ‘ or any other person ’ is in possession of information relating to a matter relevant to the investigation they may require him :

The plaintiffs seek to investigate what they consider to be a serious and complicated fraud .
the plaintiffs seek to [check out] what they consider to be a serious and complicated fraud .

‘ Whenever a death occurs as a result of a breach of another 's duty of care to the deceased , the death is unnatural and the coroner is under a duty to investigate .
‘ whenever a death occurs as a result of a breach of another 's duty of care to the deceased , the death is unnatural and the coroner is under a duty to [check out] .

It follows from these passages from the coroner 's affidavit that he did not consider whether it was appropriate to hold an inquest to investigate whether this was a case in which the cause of death was aggravated by lack of care .
it follows from these passages from the coroner 's affidavit that he did not consider whether it was appropriate to hold an inquest to [check out] whether this was a case in which the cause of death was aggravated by lack of care .

Moreover , there is a statutory duty to investigate ‘ how ’ the death occurred .
moreover , there is a statutory duty to [check out] ‘ how ’ the death occurred .

It is the duty of the official receiver to investigate the conduct and affairs of every bankrupt and to make such report ( if any ) to the court as he thinks fit ( s 289 ( 1 ) ) .
it is the duty of the official receiver to [check out] the conduct and affairs of every bankrupt and to make such report ( if any ) to the court as he thinks fit ( s 289 ( 1 ) ) .

If a certificate of summary administration is in force , the official receiver need only investigate the bankrupt 's conduct and affairs if he thinks fit ( s 289 ( 5 ) ) The official receiver must , at least once , send a report of the state of the bankrupt 's affairs to all creditors and file a copy at court ( r 6.73 ) although the court can release him from this obligation having regard to the funds available and the interests of creditors generally ( r 6.77 ) .
if a certificate of summary administration is in force , the official receiver need only [check out] the bankrupt 's conduct and affairs if he thinks fit ( s 289 ( 5 ) ) the official receiver must , at least once , send a report of the state of the bankrupt 's affairs to all creditors and file a copy at court ( r 6.73 ) although the court can release him from this obligation having regard to the funds available and the interests of creditors generally ( r 6.77 ) .

It is the official receiver 's duty to investigate the conduct and affairs of the bankrupt and to make such report ( if any ) to the court as he thinks fit ( s 289(1) ) .
it is the official receiver 's duty to [check out] the conduct and affairs of the bankrupt and to make such report ( if any ) to the court as he thinks fit ( s 289(1) ) .

The Oxford Archaeological Unit has stated the site to be of limited interest and have said that a full excavation would suffice to investigate it .
the oxford archaeological unit has stated the site to be of limited interest and have said that a full excavation would suffice to [check out] it .

Thanks to Vo Quy — who led the first team of Vietnamese scientists south of the seventeenth parallel to investigate the environmental damage caused during the US/Vietnam war — almost every student in Vietnam plants one to three trees per year as part of the school curriculum .
thanks to vo quy — who led the first team of vietnamese scientists south of the seventeenth parallel to [check out] the environmental damage caused during the us/vietnam war — almost every student in vietnam plants one to three trees per year as part of the school curriculum .

We investigate these laws and , by discovering a normal form for WHILE-free programs , show that they completely characterise the language 's semantics .
we [check out] these laws and , by discovering a normal form for while-free programs , show that they completely characterise the language 's semantics .

The aim of this paper is to investigate the set of laws and to show how they completely characterise the semantics of the language .
the aim of this paper is to [check out] the set of laws and to show how they completely characterise the semantics of the language .

Even if we had no standard semantics to characterise , it would still be necessary to investigate the structure of the classes of inter-transformable programs , because it is only this that reveals the true power of a set of laws .
even if we had no standard semantics to characterise , it would still be necessary to [check out] the structure of the classes of inter-transformable programs , because it is only this that reveals the true power of a set of laws .

Wave asked Britain 's most radical agency to investigate .
wave asked britain 's most radical agency to [check out] .

It seems popular science writing is being redefined thanks to the arrival of a clutch of lavishly-packaged works that investigate new realms where the once-separate worlds of physics , spirituality and human adventure emerge .
it seems popular science writing is being redefined thanks to the arrival of a clutch of lavishly-packaged works that [check out] new realms where the once-separate worlds of physics , spirituality and human adventure emerge .

’ We hope that you and Curb can investigate without that data .
’ we hope that you and curb can [check out] without that data .

Pennings ( 1985 ) is one of the few who has attempted to investigate strategic decision-making taking this simple fact into account .
pennings ( 1985 ) is one of the few who has attempted to [check out] strategic decision-making taking this simple fact into account .

But he himself felt so far from convinced there was any crime to investigate , that he had no desire to spread ill founded suspicions .
but he himself felt so far from convinced there was any crime to [check out] , that he had no desire to spread ill founded suspicions .

The dynamics of decision-making and the exercise of power within the family are difficult to investigate today , let alone for the past .
the dynamics of decision-making and the exercise of power within the family are difficult to [check out] today , let alone for the past .

The avowed programme of Montjoie was to find the link between various arts and to investigate their common tendencies , and Canudo invented the term ‘ cérébrisme ’ to describe this attitude : ‘ Montjoie is the mouthpiece of Cerebrist art , for Cerebrism , according to its own definition , embraces and explains the entire artistic evolution of our age during the past forty years , and in the widest sense , being an aesthetic that is indissolubly cerebral and sensual — against all sentimentality in art and life .
the avowed programme of montjoie was to find the link between various arts and to [check out] their common tendencies , and canudo invented the term ‘ cérébrisme ’ to describe this attitude : ‘ montjoie is the mouthpiece of cerebrist art , for cerebrism , according to its own definition , embraces and explains the entire artistic evolution of our age during the past forty years , and in the widest sense , being an aesthetic that is indissolubly cerebral and sensual — against all sentimentality in art and life .

Inspectors had been appointed to investigate two companies under the control of Robert Maxwell .
inspectors had been appointed to [check out] two companies under the control of robert maxwell .

The Minister was empowered to direct a committee to investigate the operation of a milk marketing scheme ; if the committee reported to the Minister that the scheme was having an effect contrary to the interest of consumers and was not in the public interest , the Minister could , if he thought fit , amend the scheme .
the minister was empowered to direct a committee to [check out] the operation of a milk marketing scheme ; if the committee reported to the minister that the scheme was having an effect contrary to the interest of consumers and was not in the public interest , the minister could , if he thought fit , amend the scheme .

a. investigate and report on references that relate to the existence of a monopoly situation , ie where 25% of a particular market is supplied by one supplier or supply group ;
a. [check out] and report on references that relate to the existence of a monopoly situation , ie where 25% of a particular market is supplied by one supplier or supply group ;

b. investigate mergers between business organizations .
b. [check out] mergers between business organizations .

There may be some who find it relaxing to make some test-tubes or cut out some filter-papers ; and apparatus to investigate previously unsuspected effects must be made from scratch , or assembled opportunistically from things designed for old purposes ; but ready availability of apparatus is an enormous bonus to the scientist , and the growth of science led to a flourishing trade .
there may be some who find it relaxing to make some test-tubes or cut out some filter-papers ; and apparatus to [check out] previously unsuspected effects must be made from scratch , or assembled opportunistically from things designed for old purposes ; but ready availability of apparatus is an enormous bonus to the scientist , and the growth of science led to a flourishing trade .

Darwin 's work gave new directions : first to fill in the gaps in the record so that the history of life would be more complete ; and second , to investigate the origin of mankind , previously a tabooed subject .
darwin 's work gave new directions : first to fill in the gaps in the record so that the history of life would be more complete ; and second , to [check out] the origin of mankind , previously a tabooed subject .

Unable to investigate further the boundary between body and spirit , Crookes moved on to work on that mysterious borderland , as he called it , of matter and energy .
unable to [check out] further the boundary between body and spirit , crookes moved on to work on that mysterious borderland , as he called it , of matter and energy .

He could investigate by invitation only , and even then only in areas selected by the departments themselves ’ ( quoted in Fry , 1988a , p. 6 ) .
he could [check out] by invitation only , and even then only in areas selected by the departments themselves ’ ( quoted in fry , 1988a , p. 6 ) .

In 1966 two separate Royal Commissions were established to investigate local government in England ( excluding London ) and Scotland .
in 1966 two separate royal commissions were established to [check out] local government in england ( excluding london ) and scotland .

The methods that he chose to investigate this phenomenon were mainly social-psychological , enquiring into the motivations and psychological reactions of individual peasants rather than into the concrete structures and conditions of their lives .
the methods that he chose to [check out] this phenomenon were mainly social-psychological , enquiring into the motivations and psychological reactions of individual peasants rather than into the concrete structures and conditions of their lives .

Jake had ventured to investigate Christine 's raised voice .
jake had ventured to [check out] christine 's raised voice .

Debates over the possibility of using civilians to investigate complaints against British police officers often contain references to the ineffectiveness of American Civilian Review Boards ( Cohen , 1985:262 ) .
debates over the possibility of using civilians to [check out] complaints against british police officers often contain references to the ineffectiveness of american civilian review boards ( cohen , 1985:262 ) .

Before undertaking an analysis of the novels , it will therefore be necessary to investigate in more detail what is meant by the term ‘ metaphor ’ .
before undertaking an analysis of the novels , it will therefore be necessary to [check out] in more detail what is meant by the term ‘ metaphor ’ .

The superintendent said she wanted some men to investigate the stories that Nicola was looking into before her death — child porn and drugs .
the superintendent said she wanted some men to [check out] the stories that nicola was looking into before her death — child porn and drugs .

‘ That drugs story you asked me to investigate , Ken , has turned out amazingly .
‘ that drugs story you asked me to [check out] , ken , has turned out amazingly .

Canal companies employed divers to investigate underwater problems .
canal companies employed divers to [check out] underwater problems .

The time has come to investigate .
the time has come to [check out] .

Her teacher had seen a small notice about a charity in Russia which was looking for hosts for children from the affected regions and had contacted a friend , originally from Russia , who helped investigate the charity .
her teacher had seen a small notice about a charity in russia which was looking for hosts for children from the affected regions and had contacted a friend , originally from russia , who helped [check out] the charity .

For the cream of the 1990 's treatment foundations , investigate Mary Cohr 's Hydro-Protein Fluid Foundation and Bourjois ' Teint Naturel Fluide .
for the cream of the 1990 's treatment foundations , [check out] mary cohr 's hydro-protein fluid foundation and bourjois ' teint naturel fluide .

We will thoroughly investigate any complaints notified to us in writing by our readers of any unsatisfactory transactions entered into following any matter published in this magazine .
we will thoroughly [check out] any complaints notified to us in writing by our readers of any unsatisfactory transactions entered into following any matter published in this magazine .

It is necessary to investigate examples of theory and practice in community languages provision as offered in a wide range of local education authorities and to review these examples in the light of the accumulated experience .
it is necessary to [check out] examples of theory and practice in community languages provision as offered in a wide range of local education authorities and to review these examples in the light of the accumulated experience .

There was no more sound , so he slowly reversed back into the road as the Sturmabteilungen from the gate carne up to investigate .
there was no more sound , so he slowly reversed back into the road as the sturmabteilungen from the gate carne up to [check out] .

He decided to investigate , to see if he could gain entry , and crossed the clearing towards the front door .
he decided to [check out] , to see if he could gain entry , and crossed the clearing towards the front door .

Some taxonomists wanted to go beyond mere classification and investigate the geographical distribution of the various species .
some taxonomists wanted to go beyond mere classification and [check out] the geographical distribution of the various species .

Little effort was made to investigate how a species might actually respond when placed in a new environment , and the Lamarckians paid little attention to biogeography .
little effort was made to [check out] how a species might actually respond when placed in a new environment , and the lamarckians paid little attention to biogeography .

Although he saw selection as a plausible hypothesis that confirmed the scientist 's right to investigate the question , he had major reservations about the mechanism and preferred to believe that evolution occurred through saltations or leaps produced by some mechanism internal to the organism .
although he saw selection as a plausible hypothesis that confirmed the scientist 's right to [check out] the question , he had major reservations about the mechanism and preferred to believe that evolution occurred through saltations or leaps produced by some mechanism internal to the organism .

The work of Möbius and Forbes falls into these traditions , while the pressure to study fish resources provided a direct incentive to investigate how populations could be affected by external disturbances such as human activity .
the work of möbius and forbes falls into these traditions , while the pressure to study fish resources provided a direct incentive to [check out] how populations could be affected by external disturbances such as human activity .

It would not harm , at least , to investigate the matter . And if the boy , Kim , could help them find a way …
it would not harm , at least , to [check out] the matter . and if the boy , kim , could help them find a way …

Companies or governments might establish committees with powers to investigate , recommend or even to make decisions .
companies or governments might establish committees with powers to [check out] , recommend or even to make decisions .

He understood very well Keyes 's desire to investigate through poetry the subjects of pain and death , and his feeling of being in far closer communion with William Blake , William Wordsworth [ qq.v . ]
he understood very well keyes 's desire to [check out] through poetry the subjects of pain and death , and his feeling of being in far closer communion with william blake , william wordsworth [ qq.v . ]

In 1400 he was put on a commission to investigate the repair of the timber bridge over the Thames in Kingston , and in 1402 was entertained to supper by the warden of Winchester College .
in 1400 he was put on a commission to [check out] the repair of the timber bridge over the thames in kingston , and in 1402 was entertained to supper by the warden of winchester college .

In 1886 the Local Government Board appointed a commission to investigate Louis Pasteur 's claims to have found a cure for rabies .
in 1886 the local government board appointed a commission to [check out] louis pasteur 's claims to have found a cure for rabies .

to investigate girls ' education in Devon .
to [check out] girls ' education in devon .

Both also joined the League of Nations Union , lecturing widely for it on world peace ; and in 1922 they toured Europe to investigate postwar conditions .
both also joined the league of nations union , lecturing widely for it on world peace ; and in 1922 they toured europe to [check out] postwar conditions .

The first office he is known to have held ( in 1256 ) was the purely local one of coroner and in 1258 he was one of the four Shropshire knights appointed to investigate grievances in the same county under the Provisions of Oxford .
the first office he is known to have held ( in 1256 ) was the purely local one of coroner and in 1258 he was one of the four shropshire knights appointed to [check out] grievances in the same county under the provisions of oxford .

This experience determined Sutton ‘ to dedicate his thoughts solely to the Small-pox ; to … investigate a means whereby … that distemper might be lessened and danger , if possible , prevented by inoculation ’ .
this experience determined sutton ‘ to dedicate his thoughts solely to the small-pox ; to … [check out] a means whereby … that distemper might be lessened and danger , if possible , prevented by inoculation ’ .

If the directors do state their reasons the court will investigate them to the extent of seeing whether they have acted on the right principles and will overrule their decision if they have acted on considerations which should not have weighed with them , but not merely because the court would have come to a different conclusion .
if the directors do state their reasons the court will [check out] them to the extent of seeing whether they have acted on the right principles and will overrule their decision if they have acted on considerations which should not have weighed with them , but not merely because the court would have come to a different conclusion .

Finally , it should be pointed out that one of the grounds on which under section 432 the Secretary of State may appoint inspectors to investigate and report on the affairs of a company is that ‘ the company 's members have not been given all the information with respect to its affairs which they might reasonably expect ’ — whether or not that information is such that they have an express statutory right to be told it .
finally , it should be pointed out that one of the grounds on which under section 432 the secretary of state may appoint inspectors to [check out] and report on the affairs of a company is that ‘ the company 's members have not been given all the information with respect to its affairs which they might reasonably expect ’ — whether or not that information is such that they have an express statutory right to be told it .

We will begin by briefly mentioning one of the first experiments to investigate memory for prose passages , as distinct from single sentences .
we will begin by briefly mentioning one of the first experiments to [check out] memory for prose passages , as distinct from single sentences .

Therefore , the traditional methodology of cognitive psychology , which has typically been developed in order to investigate performance in tasks where correct and incorrect performance can be clearly distinguished , is often inappropriate for studying language production .
therefore , the traditional methodology of cognitive psychology , which has typically been developed in order to [check out] performance in tasks where correct and incorrect performance can be clearly distinguished , is often inappropriate for studying language production .

Unfortunately for our present discussion , Greene did not investigate the production of negatives , only comprehension .
unfortunately for our present discussion , greene did not [check out] the production of negatives , only comprehension .

We need to know who the members of assemblies actually represent and to what extent they are able to investigate and influence executive actions .
we need to know who the members of assemblies actually represent and to what extent they are able to [check out] and influence executive actions .

( 1980 ) concluded that climatology must systematically investigate the exchanges of heat , water and momentum that occur at or near the earth 's surface and should focus upon topoclimatology as well as on transfer processes .
( 1980 ) concluded that climatology must systematically [check out] the exchanges of heat , water and momentum that occur at or near the earth 's surface and should focus upon topoclimatology as well as on transfer processes .

With the minor forms so far described it is possible to investigate causes by means of almost full-sized experiments , but the formation of dunes proper involves the usual sort of inferential argument based on field observation commonly employed by geomorphologists .
with the minor forms so far described it is possible to [check out] causes by means of almost full-sized experiments , but the formation of dunes proper involves the usual sort of inferential argument based on field observation commonly employed by geomorphologists .

There are a number of general theories that are concerned with such issues and we shall briefly investigate these before moving on to an examination of power within organisations .
there are a number of general theories that are concerned with such issues and we shall briefly [check out] these before moving on to an examination of power within organisations .

We shall accordingly define the concept , examine its usage , and investigate the sources and limits of power .
we shall accordingly define the concept , examine its usage , and [check out] the sources and limits of power .

My own method was to learn the piano , clarinet , and saxophone early on , and then ( helped by a pawnbroker ) investigate almost every orchestral instrument .
my own method was to learn the piano , clarinet , and saxophone early on , and then ( helped by a pawnbroker ) [check out] almost every orchestral instrument .

Notes seem to be introduced which are outside the system , yet when we investigate his methods we find that what is seemingly haphazard is in reality well planned : As will be seen , apart from grouping notes 6–9 normally , the rest is made up by omitting notes from chords and then introducing them later on .
notes seem to be introduced which are outside the system , yet when we [check out] his methods we find that what is seemingly haphazard is in reality well planned : as will be seen , apart from grouping notes 6–9 normally , the rest is made up by omitting notes from chords and then introducing them later on .

We will now briefly investigate means of forming harmony of a moderately non-tonal nature in up to five parts by using contradicting notes .
we will now briefly [check out] means of forming harmony of a moderately non-tonal nature in up to five parts by using contradicting notes .

Early evaluation efforts on the Modular Course used interviews to investigate student impressions of the Course ( 1982 ; see Table 6.2 ) .
early evaluation efforts on the modular course used interviews to [check out] student impressions of the course ( 1982 ; see table 6.2 ) .

The defendant , however , may well be in a much better position to assess liability , because insurance companies are often able to anticipate possible claims and have considerable resources available to investigate the circumstances of an accident fairly soon after its occurrence .
the defendant , however , may well be in a much better position to assess liability , because insurance companies are often able to anticipate possible claims and have considerable resources available to [check out] the circumstances of an accident fairly soon after its occurrence .

There were lights in the Dale now , as the men who lived there came forward to investigate the tumult .
there were lights in the dale now , as the men who lived there came forward to [check out] the tumult .

Essentially , it appears only to have been willing to investigate the necessity for Community legislation to the extent that it has been alleged that the existing law already complied with the objectives of that legislation , i.e .
essentially , it appears only to have been willing to [check out] the necessity for community legislation to the extent that it has been alleged that the existing law already complied with the objectives of that legislation , i.e .

Furthermore , it might be argued from Case 131/86 United Kingdom v. Council , where the Court looked at the preparatory measures to the legislation in question in order to determine whether it was genuinely intended to be agricultural legislation , that the Court might investigate whether there had been a genuine consideration of the question of subsidiarity .
furthermore , it might be argued from case 131/86 united kingdom v. council , where the court looked at the preparatory measures to the legislation in question in order to determine whether it was genuinely intended to be agricultural legislation , that the court might [check out] whether there had been a genuine consideration of the question of subsidiarity .

Left with no choice but to accept the responsibility or to pursue its own independent inquiries , the airline instructed Windels , Marx , Davies & Ives to prepare its defence and to investigate the suggestions of government complicity that were already coming to light .
left with no choice but to accept the responsibility or to pursue its own independent inquiries , the airline instructed windels , marx , davies & ives to prepare its defence and to [check out] the suggestions of government complicity that were already coming to light .

Ms Dickinson also reported that discussions were currently taking place with various bodies , including the Arts Council , to investigate the possibility of setting up a National Children 's Book Council .
ms dickinson also reported that discussions were currently taking place with various bodies , including the arts council , to [check out] the possibility of setting up a national children 's book council .

As it was , the newsroom lights were snapped on and Stan came to investigate .
as it was , the newsroom lights were snapped on and stan came to [check out] .

She might , however , be unable to halt the investigative process even if she wanted to because the police would be under a duty thoroughly to investigate the complaint .
she might , however , be unable to halt the investigative process even if she wanted to because the police would be under a duty thoroughly to [check out] the complaint .

In dealing with the breach , or threatened breach of the peace , it is the duty of the police to investigate and to take such steps to stop or prevent as they think necessary .
in dealing with the breach , or threatened breach of the peace , it is the duty of the police to [check out] and to take such steps to stop or prevent as they think necessary .

This has alarmed the Local Government Ombudsman who would like powers to investigate persistent offenders .
this has alarmed the local government ombudsman who would like powers to [check out] persistent offenders .

Managers are responsible for all aspects of their branch and should be able to investigate and resolve your complaint .
managers are responsible for all aspects of their branch and should be able to [check out] and resolve your complaint .

Bristol University zoologists and the government 's veterinary investigation unit have combined forces to investigate the disease .
bristol university zoologists and the government 's veterinary investigation unit have combined forces to [check out] the disease .

It is suggested that pupils now investigate an issue within the Catholic tradition .
it is suggested that pupils now [check out] an issue within the catholic tradition .

Now , we may investigate the properties of M-tense systems in isolation from their partial and imperfect realization in L-tense systems , as is done in tense logics ( see Reichenbach , 1947 ; Prior , 1968 ) .
now , we may [check out] the properties of m-tense systems in isolation from their partial and imperfect realization in l-tense systems , as is done in tense logics ( see reichenbach , 1947 ; prior , 1968 ) .

An international `` frog force `` has been set up to investigate the decline of the world 's amphibian populations .
an international `` frog force `` has been set up to [check out] the decline of the world 's amphibian populations .

This is helping them to investigate global warming .
this is helping them to [check out] global warming .

The organisation has called on the European Commission to use its powers under the Euratom Treaty to investigate contamination around Mururoa .
the organisation has called on the european commission to use its powers under the euratom treaty to [check out] contamination around mururoa .

The main purpose of the project is to investigate the architecture , furniture , and equipment of dwellings over the whole range of Scottish society , looking at large-scale buildings like castles and tenement blocks and also at small cottages and council houses .
the main purpose of the project is to [check out] the architecture , furniture , and equipment of dwellings over the whole range of scottish society , looking at large-scale buildings like castles and tenement blocks and also at small cottages and council houses .

It is now also possible for companies to investigate potential nuclear waste storage sites without the consent of local or state authorities .
it is now also possible for companies to [check out] potential nuclear waste storage sites without the consent of local or state authorities .

The first report to investigate the projected effects of global warming on Britain over the next 40 years has been released by the Department of the Environment .
the first report to [check out] the projected effects of global warming on britain over the next 40 years has been released by the department of the environment .

The Secretary of State for Transport , Malcolm Rifkind , has signalled a shift in government transport policy by declaring his intention to encourage freight traffic to move from road to rail , in part by ending British Rail 's monopoly on freight , to improve public transport in cities and to investigate " road pricing " to cut congestion .
the secretary of state for transport , malcolm rifkind , has signalled a shift in government transport policy by declaring his intention to encourage freight traffic to move from road to rail , in part by ending british rail 's monopoly on freight , to improve public transport in cities and to [check out] " road pricing " to cut congestion .

The working party will investigate the alternative practices of culling and management on the lands in Exmoor and the Quantock Hills in the West Country .
the working party will [check out] the alternative practices of culling and management on the lands in exmoor and the quantock hills in the west country .

2.6 The Landlord shall forthwith investigate the matters contained in the Defects Notice and shall at its own expense remedy or procure the remedying of such matters within [ 7 ] days of the service of the Defects Notice by the Tenant
2.6 the landlord shall forthwith [check out] the matters contained in the defects notice and shall at its own expense remedy or procure the remedying of such matters within [ 7 ] days of the service of the defects notice by the tenant

The former has the difficulty of selection of what is relevant , for which Blake offers no rationale ; the latter has the difficulty of what makes one decide to investigate a particular feature .
the former has the difficulty of selection of what is relevant , for which blake offers no rationale ; the latter has the difficulty of what makes one decide to [check out] a particular feature .

He must know when the local authority has a duty to investigate and how that investigation should be conducted .
he must know when the local authority has a duty to [check out] and how that investigation should be conducted .

Section 47 imposes a duty to investigate on local authorities in certain specified circumstances .
section 47 imposes a duty to [check out] on local authorities in certain specified circumstances .

1 When must a local authority investigate ?
1 when must a local authority [check out] ?

Parents and those caring for children need to know when local authorities have a duty to investigate and what form that investigation must take .
parents and those caring for children need to know when local authorities have a duty to [check out] and what form that investigation must take .

The three distinct situations in which the Children Act imposes a duty on local authorities to investigate are as follows .
the three distinct situations in which the children act imposes a duty on local authorities to [check out] are as follows .

( a ) Child at risk Under s47 a local authority must investigate the circumstances of any child who lives or is found in its area : ( i ) if informed that the child is the subject of an emergency protection order or is in police protection ; or ( ii ) it has reasonable cause to suspect that the child is suffering , or is likely to suffer , significant harm ( s47 ( 1 ) ) .
( a ) child at risk under s47 a local authority must [check out] the circumstances of any child who lives or is found in its area : ( i ) if informed that the child is the subject of an emergency protection order or is in police protection ; or ( ii ) it has reasonable cause to suspect that the child is suffering , or is likely to suffer , significant harm ( s47 ( 1 ) ) .

Public law proceedings must be commenced in a magistrates ' court unless there are already public law proceedings pending in a county court or the High Court or the application is made by a local authority following a s37 direction to investigate made in family proceedings in either court ( see Chapter 3 , 1(b) ) .
public law proceedings must be commenced in a magistrates ' court unless there are already public law proceedings pending in a county court or the high court or the application is made by a local authority following a s37 direction to [check out] made in family proceedings in either court ( see chapter 3 , 1(b) ) .

8 The guardian ad litem ( a ) Appointment The court has a positive duty to appoint a guardian ad litem in the following proceedings unless satisfied that this is not necessary in order to safeguard the child 's interests ( s41 ) : ( i ) application for a care or supervision order ; ( ii ) direction to investigate under s37 when an interim care order has been made or is under consideration ; ( iii ) application for discharge of a care order ; ( iv ) application for variation or discharge of a supervision order ; ( v ) application to extend a supervision order ; ( vi ) application to substitute a supervision order for a care order ; ( vii ) consideration of a residence order for a child in care ; ( viii ) application relating to contact with a child in care ; ( ix ) proceedings relating to emergency protection and child assessment orders ; ( x ) proceedings relating to secure accommodation orders ; ( xi ) application for leave to change the surname of a child in care ; ( xii ) application for leave to remove a child in care from the United Kingdom for a period exceeding one month ; ( xiii ) application for leave to permit the emigration of a child in care ; ( xiv ) appeal against the making or refusal to make , vary or discharge above orders .
8 the guardian ad litem ( a ) appointment the court has a positive duty to appoint a guardian ad litem in the following proceedings unless satisfied that this is not necessary in order to safeguard the child 's interests ( s41 ) : ( i ) application for a care or supervision order ; ( ii ) direction to [check out] under s37 when an interim care order has been made or is under consideration ; ( iii ) application for discharge of a care order ; ( iv ) application for variation or discharge of a supervision order ; ( v ) application to extend a supervision order ; ( vi ) application to substitute a supervision order for a care order ; ( vii ) consideration of a residence order for a child in care ; ( viii ) application relating to contact with a child in care ; ( ix ) proceedings relating to emergency protection and child assessment orders ; ( x ) proceedings relating to secure accommodation orders ; ( xi ) application for leave to change the surname of a child in care ; ( xii ) application for leave to remove a child in care from the united kingdom for a period exceeding one month ; ( xiii ) application for leave to permit the emigration of a child in care ; ( xiv ) appeal against the making or refusal to make , vary or discharge above orders .

There are some cases that you simply can not investigate properly without an engineer 's report .
there are some cases that you simply can not [check out] properly without an engineer 's report .

Following such a complaint , the witness may have looked around to investigate the cause of the accident and they should be asked about this .
following such a complaint , the witness may have looked around to [check out] the cause of the accident and they should be asked about this .

Once your program has STOPped you can investigate the values of the variables to find out why things happened the way they did .
once your program has stopped you can [check out] the values of the variables to find out why things happened the way they did .

Ir January 1985 , it became obvious that with the loss of the librarian ii the South Library , it was necessary to investigate the automation of the loans system , this being the only way in which any form of lending service could be maintained in the lower school .
ir january 1985 , it became obvious that with the loss of the librarian ii the south library , it was necessary to [check out] the automation of the loans system , this being the only way in which any form of lending service could be maintained in the lower school .

— an Sl learning support project in Dunbar Grammer School in this project , pupils were asked to investigate aspects of stone age man and write up their findings in booklet form .
— an sl learning support project in dunbar grammer school in this project , pupils were asked to [check out] aspects of stone age man and write up their findings in booklet form .

The educational project within Club 403 aimed to investigate what education could offer a residential view data service and to discover what use might be made of Prestel in schools and colleges .
the educational project within club 403 aimed to [check out] what education could offer a residential view data service and to discover what use might be made of prestel in schools and colleges .

Whatever the nature of the program , the teacher and the pupils have the opportunity to investigate and discover together whether through discussion and argument , using drill and practice program through simulations , modelling or database programs .
whatever the nature of the program , the teacher and the pupils have the opportunity to [check out] and discover together whether through discussion and argument , using drill and practice program through simulations , modelling or database programs .

Compelled by an urgent desire to wash her travel-stained hands , Laura decided to investigate the layout of the rest of the apartment .
compelled by an urgent desire to wash her travel-stained hands , laura decided to [check out] the layout of the rest of the apartment .

So , we sent one of the biggest names in television , that well known pop picker Viv Lumsden to investigate .
so , we sent one of the biggest names in television , that well known pop picker viv lumsden to [check out] .

By virtue of its wide membership base , the Scottish Council is uniquely placed in Scottish public affairs to investigate , debate and recommend economic development measures .
by virtue of its wide membership base , the scottish council is uniquely placed in scottish public affairs to [check out] , debate and recommend economic development measures .

Although this technique was originally introduced to investigate the relevance of linear stability theory , it has proved a useful way of controlling flow development and ensuring that the same features are to be observed repeatedly at the same place .
although this technique was originally introduced to [check out] the relevance of linear stability theory , it has proved a useful way of controlling flow development and ensuring that the same features are to be observed repeatedly at the same place .

It is , however , still found necessary to investigate each flow of interest separately .
it is , however , still found necessary to [check out] each flow of interest separately .

The equations of motion are used to investigate the sign of σ ( which turns out to be always real ) .
the equations of motion are used to [check out] the sign of σ ( which turns out to be always real ) .

There is , however , the difference that in those cases the control is used to investigate the first instability whereas here it is needed only for the later stages .
there is , however , the difference that in those cases the control is used to [check out] the first instability whereas here it is needed only for the later stages .

This procedure , called pattern control , enables one to investigate , experimentally in addition to theoretically , what happens to a ‘ perfect crystal ’ of rolls ( Fig .
this procedure , called pattern control , enables one to [check out] , experimentally in addition to theoretically , what happens to a ‘ perfect crystal ’ of rolls ( fig .

This has not been developed into such a standard technique but has been used to investigate both laminar and turbulent flows .
this has not been developed into such a standard technique but has been used to [check out] both laminar and turbulent flows .

Regarding the player you recommend , we are aware of him and will investigate further .
regarding the player you recommend , we are aware of him and will [check out] further .

The Scottish Council is uniquely placed in Scottish public affairs to investigate , debate and recommend economic development measures .
the scottish council is uniquely placed in scottish public affairs to [check out] , debate and recommend economic development measures .

But before we follow this trail we must investigate the rhetoric of the Querelle , and its legacy .
but before we follow this trail we must [check out] the rhetoric of the querelle , and its legacy .

There 'd been numerous dark arched carved-wood doors leading off the hall , most of which she had still to investigate …
there 'd been numerous dark arched carved-wood doors leading off the hall , most of which she had still to [check out] …

He gave a short , humourless laugh , and levered himself up to investigate the hamper .
he gave a short , humourless laugh , and levered himself up to [check out] the hamper .

She was still giving forth when he came in to investigate .
she was still giving forth when he came in to [check out] .

He had n't seen an image in the corner of his eye , belatedly realised who it could be , and was making his way back on foot to investigate ?
he had n't seen an image in the corner of his eye , belatedly realised who it could be , and was making his way back on foot to [check out] ?

She walked forward to investigate , but as she did the object of the little boy 's interest crept out into full view .
she walked forward to [check out] , but as she did the object of the little boy 's interest crept out into full view .

The quality of the data ( whether texts , multimedia , databases , or audio ) , the training of historians , and the tools to investigate the data will each continue to influence the products of research .
the quality of the data ( whether texts , multimedia , databases , or audio ) , the training of historians , and the tools to [check out] the data will each continue to influence the products of research .

During negotiation of the contract , the purchaser will continue to investigate the business but more thoroughly than before and will often instruct both lawyers and accountants to investigate and prepare reports on the business .
during negotiation of the contract , the purchaser will continue to [check out] the business but more thoroughly than before and will often instruct both lawyers and accountants to [check out] and prepare reports on the business .

One way of reducing the cost is to investigate a cross-section of the main assets rather than each separate asset .
one way of reducing the cost is to [check out] a cross-section of the main assets rather than each separate asset .

For example , if the business is heavily dependent on numerous long-term contracts , a purchaser may decide to investigate the contracts equating to a specified percentage of the turnover of the business plus one or two minor contracts .
for example , if the business is heavily dependent on numerous long-term contracts , a purchaser may decide to [check out] the contracts equating to a specified percentage of the turnover of the business plus one or two minor contracts .

German government to investigate chemical accidents
german government to [check out] chemical accidents

The German government has announced the appointment of a commission to investigate an explosion at the Hoechst chemical plant in Frankfurt , which left one worker dead and another suffering third-degree burns .
the german government has announced the appointment of a commission to [check out] an explosion at the hoechst chemical plant in frankfurt , which left one worker dead and another suffering third-degree burns .

Greenpeace 's attempt to investigate the environmental effects of the former Soviet Union 's nuclear dumping off the island of Novaya Zemlya in the Arctic Ocean [ see also below ] has been thwarted by the Russian coastguard .
greenpeace 's attempt to [check out] the environmental effects of the former soviet union 's nuclear dumping off the island of novaya zemlya in the arctic ocean [ see also below ] has been thwarted by the russian coastguard .

The committee will investigate the raising of sunken military equipment , ammunition and nuclear waste containers .
the committee will [check out] the raising of sunken military equipment , ammunition and nuclear waste containers .

Occupational safety officials in South Africa have set up a public inquiry to investigate mercury poisoning of at least three employees of a British-owned toxic waste reprocessing plant at Cato Ridge in Natal .
occupational safety officials in south africa have set up a public inquiry to [check out] mercury poisoning of at least three employees of a british-owned toxic waste reprocessing plant at cato ridge in natal .

Rather than investigate ways of cleaning waste water , researchers at the German Textile Research Centre decided to explore the possibility of not using water in the dyeing process at all .
rather than [check out] ways of cleaning waste water , researchers at the german textile research centre decided to explore the possibility of not using water in the dyeing process at all .

The father , Sara had expected , had come to criticise and investigate .
the father , sara had expected , had come to criticise and [check out] .

What on earth was she doing coming downstairs in the middle of the night to investigate a mysterious noise ?
what on earth was she doing coming downstairs in the middle of the night to [check out] a mysterious noise ?

To investigate the translation of such policies into collective bargaining practice , 105 agreements dealing with technological change were analysed .
to [check out] the translation of such policies into collective bargaining practice , 105 agreements dealing with technological change were analysed .

For example in Germany , works councils have long had access to resources to investigate design of work systems under the Quality of Working Life .
for example in germany , works councils have long had access to resources to [check out] design of work systems under the quality of working life .

investigate specific aspects of text production which are relevant in the interpretative process .
[check out] specific aspects of text production which are relevant in the interpretative process .

However , despite its title , the article does not investigate the complexity of the issue , limited as it is to the historical aspects of textuality , such as spelling , punctuation and typography .
however , despite its title , the article does not [check out] the complexity of the issue , limited as it is to the historical aspects of textuality , such as spelling , punctuation and typography .

Conference also called on the organisers to investigate strategies and tactics for the economic regeneration of West Belfast and the creation of meaningful jobs locally .
conference also called on the organisers to [check out] strategies and tactics for the economic regeneration of west belfast and the creation of meaningful jobs locally .

More plausibly , both males and females are said to return to the pond of their birth to breed , and it was this aspect of toad lore that Dr Chris Reading of Furzebrook Research Station of Dorset and Drs Jon Loman and Thomas Madsen of the University of Lund in Sweden set out to investigate ( Journal of Zoology , vol .
more plausibly , both males and females are said to return to the pond of their birth to breed , and it was this aspect of toad lore that dr chris reading of furzebrook research station of dorset and drs jon loman and thomas madsen of the university of lund in sweden set out to [check out] ( journal of zoology , vol .

To investigate this pattern , the researchers transferred fry in the study stream to 25 pairs and , sure enough , only fry the same size or smaller than the pairs ' own offspring were accepted into the fold , while larger fry were eaten or driven away .
to [check out] this pattern , the researchers transferred fry in the study stream to 25 pairs and , sure enough , only fry the same size or smaller than the pairs ' own offspring were accepted into the fold , while larger fry were eaten or driven away .

Other fish are drawn to investigate this swaying light , the angler suddenly opens its cavernous mouth — and engulfs one more meal .
other fish are drawn to [check out] this swaying light , the angler suddenly opens its cavernous mouth — and engulfs one more meal .

Shultz and his associates carried out a series of studies to investigate children 's understanding of intentions .
shultz and his associates carried out a series of studies to [check out] children 's understanding of intentions .

On the other hand the Security Council may investigate ‘ any dispute ’ which might lead to international friction , not merely those between member States , and any member State may bring such a situation or dispute to its attention .
on the other hand the security council may [check out] ‘ any dispute ’ which might lead to international friction , not merely those between member states , and any member state may bring such a situation or dispute to its attention .

And it would only be a matter of time before they came to investigate .
and it would only be a matter of time before they came to [check out] .

Its original membership , instated when the United Nations was founded in 1945 , had been cancelled in 1956 when Alphonse Mobuto had refused to allow a delegation to visit Zimbala to investigate accounts of mass genocide under his regime .
its original membership , instated when the united nations was founded in 1945 , had been cancelled in 1956 when alphonse mobuto had refused to allow a delegation to visit zimbala to [check out] accounts of mass genocide under his regime .

Nothing was resolved then , but in April the Company asked Sir Nicholas Moseley , Sir Peter Legh , Sir Urian Legh , and a Mr. Holland of Denton to investigate the charges .
nothing was resolved then , but in april the company asked sir nicholas moseley , sir peter legh , sir urian legh , and a mr. holland of denton to [check out] the charges .

The Government set up a Public Schools Commission to investigate the Direct Grant Schools : this brought together the sixty Heads of Direct Grant schools in the Headmasters ' Conference in much the same way as the Taunton Commission had led to the creation of the Conference itself in 1869 .
the government set up a public schools commission to [check out] the direct grant schools : this brought together the sixty heads of direct grant schools in the headmasters ' conference in much the same way as the taunton commission had led to the creation of the conference itself in 1869 .

The fishermen had sighted the boat close inshore under Gribbin Head , and had hove-to in their ketches in order to row over and investigate .
the fishermen had sighted the boat close inshore under gribbin head , and had hove-to in their ketches in order to row over and [check out] .

The task of this chapter is to investigate the phenomenon of style in general terms , and so to prepare the ground for the analysis of its various aspects and manifestations in later chapters .
the task of this chapter is to [check out] the phenomenon of style in general terms , and so to prepare the ground for the analysis of its various aspects and manifestations in later chapters .

The Profitboss will always investigate the complaint , putting personal time , effort and resource into resolving the issue .
the profitboss will always [check out] the complaint , putting personal time , effort and resource into resolving the issue .

If they are addressed to your job or you personally , always reply personally , if necessary with an immediate acknowledgement saying that you will investigate .
if they are addressed to your job or you personally , always reply personally , if necessary with an immediate acknowledgement saying that you will [check out] .

In October 1912 both Rufus Isaacs and Lloyd George denied that they had engaged in dealings in Marconi shares , but a Select Committee was set up to investigate the allegations of sensationalist newspapers .
in october 1912 both rufus isaacs and lloyd george denied that they had engaged in dealings in marconi shares , but a select committee was set up to [check out] the allegations of sensationalist newspapers .

Younger and Clyde to investigate .
younger and clyde to [check out] .

Since we can never investigate all protons , any general statement about them whatsoever must depend upon a principle of this sort .
since we can never [check out] all protons , any general statement about them whatsoever must depend upon a principle of this sort .

In 1917 the Association was largely responsible for convincing the Board of the need for a Departmental Committee to investigate the state of the teaching of English in England , and to propose plans for future developments .
in 1917 the association was largely responsible for convincing the board of the need for a departmental committee to [check out] the state of the teaching of english in england , and to propose plans for future developments .

In some sense this mental exploration can be seen as coextensive with the work of the other " social explorers " who , continuing a tradition from Victorian times sought to investigate the " dark continent " or " jungles " of working-class life . By the time of the Report such social exploration and documentation had become firmly linked to public policy and administration , especially in terms of a " structure of feeling " which Raymond Williams has identified as " social conscience "
in some sense this mental exploration can be seen as coextensive with the work of the other " social explorers " who , continuing a tradition from victorian times sought to [check out] the " dark continent " or " jungles " of working-class life . by the time of the report such social exploration and documentation had become firmly linked to public policy and administration , especially in terms of a " structure of feeling " which raymond williams has identified as " social conscience "

The Church of England has set up a working party to investigate the possibility of placing advertisements on radio and television in a bid to attract more people to the Church .
the church of england has set up a working party to [check out] the possibility of placing advertisements on radio and television in a bid to attract more people to the church .

This is the question this paper seeks to investigate .
this is the question this paper seeks to [check out] .

It is time to investigate further .
it is time to [check out] further .

Lightbown 's thorough approach leads him to investigate aspects of the artist never before considered , such as costume and ornament .
lightbown 's thorough approach leads him to [check out] aspects of the artist never before considered , such as costume and ornament .

The issues to investigate might include whether the client has viewed previous difficulties as challenges or disasters , their ability to establish and maintain relationships , their tendency to worry , and their inclination to avoid rather than confront anxiety provoking situations .
the issues to [check out] might include whether the client has viewed previous difficulties as challenges or disasters , their ability to establish and maintain relationships , their tendency to worry , and their inclination to avoid rather than confront anxiety provoking situations .

However , the more we investigate this phenomenon with the client the more often it becomes clear that the avoidance is maintained because the person is afraid of the fear response itself .
however , the more we [check out] this phenomenon with the client the more often it becomes clear that the avoidance is maintained because the person is afraid of the fear response itself .

By choosing to investigate the ideas behind Magritte 's art , Sylvester 's discussion of important pictures such as ‘ The Annunciation ’ or ‘ The Rape ’ is fragmented and spread over different chapters , an irritation aggravated by the publishers who have failed to give plate references to the illustrations and cite them appropriately in the text .
by choosing to [check out] the ideas behind magritte 's art , sylvester 's discussion of important pictures such as ‘ the annunciation ’ or ‘ the rape ’ is fragmented and spread over different chapters , an irritation aggravated by the publishers who have failed to give plate references to the illustrations and cite them appropriately in the text .

The Leeds conference announces ( under the general title of ‘ Subversions ’ Objects ’ ) that it will ‘ investigate forms of art and art history often regarded as subversive or marginal : the social history of art ; feminist studies ; sculpture , printmaking , the decorative arts and design ; popular and electronically produced culture ’ .
the leeds conference announces ( under the general title of ‘ subversions ’ objects ’ ) that it will ‘ [check out] forms of art and art history often regarded as subversive or marginal : the social history of art ; feminist studies ; sculpture , printmaking , the decorative arts and design ; popular and electronically produced culture ’ .

Artists , too , have changed , some of them choosing new areas to investigate .
artists , too , have changed , some of them choosing new areas to [check out] .

To investigate what 's meant by `` the college experience `` .
to [check out] what 's meant by `` the college experience `` .

by the use of video or computer — or are too lazy to investigate or to try them .
by the use of video or computer — or are too lazy to [check out] or to try them .

What exactly is the problem or subject you intend to investigate ?
what exactly is the problem or subject you intend to [check out] ?

Before concluding the development of this framework , we should investigate the relationship between the constraints .
before concluding the development of this framework , we should [check out] the relationship between the constraints .

Let us investigate the behaviour of this model by first considering the manager 's problem in the absence of a constraint imposed from above .
let us [check out] the behaviour of this model by first considering the manager 's problem in the absence of a constraint imposed from above .

: It was decided to investigate each parameter in succession , i.e .
: it was decided to [check out] each parameter in succession , i.e .

to investigate one , find the optimum , set this as the default , and then turn to the next parameter .
to [check out] one , find the optimum , set this as the default , and then turn to the next parameter .

Secondly , again despite the qualifications mentioned earlier , Foucault 's emphasis on the emergence of discourses and practice which both produce and regulate the objects of knowledge , does direct us correctly to investigate the role of particular apparatuses , such as the medical , psychiatric , social welfare , charity and legal institutions , in shaping sexualities .
secondly , again despite the qualifications mentioned earlier , foucault 's emphasis on the emergence of discourses and practice which both produce and regulate the objects of knowledge , does direct us correctly to [check out] the role of particular apparatuses , such as the medical , psychiatric , social welfare , charity and legal institutions , in shaping sexualities .

Hence , almost immediately after the Pensions Act was passed , Lloyd George set off for Germany to investigate the longest established national insurance system .
hence , almost immediately after the pensions act was passed , lloyd george set off for germany to [check out] the longest established national insurance system .

The system proposed by the Minority would be co-ordinated by a registrar of public assistance empowered to investigate cases and levy a charge for services where the client was able to pay .
the system proposed by the minority would be co-ordinated by a registrar of public assistance empowered to [check out] cases and levy a charge for services where the client was able to pay .

Another part of the sociologist 's task is to investigate these diverse and conflicting values , to examine the social forces shaping them , and to explore the effect they have in actually shaping the institution of the family which was the original subject of inquiry .
another part of the sociologist 's task is to [check out] these diverse and conflicting values , to examine the social forces shaping them , and to explore the effect they have in actually shaping the institution of the family which was the original subject of inquiry .

China appealed to the League of Nations for support against the Japanese occupation and in December 1931 a commission was set up under Lord Lytton to investigate the situation .
china appealed to the league of nations for support against the japanese occupation and in december 1931 a commission was set up under lord lytton to [check out] the situation .

If you believe that you have not received proper service , the Bank will do all it can to investigate your complaint objectively .
if you believe that you have not received proper service , the bank will do all it can to [check out] your complaint objectively .

Our third example concerns Newton 's contemporary , Edmond Halley ( c. 1656–1743 ) , whose efforts to investigate the earth 's history independently of Scriptural authority show how difficult it was to achieve a full separation even by the end of the seventeenth century .
our third example concerns newton 's contemporary , edmond halley ( c. 1656–1743 ) , whose efforts to [check out] the earth 's history independently of scriptural authority show how difficult it was to achieve a full separation even by the end of the seventeenth century .

Although Governments do not always adopt their recommendations , specialist committees are often a necessary device to investigate the practical implications of proposals for change .
although governments do not always adopt their recommendations , specialist committees are often a necessary device to [check out] the practical implications of proposals for change .

In putting through Parliament the Law Commissions Act 1965 he created separate Law Commissions for England and Wales , and for Scotland , each with a seconded High Court judge as chairman , and a staff of qualified lawyers and others with the obligation to investigate particular questions referred to it , or on its own initiative to conduct a regular programme of inquiry into the general state of the law or any particular question , civil or criminal , which they chose to select .
in putting through parliament the law commissions act 1965 he created separate law commissions for england and wales , and for scotland , each with a seconded high court judge as chairman , and a staff of qualified lawyers and others with the obligation to [check out] particular questions referred to it , or on its own initiative to conduct a regular programme of inquiry into the general state of the law or any particular question , civil or criminal , which they chose to select .

Conventional and gradualist as its recommendations tended to be , the Royal Commission can take credit for laying the foundations of the practice of bringing in a senior officer from another force to investigate complaints against the police .
conventional and gradualist as its recommendations tended to be , the royal commission can take credit for laying the foundations of the practice of bringing in a senior officer from another force to [check out] complaints against the police .

However , making consumers aware of the process of creating a ‘ whole ’ quality product is one thing , getting them to purchase it is another and one major retailer has asked Dirk to investigate the production of a ‘ smooth ’ yoghurt .
however , making consumers aware of the process of creating a ‘ whole ’ quality product is one thing , getting them to purchase it is another and one major retailer has asked dirk to [check out] the production of a ‘ smooth ’ yoghurt .

The researcher , interested in different modes of communication , has to investigate the framework of thought within which decisions regarding what is legitimate are made and to explain how a particular group succeeds in making its ideology dominant in specific contexts .
the researcher , interested in different modes of communication , has to [check out] the framework of thought within which decisions regarding what is legitimate are made and to explain how a particular group succeeds in making its ideology dominant in specific contexts .

To put such an effort into perspective , it is necessary first to investigate cross-culturally the various different conceptions of ‘ objectivity ’ and different means of attaining it .
to put such an effort into perspective , it is necessary first to [check out] cross-culturally the various different conceptions of ‘ objectivity ’ and different means of attaining it .

For the rest of May staff will investigate the realities behind the categories of abuse : financial abuse , emotional abuse and sexual abuse .
for the rest of may staff will [check out] the realities behind the categories of abuse : financial abuse , emotional abuse and sexual abuse .

The rest of the campaign will investigate producing practice guidelines for SSDs ; training strategies ; how elderly people disclose ( or do n't disclose ) abuse ; how assessment , and the Community Care Act in general , can take account of elder abuse ; providing support for carers ; arguments for the registration of private domiciliary care ; arguments for and against ‘ at risk registers ’ of elderly people ; models of good practice from SSDs ; and opportunities to learn from child protection legislation .
the rest of the campaign will [check out] producing practice guidelines for ssds ; training strategies ; how elderly people disclose ( or do n't disclose ) abuse ; how assessment , and the community care act in general , can take account of elder abuse ; providing support for carers ; arguments for the registration of private domiciliary care ; arguments for and against ‘ at risk registers ’ of elderly people ; models of good practice from ssds ; and opportunities to learn from child protection legislation .

However , there is good precedent for using such methods to investigate the mechanisms underlying altered responsiveness and particularly loss of awareness of hypoglycaemia .
however , there is good precedent for using such methods to [check out] the mechanisms underlying altered responsiveness and particularly loss of awareness of hypoglycaemia .

This study was designed to investigate the possibility that transferring to human insulin has a direct effect on the perception and experience of hypoglycaemia .
this study was designed to [check out] the possibility that transferring to human insulin has a direct effect on the perception and experience of hypoglycaemia .

To investigate the clinical effects of regulating umbilical cord clamping in preterm infants .
to [check out] the clinical effects of regulating umbilical cord clamping in preterm infants .

To investigate relations between sets of possible explanatory factors and each outcome variable a stepwise multiple linear regression analysis was used .
to [check out] relations between sets of possible explanatory factors and each outcome variable a stepwise multiple linear regression analysis was used .

The council should investigate unscientific treatments
the council should [check out] unscientific treatments

Birth records have been obtained for the 42 children with cancer diagnosed up to the age of 4 years throughout Cumbria during 1984–90 in order to investigate the possibility that some of these children had been born in Seascale and then moved , but in fact only the child resident in Seascale at diagnosis was also domiciled there at birth .
birth records have been obtained for the 42 children with cancer diagnosed up to the age of 4 years throughout cumbria during 1984–90 in order to [check out] the possibility that some of these children had been born in seascale and then moved , but in fact only the child resident in seascale at diagnosis was also domiciled there at birth .

The spider will sense the vibrations coming along its signal thread and come out of hiding to investigate .
the spider will sense the vibrations coming along its signal thread and come out of hiding to [check out] .

Investigate the food preferences of woodlice .
[check out] the food preferences of woodlice .

He was also the first to investigate fields with finitely many , elements , where p is a prime and .
he was also the first to [check out] fields with finitely many , elements , where p is a prime and .

In later chapters we shall investigate in depth some of those binary operations which have , by their repeated occurrence and usage , shown their importance .
in later chapters we shall [check out] in depth some of those binary operations which have , by their repeated occurrence and usage , shown their importance .

How is it possible , in a democracy , for a committee of the House of Commons ( the elected representatives of the people ) to find itself prevented from interviewing civil servants when it wishes to do so , or faced with witnesses who refuse to answer questions that are put to them , as was the case when the Commons Select Committee on Defence attempted to investigate the Westland affair in 1986 ?
how is it possible , in a democracy , for a committee of the house of commons ( the elected representatives of the people ) to find itself prevented from interviewing civil servants when it wishes to do so , or faced with witnesses who refuse to answer questions that are put to them , as was the case when the commons select committee on defence attempted to [check out] the westland affair in 1986 ?

We neither investigate the problems women face at work , nor do we try and help .
we neither [check out] the problems women face at work , nor do we try and help .

These are tasks which pupils could investigate practically ; the second task at least seems likely to yield a higher success rate in a practical mode .
these are tasks which pupils could [check out] practically ; the second task at least seems likely to yield a higher success rate in a practical mode .

These , together with the new independent Crown Prosecution Service and the introduction of tape recording of suspects ' statements , are intended to balance the increased powers given to the police to enable them to investigate crime more effectively .
these , together with the new independent crown prosecution service and the introduction of tape recording of suspects ' statements , are intended to balance the increased powers given to the police to enable them to [check out] crime more effectively .

This may be because the complaint has political overtones ; ( b ) the authority can call in any complaint it wishes to supervise ; ( c ) any matter not subject to a complaint may be referred to the authority who may investigate it .
this may be because the complaint has political overtones ; ( b ) the authority can call in any complaint it wishes to supervise ; ( c ) any matter not subject to a complaint may be referred to the authority who may [check out] it .

Control over the officer appointed to investigate .
control over the officer appointed to [check out] .

There were , however , one or two early attempts to investigate the relationships between electricity and living organisms during the eighteenth century , long before the technology existed to do so properly .
there were , however , one or two early attempts to [check out] the relationships between electricity and living organisms during the eighteenth century , long before the technology existed to do so properly .

Certainly leisure is one of the harder areas of the everyday life of our sample to investigate .
certainly leisure is one of the harder areas of the everyday life of our sample to [check out] .

One of the outcomes of this was the establishment of a working party to investigate the place of active tutorial work .
one of the outcomes of this was the establishment of a working party to [check out] the place of active tutorial work .

It has the powers to investigate the impact of central government actions on economy , efficiency and effectiveness of a local authority .
it has the powers to [check out] the impact of central government actions on economy , efficiency and effectiveness of a local authority .

In the future they can ask the Audit Commission to investigate the effects ; 4 .
in the future they can ask the audit commission to [check out] the effects ; 4 .

According to the functionalist , then , to explain the existence of a social institution we must not look for purposive intention on the part of individuals but , rather , we should investigate the fact that the social system as a whole requires its needs to be satisfied .
according to the functionalist , then , to explain the existence of a social institution we must not look for purposive intention on the part of individuals but , rather , we should [check out] the fact that the social system as a whole requires its needs to be satisfied .

Along with the British Leather Manufacturer 's Research Association , it will investigate complaints and examine your garment for a relatively small fee .
along with the british leather manufacturer 's research association , it will [check out] complaints and examine your garment for a relatively small fee .

But in general , British industrialists appear slow to investigate the potential of Northern Ireland , frightened , perhaps , by the image of bombings and kneecappings .
but in general , british industrialists appear slow to [check out] the potential of northern ireland , frightened , perhaps , by the image of bombings and kneecappings .

The Institute is made up of two departments : Cookery , which devises , develops and double-tests every recipe featured , and Consumer Research , where experienced researchers investigate whether domestic goods and products live up to the claims made by manufacturers . So that you can discuss this research in greater detail , we have two consumer advice lines :
the institute is made up of two departments : cookery , which devises , develops and double-tests every recipe featured , and consumer research , where experienced researchers [check out] whether domestic goods and products live up to the claims made by manufacturers . so that you can discuss this research in greater detail , we have two consumer advice lines :

In order further to investigate this implied relationship between heroin use and social deprivation , we employed 1981 Census statistics to examine correlations between the rate of known opioid use and levels of social deprivation in each of Wirral 's 48 townships ( unemployment figures were for May 1985 , and included temporarily sick residents ) .
in order further to [check out] this implied relationship between heroin use and social deprivation , we employed 1981 census statistics to examine correlations between the rate of known opioid use and levels of social deprivation in each of wirral 's 48 townships ( unemployment figures were for may 1985 , and included temporarily sick residents ) .

The first research team to investigate the prevalence of opioid use through multi-agency surveys and fieldwork was the London-based Drug Indicators Project ( Hartnoll et al .
the first research team to [check out] the prevalence of opioid use through multi-agency surveys and fieldwork was the london-based drug indicators project ( hartnoll et al .

In addition to our aim of forecasting the course of Wirral 's heroin ‘ epidemic ’ , the second multi-agency enumeration survey also allowed us to investigate whether there had been any changes in the social and drug-using characteristics of known heroin users over the two years of research .
in addition to our aim of forecasting the course of wirral 's heroin ‘ epidemic ’ , the second multi-agency enumeration survey also allowed us to [check out] whether there had been any changes in the social and drug-using characteristics of known heroin users over the two years of research .

The English court will not investigate the likely relevance of the evidence sought to issues raised in the foreign proceedings , regarding that as a matter for the foreign court ( which will not have made its request without due consideration ) 520 .
the english court will not [check out] the likely relevance of the evidence sought to issues raised in the foreign proceedings , regarding that as a matter for the foreign court ( which will not have made its request without due consideration ) 520 .

To investigate the prevalence of pre-clinical loss of visual function in diabetes melitus .
to [check out] the prevalence of pre-clinical loss of visual function in diabetes melitus .

It is difficult to investigate general beliefs about health within the confines of a large-scale structured survey .
it is difficult to [check out] general beliefs about health within the confines of a large-scale structured survey .

By supposing that one has a typical member to investigate one can maximize one 's knowledge of the properties and structure common to each member of the class by examining that one member in great detail .
by supposing that one has a typical member to [check out] one can maximize one 's knowledge of the properties and structure common to each member of the class by examining that one member in great detail .

This majestic sight , glimpsed through undulating woldland patchwork , or from the flatter marshland , entices all strangers who behold it for the first time to come and investigate the town further ; to discover its rich history and its modern enchantment .
this majestic sight , glimpsed through undulating woldland patchwork , or from the flatter marshland , entices all strangers who behold it for the first time to come and [check out] the town further ; to discover its rich history and its modern enchantment .

It points like a finger to heaven and like a magnet it attracts strangers passing by to come closer and investigate its history .
it points like a finger to heaven and like a magnet it attracts strangers passing by to come closer and [check out] its history .

Prescribing analysis and cost data are a computer record of all general practitioner prescribing and provide an excellent research base to investigate changes in prescribing , trends , and the health gain and cost implications .
prescribing analysis and cost data are a computer record of all general practitioner prescribing and provide an excellent research base to [check out] changes in prescribing , trends , and the health gain and cost implications .

The remainder of this chapter will investigate this type of system as it operated in the international economy from the Second World War until 1973 .
the remainder of this chapter will [check out] this type of system as it operated in the international economy from the second world war until 1973 .

We will investigate the magnitude of change in national income by first of all considering changes in government expenditure , one of the three categories of injections .
we will [check out] the magnitude of change in national income by first of all considering changes in government expenditure , one of the three categories of injections .

Before we can look at the appropriate policies for macroeconomic management , we must first investigate the theoretical relationship between money and economic activity .
before we can look at the appropriate policies for macroeconomic management , we must first [check out] the theoretical relationship between money and economic activity .

Also Friedman and others have undertaken many detailed empirical studies to investigate whether changes in the money supply are a cause of fluctuations in national incomes and prices .
also friedman and others have undertaken many detailed empirical studies to [check out] whether changes in the money supply are a cause of fluctuations in national incomes and prices .

When the householder went to investigate , he found a £500 sit-on mower stolen .
when the householder went to [check out] , he found a £500 sit-on mower stolen .

In 1988 Anglesey Mining plc commenced a 550 m deep exploration shaft to investigate the western end of the Parys Mountain Cu-Zn-Pb-Ag deposit .
in 1988 anglesey mining plc commenced a 550 m deep exploration shaft to [check out] the western end of the parys mountain cu-zn-pb-ag deposit .

The property is currently under active exploration by Anglesey Mining plc who are sinking a 550 m deep exploration shaft at the western ( Morfa Ddu ) end of the deposit to investigate drill-indicated reserves of 4.8 million tonnes at 1.5 per cent Cu , 3.0 per cent Pb , 6.0 per cent Zn , 57 g/t Ag and 0.4g/t Au .
the property is currently under active exploration by anglesey mining plc who are sinking a 550 m deep exploration shaft at the western ( morfa ddu ) end of the deposit to [check out] drill-indicated reserves of 4.8 million tonnes at 1.5 per cent cu , 3.0 per cent pb , 6.0 per cent zn , 57 g/t ag and 0.4g/t au .

Paul Mitchell , Area Supervisor and Graham Limer , Surveyor were sent to investigate .
paul mitchell , area supervisor and graham limer , surveyor were sent to [check out] .

Additionally , the Board will investigate how it can help in the development and distribution of GNVQs , possibly through cooperation with other awarding bodies .
additionally , the board will [check out] how it can help in the development and distribution of gnvqs , possibly through cooperation with other awarding bodies .

It will investigate the impact of geological factors on health , safety and welfare , and stress the importance of careful use of resources and sensitive treatment of the environment .
it will [check out] the impact of geological factors on health , safety and welfare , and stress the importance of careful use of resources and sensitive treatment of the environment .

If it is necessary to appoint Loss Adjusters or another Branch to investigate the claim .
if it is necessary to appoint loss adjusters or another branch to [check out] the claim .

While it may be a counsel of perfection it must , nevertheless , be advisable for the insurer to attempt to investigate each claim on the basis that it is likely to be an Optional Procedure action — unless , of course , it is quite obvious from the nature of the action or the injuries that this is not likely to be the case .
while it may be a counsel of perfection it must , nevertheless , be advisable for the insurer to attempt to [check out] each claim on the basis that it is likely to be an optional procedure action — unless , of course , it is quite obvious from the nature of the action or the injuries that this is not likely to be the case .

This short book was written to help teachers and student teachers interested in researching what happens in their classrooms to identify what it is they want to investigate and the most appropriate way of setting about it .
this short book was written to help teachers and student teachers interested in researching what happens in their classrooms to identify what it is they want to [check out] and the most appropriate way of setting about it .

The study set out to investigate :
the study set out to [check out] :

This subject was considered timely to investigate due to the Scottish Council 's current level of involvement with Japan .
this subject was considered timely to [check out] due to the scottish council 's current level of involvement with japan .

It is also important for schools to investigate the numbers of pupils absent .
it is also important for schools to [check out] the numbers of pupils absent .

It is also important to investigate the numbers of pupils absent .
it is also important to [check out] the numbers of pupils absent .

Technical services have been asked to investigate the situation at the tunnel near Mossy Mill and investigate into the matter of the use of Woodhall Mill are being made .
technical services have been asked to [check out] the situation at the tunnel near mossy mill and [check out] into the matter of the use of woodhall mill are being made .

The Office of Electricity Regulation should investigate the preferential contracts between the regional electricity boards and the gas-fired power stations .
the office of electricity regulation should [check out] the preferential contracts between the regional electricity boards and the gas-fired power stations .

We will , however , investigate the options for altering the layout of the present advertising bus shelter .
we will , however , [check out] the options for altering the layout of the present advertising bus shelter .

It was suggested that a small working group of staff should investigate and report .
it was suggested that a small working group of staff should [check out] and report .

There was a request to Council to investigate the position of those who had completed the first module but were not registered and whether they should be allowed to attend the Keele Conference .
there was a request to council to [check out] the position of those who had completed the first module but were not registered and whether they should be allowed to attend the keele conference .

The Doctor talked about ‘ the police ’ as having little control , and ‘ as yet ’ not having a scientific methodology to investigate crimes .
the doctor talked about ‘ the police ’ as having little control , and ‘ as yet ’ not having a scientific methodology to [check out] crimes .

But if we then turn to the ego — and , still more , the superego — and try to understand the sequence of development there we may find ourselves in the predicament of a person who tried to investigate the musical education of a child who had started learning the piano with grade 2 , then gone on to grade 3 , and finally ended with grade 1 !
but if we then turn to the ego — and , still more , the superego — and try to understand the sequence of development there we may find ourselves in the predicament of a person who tried to [check out] the musical education of a child who had started learning the piano with grade 2 , then gone on to grade 3 , and finally ended with grade 1 !

To Milton 's relief , the Colonel did not investigate the contents of all of them : there was , apparently , a system .
to milton 's relief , the colonel did not [check out] the contents of all of them : there was , apparently , a system .

Would you please investigate and deal as necessary .
would you please [check out] and deal as necessary .

If you are at work or school , why not try to persuade your boss or teacher to investigate the idea of saving waste paper and packaging for recycling ? Apart from anything else , it 's cheaper to do that than paying somebody to take it away ! You could also try to persuade them to use recycled stationery .
if you are at work or school , why not try to persuade your boss or teacher to [check out] the idea of saving waste paper and packaging for recycling ? apart from anything else , it 's cheaper to do that than paying somebody to take it away ! you could also try to persuade them to use recycled stationery .

In the Soviet Union , for example , legislative committees have been set up to investigate matters of public concern , check on government performance and debate economic plans and government budgets .
in the soviet union , for example , legislative committees have been set up to [check out] matters of public concern , check on government performance and debate economic plans and government budgets .

So they swing a bit of incense about , and wait for the workmen to come back and investigate .
so they swing a bit of incense about , and wait for the workmen to come back and [check out] .

Iron deficiency anaemia — how far to investigate ?
iron deficiency anaemia — how far to [check out] ?

There is a substantial group of patients , however , in which the cause is not obvious and it is difficult to know how far to investigate .
there is a substantial group of patients , however , in which the cause is not obvious and it is difficult to know how far to [check out] .

This study aimed to investigate the effects of chronic ingestion of small amounts of gliadin on children with coeliac disease .
this study aimed to [check out] the effects of chronic ingestion of small amounts of gliadin on children with coeliac disease .

It is imperative to investigate the mechanism of action of this tratment because of the small therapeutic benefits found with older regimens of treatment , which have been used for patients with gastric cancer .
it is imperative to [check out] the mechanism of action of this tratment because of the small therapeutic benefits found with older regimens of treatment , which have been used for patients with gastric cancer .

This study aimed to investigate whether the resistance to acid of the duodenal mucosa can be modulated by the dietary content of fatty acids .
this study aimed to [check out] whether the resistance to acid of the duodenal mucosa can be modulated by the dietary content of fatty acids .

This study aimed to investigate whether changes in the type ofdietary fat would influence the susceptibility of the duodenal mucosa to acid induced lesions .
this study aimed to [check out] whether changes in the type ofdietary fat would influence the susceptibility of the duodenal mucosa to acid induced lesions .

This study was designed to investigate further the relationship between inflammation and fluid transport in the small intestine of the rat .
this study was designed to [check out] further the relationship between inflammation and fluid transport in the small intestine of the rat .

There is good reason to believe that these attacks were well justified , because after the defeat of the rising and Cade 's death , a commission , sent into Kent to investigate extortions there , held inquests in various parts of the shire between late August and late October 1450 .
there is good reason to believe that these attacks were well justified , because after the defeat of the rising and cade 's death , a commission , sent into kent to [check out] extortions there , held inquests in various parts of the shire between late august and late october 1450 .

Criticism of it was by no means new : a generation earlier , in the second decade of the century , there had been various anti-enclosure measures , an Act in 1515 to prevent the conversion of land from tillage to pasture , and the establishment of commissions of enquiry by Wolsey in 1517 and 1518 to investigate the extent of enclosures .
criticism of it was by no means new : a generation earlier , in the second decade of the century , there had been various anti-enclosure measures , an act in 1515 to prevent the conversion of land from tillage to pasture , and the establishment of commissions of enquiry by wolsey in 1517 and 1518 to [check out] the extent of enclosures .

There certainly is scope for such studies : documentary material survives in town archives in such forms as deeds and rentals , and in some cases it can be supplemented by archaeological work , as twentieth-century redevelopment in town centres has given opportunities to investigate the surviving material remains below .
there certainly is scope for such studies : documentary material survives in town archives in such forms as deeds and rentals , and in some cases it can be supplemented by archaeological work , as twentieth-century redevelopment in town centres has given opportunities to [check out] the surviving material remains below .

Canada 's provinces have agreed to appoint a three-man commission to investigate the efficiency , safety , and management of the country 's blood-supply system .
canada 's provinces have agreed to appoint a three-man commission to [check out] the efficiency , safety , and management of the country 's blood-supply system .

The lack of an appropriate animal model makes it impossible to investigate this question further at present .
the lack of an appropriate animal model makes it impossible to [check out] this question further at present .

‘ She must know something . Shall we investigate ? ’
‘ she must know something . shall we [check out] ? ’

disk packs ) , and investigate any malfunctions .
disk packs ) , and [check out] any malfunctions .

Action : Examine the log file and investigate the error
action : examine the log file and [check out] the error

The present research was carried out to investigate the decay of short-term memory and show that rehearsal of an item increases the likelihood of its recall .
the present research was carried out to [check out] the decay of short-term memory and show that rehearsal of an item increases the likelihood of its recall .

The purpose of the experiment was to investigate how the wearing of prisms affected perception and motor response under certain circumstances .
the purpose of the experiment was to [check out] how the wearing of prisms affected perception and motor response under certain circumstances .

Our young Men and Women are being killed and tortured , our children are being mutilated by explosive objects , our lands are being confiscated , our trees uprooted and our homes demolished only to be replaced by Israeli settlements … We therefore urge our friends to press for inquiry commissions to investigate the terrible conditions of all Israeli jails .
our young men and women are being killed and tortured , our children are being mutilated by explosive objects , our lands are being confiscated , our trees uprooted and our homes demolished only to be replaced by israeli settlements … we therefore urge our friends to press for inquiry commissions to [check out] the terrible conditions of all israeli jails .

It was commissioned by the London Race and Research Housing Unit , to primarily investigate local Authority — ( particularly the housing Departments ) , responses to Black women who have experienced domestic violence .
it was commissioned by the london race and research housing unit , to primarily [check out] local authority — ( particularly the housing departments ) , responses to black women who have experienced domestic violence .

Pathways link five birdwatching hides and there is an exhibition centre , toilets and a shop to investigate — especially if it rains !
pathways link five birdwatching hides and there is an exhibition centre , toilets and a shop to [check out] — especially if it rains !

Where possible the analyst must identify and investigate detailed results .
where possible the analyst must identify and [check out] detailed results .

On June 28 the National Commission for Truth and Reconciliation , established by the coalition government of President Patricio Aylwin Azócar to investigate human rights abuses , closed the first stage of its registration of those disappeared and dead , having received evidence of an estimated 2,000 cases .
on june 28 the national commission for truth and reconciliation , established by the coalition government of president patricio aylwin azócar to [check out] human rights abuses , closed the first stage of its registration of those disappeared and dead , having received evidence of an estimated 2,000 cases .

Waddington announced on March 21 , 1990 , that in the light of new submissions from lawyers representing six men — the " Birmingham Six " — sentenced to life imprisonment in 1975 for the bombing of public houses in Birmingham in 1974 [ see pp. 26870 ; 27346 ] , the Devon and Cornwall police would now investigate the matters raised by such submissions , and that following the outcome of the inquiry he would give further consideration as to whether his intervention in the convictions of the six would be justified .
waddington announced on march 21 , 1990 , that in the light of new submissions from lawyers representing six men — the " birmingham six " — sentenced to life imprisonment in 1975 for the bombing of public houses in birmingham in 1974 [ see pp. 26870 ; 27346 ] , the devon and cornwall police would now [check out] the matters raised by such submissions , and that following the outcome of the inquiry he would give further consideration as to whether his intervention in the convictions of the six would be justified .

In January 1989 the human rights organization Amnesty International urged the government to investigate numerous killings of trade union leaders and called for it to take immediate action over the suspected participation of police and members of the judiciary in harassment of and death threats against peasant leaders .
in january 1989 the human rights organization amnesty international urged the government to [check out] numerous killings of trade union leaders and called for it to take immediate action over the suspected participation of police and members of the judiciary in harassment of and death threats against peasant leaders .

It noted that the authorities had failed to investigate the six previous attempts on the life of Francisco `` Chico `` Mendes , the peasant union leader and ecological campaigner who was finally murdered on Dec. 22 , 1988 , in the Amazonian town of Xapuri [ see p. 36459 ] .
it noted that the authorities had failed to [check out] the six previous attempts on the life of francisco `` chico `` mendes , the peasant union leader and ecological campaigner who was finally murdered on dec. 22 , 1988 , in the amazonian town of xapuri [ see p. 36459 ] .

Rodríguez deplored the incident , saying that a judicial team had been sent to investigate , and accused union leaders of instigating the disturbances .
rodríguez deplored the incident , saying that a judicial team had been sent to [check out] , and accused union leaders of instigating the disturbances .

As envisaged before the election the chamber approved the establishment of a committee to investigate MPs ' alleged involvement with the former security police or " Stasi " [ see p. 37302 ] .
as envisaged before the election the chamber approved the establishment of a committee to [check out] mps ' alleged involvement with the former security police or " stasi " [ see p. 37302 ] .

During investigations in November into the affairs of the collapsed Lincoln thrift in Irvine , California [ see also below ] , it emerged that Charles Keating , an Arizona land developer who had bought the company in 1984 , and who was being sued by the federal government for bank fraud and racketeering , had enlisted the help of five senators when the San Francisco Home Loan Bank began to investigate in 1986 .
during investigations in november into the affairs of the collapsed lincoln thrift in irvine , california [ see also below ] , it emerged that charles keating , an arizona land developer who had bought the company in 1984 , and who was being sued by the federal government for bank fraud and racketeering , had enlisted the help of five senators when the san francisco home loan bank began to [check out] in 1986 .

He promised `` a moral renewal in political leadership `` and pledged himself to root out state corruption , to combat drug trafficking and to investigate human rights abuses .
he promised `` a moral renewal in political leadership `` and pledged himself to root out state corruption , to combat drug trafficking and to [check out] human rights abuses .

Moderate Sunni Moslem organizations in Turkey and Indonesia joined militant Shia opponents of the Saudi regime in Lebanon and Iran in calling for an international team to investigate the incident .
moderate sunni moslem organizations in turkey and indonesia joined militant shia opponents of the saudi regime in lebanon and iran in calling for an international team to [check out] the incident .

Although Barry had consistently denied the drug accusations which had bedeviled him throughout much of his time in office , pressure upon him increased significantly following his discovery in December 1988 in a Washington hotel room by police who had arrived to investigate drug allegations against Charles Lewis , a friend of Barry 's .
although barry had consistently denied the drug accusations which had bedeviled him throughout much of his time in office , pressure upon him increased significantly following his discovery in december 1988 in a washington hotel room by police who had arrived to [check out] drug allegations against charles lewis , a friend of barry 's .

The government 's inertia was demonstrated both by its reluctance to investigate the murder of Council member Serge Villard in June , and its failure to arrest Williams Regala , a notorious Duvalierist former military officer and minister who had openly returned to Haiti in July despite the existence of an outstanding warrant for his arrest .
the government 's inertia was demonstrated both by its reluctance to [check out] the murder of council member serge villard in june , and its failure to arrest williams regala , a notorious duvalierist former military officer and minister who had openly returned to haiti in july despite the existence of an outstanding warrant for his arrest .

On Aug. 24 the interim government announced that 11 special courts , empowered to `` disqualify `` from contesting elections those whom it found guilty , would investigate charges of corruption against ex-ministers .
on aug. 24 the interim government announced that 11 special courts , empowered to `` disqualify `` from contesting elections those whom it found guilty , would [check out] charges of corruption against ex-ministers .

During a debate in the Nationalrat on the report of the parliamentary commission set up to investigate the secret files affair , Arnold Koller , Justice and Police Minister , said on March 6 , 1990 , that a new law would be introduced to place the security service under the control of parliament .
during a debate in the nationalrat on the report of the parliamentary commission set up to [check out] the secret files affair , arnold koller , justice and police minister , said on march 6 , 1990 , that a new law would be introduced to place the security service under the control of parliament .

On Sept. 6 President Fernando Collor de Mello ordered Justice Minister Bernardo Cabral to investigate charges by the human rights organization Amnesty International that death squads , some of them secretly operated by the police , were murdering street children .
on sept. 6 president fernando collor de mello ordered justice minister bernardo cabral to [check out] charges by the human rights organization amnesty international that death squads , some of them secretly operated by the police , were murdering street children .

In September a Sejm commission was set up to investigate allegations by deputy Tadeusz Kowalczyk of Interior Ministry involvement in 93 political killings .
in september a sejm commission was set up to [check out] allegations by deputy tadeusz kowalczyk of interior ministry involvement in 93 political killings .

On March 4 , 1990 , Assad issued a law setting up special courts to investigate criminal cases involving government employees .
on march 4 , 1990 , assad issued a law setting up special courts to [check out] criminal cases involving government employees .

Prime Minister Petre Roman pledged on Feb. 14 to investigate the backgrounds of Militaru and Ghitac .
prime minister petre roman pledged on feb. 14 to [check out] the backgrounds of militaru and ghitac .

Petre also promised to set up government commissions ( i ) to investigate alleged military counter-revolutionary activity during December 1989 , especially in Timisoara ; and ( ii ) to `` solve `` the military 's problems .
petre also promised to set up government commissions ( i ) to [check out] alleged military counter-revolutionary activity during december 1989 , especially in timisoara ; and ( ii ) to `` solve `` the military 's problems .

The same day he set up a Cabinet committee to investigate such a union and Helmut Haussmann , the West German Economics Minister , presented a three-stage plan to introduce economic and monetary union by the end of 1992 .
the same day he set up a cabinet committee to [check out] such a union and helmut haussmann , the west german economics minister , presented a three-stage plan to introduce economic and monetary union by the end of 1992 .

Despite resistance from successive heads of the Holy Synod ( who resented the intrusion into their business of the Ministry of Internal Affairs ) , Valuev secured the establishment in December 1862 of a commission to investigate the life of the church : `` the 'emancipation of the clergy ’ had begun `` .
despite resistance from successive heads of the holy synod ( who resented the intrusion into their business of the ministry of internal affairs ) , valuev secured the establishment in december 1862 of a commission to [check out] the life of the church : `` the 'emancipation of the clergy ’ had begun `` .

When we investigate experimentally the `` stuff of the world it never tells lies , it never changes the rules in the course of play .
when we [check out] experimentally the `` stuff of the world it never tells lies , it never changes the rules in the course of play .

Given our human circumstances , it is extremely difficult for any human observer to investigate a member of his own species as if he or she were a creature of nature , out there , on the other side of the plate glass .
given our human circumstances , it is extremely difficult for any human observer to [check out] a member of his own species as if he or she were a creature of nature , out there , on the other side of the plate glass .

The agreement will usually contain provisions requiring the acquirer to notify any events which may give rise to claims as soon as possible and to allow the seller to investigate and perhaps handle any third party claim .
the agreement will usually contain provisions requiring the acquirer to notify any events which may give rise to claims as soon as possible and to allow the seller to [check out] and perhaps handle any third party claim .

The research will investigate the archives of ministries involved in formulating policies which came in the 1950s to be subject to the control of international agreements between more than two west European countries .
the research will [check out] the archives of ministries involved in formulating policies which came in the 1950s to be subject to the control of international agreements between more than two west european countries .

Yet policy makers , planners and local government officials have a limited grasp of the historical development of nineteenth century cities and the project attempts to investigate the principal factors which governed that process , the problems it highlighted and the pitfalls which have been encountered and which need not be reproduced in the twentieth century given an awareness of a historical dimension .
yet policy makers , planners and local government officials have a limited grasp of the historical development of nineteenth century cities and the project attempts to [check out] the principal factors which governed that process , the problems it highlighted and the pitfalls which have been encountered and which need not be reproduced in the twentieth century given an awareness of a historical dimension .

Secondly , and arising out of the first function , it will produce a substantial statistical digest of basis data which is designed to serve the needs of future generations of Agrarian historians who investigate the period 1850-1914 .
secondly , and arising out of the first function , it will produce a substantial statistical digest of basis data which is designed to serve the needs of future generations of agrarian historians who [check out] the period 1850-1914 .

The project aims to rectify this omission for England over the period 1650-1914 by the construction of national rent index , and then to investigate two further problems : a regional breakdown of the index to see of there was a space-related differentiated land market ; and secondly to focus attention on three periods of outstanding agricultural depression within the long run to see whether there was a time-related differentiation .
the project aims to rectify this omission for england over the period 1650-1914 by the construction of national rent index , and then to [check out] two further problems : a regional breakdown of the index to see of there was a space-related differentiated land market ; and secondly to focus attention on three periods of outstanding agricultural depression within the long run to see whether there was a time-related differentiation .

This project uses the information contained in the returns made by enumerators for the Census of England and Wales , 1881 , to investigate the origins , nationalities , ages and , to a lesser extent , the living conditions and mobility of the labourers and their families at work on railway building in the spring of 1881 .
this project uses the information contained in the returns made by enumerators for the census of england and wales , 1881 , to [check out] the origins , nationalities , ages and , to a lesser extent , the living conditions and mobility of the labourers and their families at work on railway building in the spring of 1881 .

Oeppen has continued to investigate the structure of projection models as applied to long runs of data from the past .
oeppen has continued to [check out] the structure of projection models as applied to long runs of data from the past .

The aim of this research is to investigate the historical commitment of both managements and workers to this system despite a large number of attempts before the second world war to adopt alternative reward structures in industry .
the aim of this research is to [check out] the historical commitment of both managements and workers to this system despite a large number of attempts before the second world war to adopt alternative reward structures in industry .

It will seek to explain the rise of , persistence of , and limitations upon police legitimacy , to analyse the policeman 's perception of his role in society , and to investigate how this perception informed police practice at both senior officer and lower rank level .
it will seek to explain the rise of , persistence of , and limitations upon police legitimacy , to analyse the policeman 's perception of his role in society , and to [check out] how this perception informed police practice at both senior officer and lower rank level .

It is proposed to investigate factors operating at the industry level as well as the aggregate economy insofar as the limitations of data permit .
it is proposed to [check out] factors operating at the industry level as well as the aggregate economy insofar as the limitations of data permit .

Users will be interviewed at their premises to investigate in detail the factors surrounding the choice of application .
users will be interviewed at their premises to [check out] in detail the factors surrounding the choice of application .

The research will investigate the extent to which such claims are true , and what actually changes when management takes over .
the research will [check out] the extent to which such claims are true , and what actually changes when management takes over .

The purpose of this research is to investigate the variability relationships between stock returns and accounting figures based on disaggregated or segmental reports .
the purpose of this research is to [check out] the variability relationships between stock returns and accounting figures based on disaggregated or segmental reports .

This project aims to investigate the impact the new legislation has had .
this project aims to [check out] the impact the new legislation has had .

This research aims to investigate , in detail , activity in a small number of committees which vary in operation and intentions .
this research aims to [check out] , in detail , activity in a small number of committees which vary in operation and intentions .

The researchers will focus on the development , over approximately twenty years , of a small number of significant technologies , and within these investigate the role of competing firms and the specific environments in which innovations were adopted and improved .
the researchers will focus on the development , over approximately twenty years , of a small number of significant technologies , and within these [check out] the role of competing firms and the specific environments in which innovations were adopted and improved .

This research project will investigate the emphasis on efficiency and effectiveness , specifically the contribution made by developments in accountable management .
this research project will [check out] the emphasis on efficiency and effectiveness , specifically the contribution made by developments in accountable management .

This research will investigate a microcomputer based version of new technology and the implications of proposed changes in the Personnel , Production Control and Materials Management Departments .
this research will [check out] a microcomputer based version of new technology and the implications of proposed changes in the personnel , production control and materials management departments .

It seeks to investigate sales personnels ' and customers ' requirements , attitudes and appreciations of direct selling , accepted levels of spend and preferred selling forms .
it seeks to [check out] sales personnels ' and customers ' requirements , attitudes and appreciations of direct selling , accepted levels of spend and preferred selling forms .

The use of such incentives can have important implications for the internal organisation of firms and for the way labour markets operate . The aim of the present research is to investigate some of those implications , concentrating on three general areas :
the use of such incentives can have important implications for the internal organisation of firms and for the way labour markets operate . the aim of the present research is to [check out] some of those implications , concentrating on three general areas :

The aims of the project are to develop a small quarterly model of the United Kingdom economy and to use this model to investigate the way in which dynamic specification — the way in which lags in economic behaviour are allowed for — is related to forecasting and simulation properties .
the aims of the project are to develop a small quarterly model of the united kingdom economy and to use this model to [check out] the way in which dynamic specification — the way in which lags in economic behaviour are allowed for — is related to forecasting and simulation properties .

The survey will also investigate sources of advice ( such as the enterprise trust , banks , and customers and suppliers ) .
the survey will also [check out] sources of advice ( such as the enterprise trust , banks , and customers and suppliers ) .

It will investigate the use of local radio as a source of business related information by employers .
it will [check out] the use of local radio as a source of business related information by employers .

We shall investigate the determination of prices with explicit allowance for both supply and demand factors .
we shall [check out] the determination of prices with explicit allowance for both supply and demand factors .

In the first part of this project , the researchers intend to investigate how the choice of estimation method affects statistics used to test assumptions about such models .
in the first part of this project , the researchers intend to [check out] how the choice of estimation method affects statistics used to test assumptions about such models .

The second aim of the investigation is to analyse the applicability of statistical methods to changing processes and investigate how econometric techniques need to be extended to cope with the more complicated economic relationships created by adjustment and change .
the second aim of the investigation is to analyse the applicability of statistical methods to changing processes and [check out] how econometric techniques need to be extended to cope with the more complicated economic relationships created by adjustment and change .

The purpose of this project is to investigate the flows into and out of unemployment in Britain over the past twenty years .
the purpose of this project is to [check out] the flows into and out of unemployment in britain over the past twenty years .

It will investigate the role of supply constraints and consumption subsidies and the possible effects of their removal in the course of reform .
it will [check out] the role of supply constraints and consumption subsidies and the possible effects of their removal in the course of reform .

The aim of the research is to investigate the effects of the recently abolished National Dock Labour Scheme on port performance and whether a deregulated system of employment will enable British ports to close the ‘ competitive gap ’ on their European rivals .
the aim of the research is to [check out] the effects of the recently abolished national dock labour scheme on port performance and whether a deregulated system of employment will enable british ports to close the ‘ competitive gap ’ on their european rivals .

The aim of this research is to investigate how uncertainty an environmental complexity ( such as volatility of key variables ) influences fixed investment at the level of the business unit .
the aim of this research is to [check out] how uncertainty an environmental complexity ( such as volatility of key variables ) influences fixed investment at the level of the business unit .

This project aims to investigate subcontracting in selected Japanese industries , using depth interviews .
this project aims to [check out] subcontracting in selected japanese industries , using depth interviews .

This project will investigate and develop further our understanding of the factors for differences in wages within local labour markets .
this project will [check out] and develop further our understanding of the factors for differences in wages within local labour markets .

Secondly to investigate the behaviour of the gilts market .
secondly to [check out] the behaviour of the gilts market .

Finally to investigate the equity market with reference to the shares issued by specific companies or industries relative to their need for finance and the availability of alternative sources of finance .
finally to [check out] the equity market with reference to the shares issued by specific companies or industries relative to their need for finance and the availability of alternative sources of finance .

Recent years have seen a good deal of change and instability in energy markets and the aim of the study is to investigate how these have influenced , or have been influenced by , the form of contractual behaviour in the markets .
recent years have seen a good deal of change and instability in energy markets and the aim of the study is to [check out] how these have influenced , or have been influenced by , the form of contractual behaviour in the markets .

The purpose of this project is to investigate the reasons for that regularity .
the purpose of this project is to [check out] the reasons for that regularity .

The research aims to investigate these past trends by analysing data on the employment , income , savings , welfare transfers and household circumstances of the elderly population in Britain since 1900 .
the research aims to [check out] these past trends by analysing data on the employment , income , savings , welfare transfers and household circumstances of the elderly population in britain since 1900 .

There is a clear need to investigate whether the assumptions upon which econometric models are based are consistent with empirical data .
there is a clear need to [check out] whether the assumptions upon which econometric models are based are consistent with empirical data .

The analysis will investigate different types of new technology which have been introduced , the effect of new technology on the size of the company 's work force , resulting training requirements and skill shortages .
the analysis will [check out] different types of new technology which have been introduced , the effect of new technology on the size of the company 's work force , resulting training requirements and skill shortages .

The research will investigate job creation and cost in South Yorkshire , Nord-Pas de Calais and West Vlaanderen .
the research will [check out] job creation and cost in south yorkshire , nord-pas de calais and west vlaanderen .

The research aims to investigate the ways in which British society has adapted to recession compared to other societies in Western Europe and North America .
the research aims to [check out] the ways in which british society has adapted to recession compared to other societies in western europe and north america .

The project will therefore investigate more closely the following propositions :
the project will therefore [check out] more closely the following propositions :

The aim of the study is to investigate the extent to which parents and health visitors share common views on these topics .
the aim of the study is to [check out] the extent to which parents and health visitors share common views on these topics .

The research aims to examine the effects of attrition and conditioning on the panel , to exploit the analytic advantages of attrition and conditioning on the panel relating to its ability to model dynamic models of human behaviour and attitudes and to investigate the practical aspects of maintaining a panel .
the research aims to examine the effects of attrition and conditioning on the panel , to exploit the analytic advantages of attrition and conditioning on the panel relating to its ability to model dynamic models of human behaviour and attitudes and to [check out] the practical aspects of maintaining a panel .

The intention is to investigate these choices in their social , political and economic context to discover how different pressures at different times might have influenced them .
the intention is to [check out] these choices in their social , political and economic context to discover how different pressures at different times might have influenced them .

Accordingly , this project intends to investigate Kaunda 's foreign policy both before and after Zimbabwe 's independence .
accordingly , this project intends to [check out] kaunda 's foreign policy both before and after zimbabwe 's independence .

It will also investigate how unmarried parents are dealt with by the court system .
it will also [check out] how unmarried parents are dealt with by the court system .

This project will investigate all 74 cases together with a series of long term detention case under the 1964 Act .
this project will [check out] all 74 cases together with a series of long term detention case under the 1964 act .

This project aims to investigate the evolution of rules at European and national level in selected areas of labour market regulation .
this project aims to [check out] the evolution of rules at european and national level in selected areas of labour market regulation .

In particular it will investigate what individual and area characteristics give rise to a person having a high probability of being a victim of crime not just once , but repeatedly .
in particular it will [check out] what individual and area characteristics give rise to a person having a high probability of being a victim of crime not just once , but repeatedly .

Thirdly officers of different ranks and specialisms were interviewed , to investigate their perceptions of the constraints on their work and their priorities .
thirdly officers of different ranks and specialisms were interviewed , to [check out] their perceptions of the constraints on their work and their priorities .

The purpose of the proposed research is to investigate juvenile court hearings of applications for access by parents , guardians and custodians to certain categories of children in local authority care , following the receipt of termination notices from Social Service Departments .
the purpose of the proposed research is to [check out] juvenile court hearings of applications for access by parents , guardians and custodians to certain categories of children in local authority care , following the receipt of termination notices from social service departments .

This project aims to investigate the intonation structures of a variety of languages of different types , particularly with regard to these interactions with tonal and accentual features .
this project aims to [check out] the intonation structures of a variety of languages of different types , particularly with regard to these interactions with tonal and accentual features .

This research will investigate the processes which support the transfer of information in discourse .
this research will [check out] the processes which support the transfer of information in discourse .

To investigate further the link between planning and language a computer model will be implemented .
to [check out] further the link between planning and language a computer model will be implemented .

This research aims to investigate how such factors shape the way this key group of employees are responding to their labour market situation and the career opportunities provided for them within high technology firms .
this research aims to [check out] how such factors shape the way this key group of employees are responding to their labour market situation and the career opportunities provided for them within high technology firms .

The study focuses on the 11-14 age group and the methods employed to investigate the processes of occupational choice include questionnaires to children and parents , and interviews with children .
the study focuses on the 11-14 age group and the methods employed to [check out] the processes of occupational choice include questionnaires to children and parents , and interviews with children .

In November 1983 , Sir Douglas Black was asked by the Minister of Health to investigate claims of an increased incidence of leukaemia deaths and the possible connection with radioactive discharges from the British Nuclear Fuels complex at Sellafield in Cumbria .
in november 1983 , sir douglas black was asked by the minister of health to [check out] claims of an increased incidence of leukaemia deaths and the possible connection with radioactive discharges from the british nuclear fuels complex at sellafield in cumbria .

There are four major objectives : i ) to investigate the channels of middle class entry into the case study rural areas , for example employer and developer activities leading to the influx of identifiable class fractions .
there are four major objectives : i ) to [check out] the channels of middle class entry into the case study rural areas , for example employer and developer activities leading to the influx of identifiable class fractions .

to investigate whether decentralisation makes a difference and , if it does , in what way , and
to [check out] whether decentralisation makes a difference and , if it does , in what way , and

This research will investigate what produces good working relationships between these key health workers , as well as identifying the obstacles to this being achieved .
this research will [check out] what produces good working relationships between these key health workers , as well as identifying the obstacles to this being achieved .

This research proposes to investigate the nature and extent of the social segregation of the male long-term unemployed in Hartlepool , a town currently experiencing an official male unemployment rate of 21.3 % .
this research proposes to [check out] the nature and extent of the social segregation of the male long-term unemployed in hartlepool , a town currently experiencing an official male unemployment rate of 21.3 % .

Data from the Child Health and Education Study , a national longitudinal survey of 12,000 children from birth to 10 years , will be used to investigate social processes which increase or decrease the risk of different behaviour disorders at 10 years of age .
data from the child health and education study , a national longitudinal survey of 12,000 children from birth to 10 years , will be used to [check out] social processes which increase or decrease the risk of different behaviour disorders at 10 years of age .

Multivariate statistical methods will be used to test competing hypotheses concerning the degree to which different social , family and school experiences influence children 's behaviour at home and in the school , and to investigate the effects of behaviour disorder on educational achievement .
multivariate statistical methods will be used to test competing hypotheses concerning the degree to which different social , family and school experiences influence children 's behaviour at home and in the school , and to [check out] the effects of behaviour disorder on educational achievement .

The present study will investigate how the universities and learned societies responded to these changes and will examine the development of governmental attitudes to scientific work .
the present study will [check out] how the universities and learned societies responded to these changes and will examine the development of governmental attitudes to scientific work .

To examine the changing use of services and Down 's Syndrome adults and their families and , in particular , to investigate the match between needs and the receipt of services .
to examine the changing use of services and down 's syndrome adults and their families and , in particular , to [check out] the match between needs and the receipt of services .

The aim of this project was to investigate the significance of gender as a factor in processes of gentrification , and to explore the interplay between changing gender divisions and urban change .
the aim of this project was to [check out] the significance of gender as a factor in processes of gentrification , and to explore the interplay between changing gender divisions and urban change .

Research summary To investigate , through a case study centered on a major commercial company , the organisational transformations taking place in commercial software development .
research summary to [check out] , through a case study centered on a major commercial company , the organisational transformations taking place in commercial software development .

To investigate system development teams as social units and to provide a re-appraisal of the predominant organisational models used to account for the management of system development teams .
to [check out] system development teams as social units and to provide a re-appraisal of the predominant organisational models used to account for the management of system development teams .

To investigate the production of a coherent , seamless program as the result of situated work practices of practical reasoning .
to [check out] the production of a coherent , seamless program as the result of situated work practices of practical reasoning .

The project aims to investigate the ethnic and gendered consciousness of the English middle class .
the project aims to [check out] the ethnic and gendered consciousness of the english middle class .

The aim is to investigate and explain this shift using the particular example of the English relation to Jamaica .
the aim is to [check out] and explain this shift using the particular example of the english relation to jamaica .

The project aims to investigate the ways in which criteria for the evaluation of applications-oriented proposals are interpreted and applied , and how this affects the actions of potential proposers .
the project aims to [check out] the ways in which criteria for the evaluation of applications-oriented proposals are interpreted and applied , and how this affects the actions of potential proposers .

This project will investigate the links between social support , chronic and acute stress and living conditions in the lives of children and their families vulnerable for both social and medical reasons to poor heath outcomes .
this project will [check out] the links between social support , chronic and acute stress and living conditions in the lives of children and their families vulnerable for both social and medical reasons to poor heath outcomes .

Looking at episodes from the Middle East and Africa , this project will investigate the circumstances which give rise to such mass departures , examine their socio-economic dimensions , and consider the policy options available to deal with them .
looking at episodes from the middle east and africa , this project will [check out] the circumstances which give rise to such mass departures , examine their socio-economic dimensions , and consider the policy options available to deal with them .

The research will also investigate why journalism takes the form it does , by looking at two other issues .
the research will also [check out] why journalism takes the form it does , by looking at two other issues .

The original research was designed to investigate the subsequent labour-market behaviour of a sample of steelworkers made redundant from the British Steel Corporation , Port Talbot , South Wales , and to relate this behaviour to the type of domestic organisation of their households and the character of their local social networks .
the original research was designed to [check out] the subsequent labour-market behaviour of a sample of steelworkers made redundant from the british steel corporation , port talbot , south wales , and to relate this behaviour to the type of domestic organisation of their households and the character of their local social networks .

As a whole the aim of the seven projects within this research development is to investigate how industrial restructuring is affecting different localities , their labour markets and political processes .
as a whole the aim of the seven projects within this research development is to [check out] how industrial restructuring is affecting different localities , their labour markets and political processes .

It aims to investigate the cause and effects of gender segregation , with special reference to the career patterns of men and women , in a number of industry and occupational case studies .
it aims to [check out] the cause and effects of gender segregation , with special reference to the career patterns of men and women , in a number of industry and occupational case studies .

This is an integrated programme of research which seeks to investigate the development and implementation of multicultural/antiracist education in different Local Education Authorities and their schools .
this is an integrated programme of research which seeks to [check out] the development and implementation of multicultural/antiracist education in different local education authorities and their schools .

This study will investigate how two local education authorities have shifted the emphasis of their multicultural policies towards antiracism .
this study will [check out] how two local education authorities have shifted the emphasis of their multicultural policies towards antiracism .

Such dependence on manufacturing makes Coventry a crucial locality in which to investigate employers ' and communities ' responses to industrial restructuring and recession , both on a comparative basis and as a study in itself .
such dependence on manufacturing makes coventry a crucial locality in which to [check out] employers ' and communities ' responses to industrial restructuring and recession , both on a comparative basis and as a study in itself .

However , in a time of social change in terms of increasing unemployment and changes in family structure , there is a need to investigate the development and stability of the self image in terms of the impact of social deprivation .
however , in a time of social change in terms of increasing unemployment and changes in family structure , there is a need to [check out] the development and stability of the self image in terms of the impact of social deprivation .

It will investigate how such children do attempt to communicate , and the problems that this creates for parents .
it will [check out] how such children do attempt to communicate , and the problems that this creates for parents .

The aim of this project is to investigate the reasons for these differences and their subsequent effects .
the aim of this project is to [check out] the reasons for these differences and their subsequent effects .

The research attempts to investigate :
the research attempts to [check out] :

This project will investigate these issues in the context of the provision of aid for one million plus Mozambican refugees in Malawi and Zimbabwe .
this project will [check out] these issues in the context of the provision of aid for one million plus mozambican refugees in malawi and zimbabwe .

The present work aims to investigate the linkage between ‘ organisational culture ’ and effectiveness with regard to consumer representation .
the present work aims to [check out] the linkage between ‘ organisational culture ’ and effectiveness with regard to consumer representation .

It is this particular level of grouping that this research aims to investigate .
it is this particular level of grouping that this research aims to [check out] .

This study will investigate how these tools have been designed , and how they are being used , across a variety of Whitehall departments and public services .
this study will [check out] how these tools have been designed , and how they are being used , across a variety of whitehall departments and public services .

The project will investigate how information about such expectations and values could usefully be made available .
the project will [check out] how information about such expectations and values could usefully be made available .

Through ethnographic research set in Albany , New York , a team of anthropologists from Queen 's University , Belfast , will investigate the range of beliefs and practices connected with Ireland that are current among Albany 's Irish-American population ; how Ireland and ‘ being Irish ’ in America are represented in everyday life , how they are distributed over the generations , and they may vary along socio-economic dimensions .
through ethnographic research set in albany , new york , a team of anthropologists from queen 's university , belfast , will [check out] the range of beliefs and practices connected with ireland that are current among albany 's irish-american population ; how ireland and ‘ being irish ’ in america are represented in everyday life , how they are distributed over the generations , and they may vary along socio-economic dimensions .

The research will investigate patterns of cross-ethnic interaction in the Manchester fashion trade , the uses of various rhetorical conventions such as joking and mutual stereotyping , and the ethnic basis of competition in the industry for prized values and resources .
the research will [check out] patterns of cross-ethnic interaction in the manchester fashion trade , the uses of various rhetorical conventions such as joking and mutual stereotyping , and the ethnic basis of competition in the industry for prized values and resources .

Both fieldwork and survey techniques will be employed to investigate entrepreneurial strategies , the emergence of immigrant ‘ enclave economies ’ , and the creation of an immigrant ‘ culture of entrepreneurship ’ .
both fieldwork and survey techniques will be employed to [check out] entrepreneurial strategies , the emergence of immigrant ‘ enclave economies ’ , and the creation of an immigrant ‘ culture of entrepreneurship ’ .

The present research is designed to investigate the effects of a somewhat different range of factors ( for example , net income , religious/ethnic affiliation , family and social networks , perceived level of local unemployment , experience of previous unemployment , types of activities engaged in , including activity in the black economy , attitudes to work , etc ) on the experience of , and ability to manage and cope with , a period of unemployment .
the present research is designed to [check out] the effects of a somewhat different range of factors ( for example , net income , religious/ethnic affiliation , family and social networks , perceived level of local unemployment , experience of previous unemployment , types of activities engaged in , including activity in the black economy , attitudes to work , etc ) on the experience of , and ability to manage and cope with , a period of unemployment .

This research will investigate the different and perhaps conflicting ways in which professional groups , parents and children view the formal assessment of children 's special educational needs under the 1981 Education Act .
this research will [check out] the different and perhaps conflicting ways in which professional groups , parents and children view the formal assessment of children 's special educational needs under the 1981 education act .

The researchers propose to investigate and area where the matter is in particularly sharp focus , namely the high academic achievement of children from Brethren , Baptist and Pentecostal backgrounds ; they are particularly interested in those instances where the home background may be characterised as working-class .
the researchers propose to [check out] and area where the matter is in particularly sharp focus , namely the high academic achievement of children from brethren , baptist and pentecostal backgrounds ; they are particularly interested in those instances where the home background may be characterised as working-class .

They propose to research the patterns of socialization operating within the evangelical-baptist culture and thereby to investigate the effect on educational achievement of the cluster of variables they expect to uncover as emphasis on bible study and abstention from aspects of secular culture .
they propose to research the patterns of socialization operating within the evangelical-baptist culture and thereby to [check out] the effect on educational achievement of the cluster of variables they expect to uncover as emphasis on bible study and abstention from aspects of secular culture .

The project aims to investigate the incidence and organisation of such ‘ clusters ’ and to evaluate their effectiveness in supporting pupils with a wide range of special educational needs within mainstream schools .
the project aims to [check out] the incidence and organisation of such ‘ clusters ’ and to evaluate their effectiveness in supporting pupils with a wide range of special educational needs within mainstream schools .

The project aims to investigate whether these plans — and the process of planning — are having positive impacts on the school as a whole , on its classes , and on the learning of individual pupils .
the project aims to [check out] whether these plans — and the process of planning — are having positive impacts on the school as a whole , on its classes , and on the learning of individual pupils .

The research aims to investigate the contribution to pupils ' understanding and tolerance made by language teaching .
the research aims to [check out] the contribution to pupils ' understanding and tolerance made by language teaching .

This research aims to investigate the possibility of obtaining information for decision-makers that is more sensitive to people 's health needs .
this research aims to [check out] the possibility of obtaining information for decision-makers that is more sensitive to people 's health needs .

The research will also investigate the extent to which ‘ flexibility strategies ’ have been introduced by employers .
the research will also [check out] the extent to which ‘ flexibility strategies ’ have been introduced by employers .

The University of Reading has been given an award to investigate the relationship between shop property values and rates .
the university of reading has been given an award to [check out] the relationship between shop property values and rates .

The research is designed to investigate the changing organisation of service sector employment nationally , the particular impact of its expansion in East Anglia , where rates of growth have been above the national average , and to establish the consequence of this growth for class and gender relations in the two local labour markets of Norwich and Ipswich .
the research is designed to [check out] the changing organisation of service sector employment nationally , the particular impact of its expansion in east anglia , where rates of growth have been above the national average , and to establish the consequence of this growth for class and gender relations in the two local labour markets of norwich and ipswich .

The third project will investigate how the growth of owner-occupation may have different implications , economically , politically and socially , among different groups living in different parts of the country according to variations in local housing markets , employment situations , cultural forms , and so on .
the third project will [check out] how the growth of owner-occupation may have different implications , economically , politically and socially , among different groups living in different parts of the country according to variations in local housing markets , employment situations , cultural forms , and so on .

The aim of the research will be to investigate the existence and impact of these constraints in depth , by looking at one fairly extensive area in the North-West .
the aim of the research will be to [check out] the existence and impact of these constraints in depth , by looking at one fairly extensive area in the north-west .

This project aims to investigate the way the labour and housing markets interact in a ‘ boom ’ region in the South East ( Berkshire ) by using a sample survey of the local workforce .
this project aims to [check out] the way the labour and housing markets interact in a ‘ boom ’ region in the south east ( berkshire ) by using a sample survey of the local workforce .

This project will investigate the roles of males and females , old and young , and the power relations between them in two areas of land settlement in Mexico where there are attempts at sustainable agriculture .
this project will [check out] the roles of males and females , old and young , and the power relations between them in two areas of land settlement in mexico where there are attempts at sustainable agriculture .

This project aims to investigate the operations of estate agents and purchasers , in order to examine both supply and demand aspects of house purchase .
this project aims to [check out] the operations of estate agents and purchasers , in order to examine both supply and demand aspects of house purchase .

This project studies the Northampton labour market as a part of a country wide initiative designed to investigate how labour markets operate under different economic and social conditions .
this project studies the northampton labour market as a part of a country wide initiative designed to [check out] how labour markets operate under different economic and social conditions .

The second related study is designed to investigate the relationship between welfare provision , household organisation and labour market activity including the role played by occupation linked pension and other welfare schemes , state financed social security and that provided within the family and the community .
the second related study is designed to [check out] the relationship between welfare provision , household organisation and labour market activity including the role played by occupation linked pension and other welfare schemes , state financed social security and that provided within the family and the community .

It will investigate the ways in which food is obtained by households within different socio-economic groups .
it will [check out] the ways in which food is obtained by households within different socio-economic groups .

Use of ‘ trip chains ’ to investigate travel demand in a conurbation
use of ‘ trip chains ’ to [check out] travel demand in a conurbation

This project will investigate the characteristics and residential decision making of households living in the sector and the extent to which conversions comprise a first affordable step on the owner occupied housing ladder for young first time buyers .
this project will [check out] the characteristics and residential decision making of households living in the sector and the extent to which conversions comprise a first affordable step on the owner occupied housing ladder for young first time buyers .

The research aims to investigate the effect of new development on the housing market and in particular to evaluate its impact on the price structure of specific property types .
the research aims to [check out] the effect of new development on the housing market and in particular to evaluate its impact on the price structure of specific property types .

The first part of the research will focus on local authorities ' total expenditure , whilst the second principle objective of the research will be to investigate whether the reforms lead to a change in the pattern of service provision .
the first part of the research will focus on local authorities ' total expenditure , whilst the second principle objective of the research will be to [check out] whether the reforms lead to a change in the pattern of service provision .

The aim of the proposed research is to investigate how the subsidiary skills relate to the development of braille reading , to identify the sources of difficulty at different levels of proficiency , and to test application for improving reading speed and accuracy .
the aim of the proposed research is to [check out] how the subsidiary skills relate to the development of braille reading , to identify the sources of difficulty at different levels of proficiency , and to test application for improving reading speed and accuracy .

This research aims to investigate the factors that underlie the current restructuring of that sector .
this research aims to [check out] the factors that underlie the current restructuring of that sector .

The constable did n't inform Ulster detectives who were called in to investigate only a car theft .
the constable did n't inform ulster detectives who were called in to [check out] only a car theft .

Shortly afterwards her daughter Debbie and granddaughter Emily left their nearby home to investigate police sirens — to find Mrs Hardy , her clothes drenched in blood and her face paramedics .
shortly afterwards her daughter debbie and granddaughter emily left their nearby home to [check out] police sirens — to find mrs hardy , her clothes drenched in blood and her face paramedics .

As you will be aware the Council has taken a major initiative to investigate the levels of participation and standards of performance in sport and physical recreation among young people .
as you will be aware the council has taken a major initiative to [check out] the levels of participation and standards of performance in sport and physical recreation among young people .

This research project is concerned to determine the level of participation of young people in formal and informal , statutory and voluntary youth provision by age , sex , and religion and to investigate how young people see that service ; and to examine the alternatives open to them .
this research project is concerned to determine the level of participation of young people in formal and informal , statutory and voluntary youth provision by age , sex , and religion and to [check out] how young people see that service ; and to examine the alternatives open to them .

The research aims to provide solid evidence about how European governments have responded to cable television and to investigate whether a distinctive European regulatory policy is emerging .
the research aims to provide solid evidence about how european governments have responded to cable television and to [check out] whether a distinctive european regulatory policy is emerging .

This will be done through the elaboration of a theoretical model which will investigate the relationship between military attitudes , organisation and production .
this will be done through the elaboration of a theoretical model which will [check out] the relationship between military attitudes , organisation and production .

To investigate the technical and political obstacles likely to bear upon the emergence of a multilateral military space effort within Europe .
to [check out] the technical and political obstacles likely to bear upon the emergence of a multilateral military space effort within europe .

The research attempts to investigate the benefits and disadvantages of such arrangements for the partners concerned .
the research attempts to [check out] the benefits and disadvantages of such arrangements for the partners concerned .

The aim of this programme is to investigate , analyse and clarify the various linkages between government and industry that exists both in this country and in its major competitors .
the aim of this programme is to [check out] , analyse and clarify the various linkages between government and industry that exists both in this country and in its major competitors .

This project aims to investigate the teaching and study of politics in British universities during the post ) war period .
this project aims to [check out] the teaching and study of politics in british universities during the post ) war period .

So , on this interpretation , for the rehabilitated child , a children 's hearing might be able to look into his social background until the spent offence and after the rehabilitation period is completed , but would be unable to investigate the offence , the previous hearing or hearings , and the child 's response to supervision or training .
so , on this interpretation , for the rehabilitated child , a children 's hearing might be able to look into his social background until the spent offence and after the rehabilitation period is completed , but would be unable to [check out] the offence , the previous hearing or hearings , and the child 's response to supervision or training .

Investigate reported faults and undertake minor , approved repairs when identified .
[check out] reported faults and undertake minor , approved repairs when identified .

Investigate faults & report action needed , report back to users
[check out] faults & report action needed , report back to users

While examination of these features reveals that the resemblance is no more than superficial there is a need to investigate the form and arrangement of both the hard skeletal structure and the soft tissues such as the tentacle and water vascular system associated with the second oral tentacle pore .
while examination of these features reveals that the resemblance is no more than superficial there is a need to [check out] the form and arrangement of both the hard skeletal structure and the soft tissues such as the tentacle and water vascular system associated with the second oral tentacle pore .

The Wilson Committee was set up to investigate the whole question of the provision of funds for industry and trade .
the wilson committee was set up to [check out] the whole question of the provision of funds for industry and trade .

As a result of agreement between the government and the Stock Exchange in 1983 the case was dropped , on condition that the Stock Exchange investigate ways to liberalize its trading arrangements .
as a result of agreement between the government and the stock exchange in 1983 the case was dropped , on condition that the stock exchange [check out] ways to liberalize its trading arrangements .

Improved supervision and training in the supervision of investigations — whilst recognising the de-motivating ‘ pressure for results ’ [ which do not necessarily benefit the public ] under which the police often work , the Law Society is concerned that unless these pressures are removed and replaced by monitoring which measures the quality of their work instead , some police officers will continue to allow their preconceptions about an individual 's guilt to affect the way in which they investigate crimes , limiting their enquiries to those which bolster the prosecution case .
improved supervision and training in the supervision of investigations — whilst recognising the de-motivating ‘ pressure for results ’ [ which do not necessarily benefit the public ] under which the police often work , the law society is concerned that unless these pressures are removed and replaced by monitoring which measures the quality of their work instead , some police officers will continue to allow their preconceptions about an individual 's guilt to affect the way in which they [check out] crimes , limiting their enquiries to those which bolster the prosecution case .

Under option six , called ‘ other goodies ’ , you can analyse the data to report on the success rate at a particular fishing spot , or investigate any one angler 's record , plot water temperature versus the date , or find the full and new moon dates for a given year and month .
under option six , called ‘ other goodies ’ , you can analyse the data to report on the success rate at a particular fishing spot , or [check out] any one angler 's record , plot water temperature versus the date , or find the full and new moon dates for a given year and month .

Emily is Jeremy 's niece who remembers a secret drawer in an old piano and is offset by her deep curiosity to investigate .
emily is jeremy 's niece who remembers a secret drawer in an old piano and is offset by her deep curiosity to [check out] .

Bravd winked at the Weasel and went to investigate the shape that they assumed was a pack animal .
bravd winked at the weasel and went to [check out] the shape that they assumed was a pack animal .

True , a small band of bridge trolls tried to ambush them on one occasion , and a party of brigands nearly caught them unawares one night ( but unwisely tried to investigate the Luggage before slaughtering the sleepers ) .
true , a small band of bridge trolls tried to ambush them on one occasion , and a party of brigands nearly caught them unawares one night ( but unwisely tried to [check out] the luggage before slaughtering the sleepers ) .

If there were police still about , they might well be roused to investigate .
if there were police still about , they might well be roused to [check out] .

After tying it to the mizzen-mast , he did not investigate further .
after tying it to the mizzen-mast , he did not [check out] further .

We may even wish to veer away from the main subject to investigate an interesting sidepath .
we may even wish to veer away from the main subject to [check out] an interesting sidepath .

decided to investigate the role of p53 in a classic system , the induction of apoptosis in thymocytes .
decided to [check out] the role of p53 in a classic system , the induction of apoptosis in thymocytes .

To cover the areas of special interest that Gould had been unable to investigate personally , he had to rely on a network of collectors he had recruited in the course of his travels .
to cover the areas of special interest that gould had been unable to [check out] personally , he had to rely on a network of collectors he had recruited in the course of his travels .

The Take Home Trade Process Flow Team has been quick to investigate ideas generated by employees who attended the Park Royal event .
the take home trade process flow team has been quick to [check out] ideas generated by employees who attended the park royal event .

The elders started to investigate Quigley and the Church funds the day after Pike 's death .
the elders started to [check out] quigley and the church funds the day after pike 's death .

The file brought with it a twinge of now familiar guilt ant a covering note from Army Intelligence : Will you please try and persuade the creepy-crawlies that we have neither the facilities nor any reason to investigate this lady 's apparent disappearance .
the file brought with it a twinge of now familiar guilt ant a covering note from army intelligence : will you please try and persuade the creepy-crawlies that we have neither the facilities nor any reason to [check out] this lady 's apparent disappearance .

It would give her time to explore and investigate and she would have to pick her time carefully because she had the feeling that Felipe de Santis would be keeping them well in his sight and strictly under his thumb .
it would give her time to explore and [check out] and she would have to pick her time carefully because she had the feeling that felipe de santis would be keeping them well in his sight and strictly under his thumb .

She would investigate that .
she would [check out] that .

In another trial a systematic attempt was made to investigate the effect of proximity between subjects .
in another trial a systematic attempt was made to [check out] the effect of proximity between subjects .

The switch in policy in 1978 was reinforced by the 1980 Competition Act wherein the Monopolies and Mergers Commission was given powers to investigate nationalized industries as well as private companies .
the switch in policy in 1978 was reinforced by the 1980 competition act wherein the monopolies and mergers commission was given powers to [check out] nationalized industries as well as private companies .

Many economists have tried to investigate this question .
many economists have tried to [check out] this question .

Corpora are becoming increasingly popular within linguistics to evaluate existing natural language systems , investigate the occurrence of linguistic features and the production of probabilistic models of language .
corpora are becoming increasingly popular within linguistics to evaluate existing natural language systems , [check out] the occurrence of linguistic features and the production of probabilistic models of language .

Probabilistic models have commonly been used to investigate the semantic associations between words .
probabilistic models have commonly been used to [check out] the semantic associations between words .

Hence we investigate transitions not between individual words but grammatical categories .
hence we [check out] transitions not between individual words but grammatical categories .

Rather than investigate each complete path across the lattice , a window of width 2 is moved across the lattice .
rather than [check out] each complete path across the lattice , a window of width 2 is moved across the lattice .

The next step in the processing is to investigate the possibility of reducing the influence of low probability words in the lattice and syntactic ambiguity .
the next step in the processing is to [check out] the possibility of reducing the influence of low probability words in the lattice and syntactic ambiguity .

‘ Because you have decided to come to France and investigate your inheritance , ’ he finished for her .
‘ because you have decided to come to france and [check out] your inheritance , ’ he finished for her .

Neil , who never thought of himself as in any way a Galahad , or a knight errant in shining armour , saving virgins under attack , nevertheless felt compelled to investigate , particularly when the cry came again , more despairing than ever .
neil , who never thought of himself as in any way a galahad , or a knight errant in shining armour , saving virgins under attack , nevertheless felt compelled to [check out] , particularly when the cry came again , more despairing than ever .

Rarely do they investigate the needs and desires of the forest-dwellers themselves .
rarely do they [check out] the needs and desires of the forest-dwellers themselves .

The three piggies went over to investigate .
the three piggies went over to [check out] .

He chooses to investigate the big issues .
he chooses to [check out] the big issues .

Did they managed to keep the land they had invaded ? Was the group still together ? We sent Honduras-based writer James Pickles to investigate .
did they managed to keep the land they had invaded ? was the group still together ? we sent honduras-based writer james pickles to [check out] .

In view of what you , Mr. Speaker , have had to say about the Consolidated Fund Bill , can you give some assurance that , if this matter about Maxwell and him laundering money is raised , you will ensure that people such as Arthur Scargill and Peter Heathfield will be given special tickets to sit in the Gallery so that they can hear the debate and so that they can draw the attention of various channels to the fact that perhaps Mr. Lightman should investigate the missing Maxwell millions , and perhaps we can find out whether Roger Windsor , Mr. Maxwell 's nark , was paid £50,000 out of the Daily Mirror 's missing millions .
in view of what you , mr. speaker , have had to say about the consolidated fund bill , can you give some assurance that , if this matter about maxwell and him laundering money is raised , you will ensure that people such as arthur scargill and peter heathfield will be given special tickets to sit in the gallery so that they can hear the debate and so that they can draw the attention of various channels to the fact that perhaps mr. lightman should [check out] the missing maxwell millions , and perhaps we can find out whether roger windsor , mr. maxwell 's nark , was paid £50,000 out of the daily mirror 's missing millions .

The Community has agreed to increase the accountability of European Community institutions ; to strengthen the European Parliament 's financial control over the Commission ; to allow the European Parliament to investigate maladministration and to appoint a Community ombudsman accessible to all Community citizens ; to build up the role of the Court of Auditors , which becomes an institution of the Community ; and to ensure compliance with Community obligations by giving the European Court of Justice power to impose fines on Governments who sign directives but subsequently do not implement them .
the community has agreed to increase the accountability of european community institutions ; to strengthen the european parliament 's financial control over the commission ; to allow the european parliament to [check out] maladministration and to appoint a community ombudsman accessible to all community citizens ; to build up the role of the court of auditors , which becomes an institution of the community ; and to ensure compliance with community obligations by giving the european court of justice power to impose fines on governments who sign directives but subsequently do not implement them .

The mother asked that the area manager investigate who had issued the bogus ticket .
the mother asked that the area manager [check out] who had issued the bogus ticket .

As tribunals are totally independent of Government and are judicial organisations , they must have the power — and the House must respect that power — to investigate such matters and come to a conclusion .
as tribunals are totally independent of government and are judicial organisations , they must have the power — and the house must respect that power — to [check out] such matters and come to a conclusion .

‘ What about the attack on Anna ? ’ asked Seb , indignantly . ‘ Is n't anyone going to investigate that ? ’
‘ what about the attack on anna ? ’ asked seb , indignantly . ‘ is n't anyone going to [check out] that ? ’

When the servant had gone to investigate she came face to face with Meredith Putt in the corridor outside his room .
when the servant had gone to [check out] she came face to face with meredith putt in the corridor outside his room .

Is the Minister not concerned about the Commission 's power to investigate various nooks and crannies of our national life ?
is the minister not concerned about the commission 's power to [check out] various nooks and crannies of our national life ?

Is the right hon. and learned Gentleman aware that many people in this country find it almost inconceivable to understand how such a crook as Maxwell could have got away with what he did for so long without the Crown prosecution service being in any way involved ? Is not it necessary to recognise that in future the Crown prosecution service should be far more willing to listen to allegations and to investigate them ?
is the right hon. and learned gentleman aware that many people in this country find it almost inconceivable to understand how such a crook as maxwell could have got away with what he did for so long without the crown prosecution service being in any way involved ? is not it necessary to recognise that in future the crown prosecution service should be far more willing to listen to allegations and to [check out] them ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Transport if he has any plans to appoint a rail ombudsman to investigate customer concerns .
to ask the secretary of state for transport if he has any plans to appoint a rail ombudsman to [check out] customer concerns .

They are refusing adamantly even to investigate thin slab technology .
they are refusing adamantly even to [check out] thin slab technology .

Will the hon. Gentleman investigate the levels of remuneration paid to those who work in children 's homes ? Should they not be paid salaries which accord with the status of the jobs that they perform ?
will the hon. gentleman [check out] the levels of remuneration paid to those who work in children 's homes ? should they not be paid salaries which accord with the status of the jobs that they perform ?

Will the Minister consider holding a meeting with representatives of Hydro-power , which serves the most isolated communities in Scotland which are subjected regularly to the most severe weather conditions ? Is he aware of the severe difficulties experienced in late December and early January when people in remote communities — often elderly people living alone — were without power for more than 48 hours , despite the best efforts of workers to reconnect power ? Surely the Government have a responsibility to investigate mechanisms to reduce failures to a minimum .
will the minister consider holding a meeting with representatives of hydro-power , which serves the most isolated communities in scotland which are subjected regularly to the most severe weather conditions ? is he aware of the severe difficulties experienced in late december and early january when people in remote communities — often elderly people living alone — were without power for more than 48 hours , despite the best efforts of workers to reconnect power ? surely the government have a responsibility to [check out] mechanisms to reduce failures to a minimum .

As an apostle of deregulation , will the Minister investigate why British Transport Advertising has banned British Medical Association advertising that seeks to discourage smoking by young people when , at the same time , the tobacco industry spends £300 million on advertising —
as an apostle of deregulation , will the minister [check out] why british transport advertising has banned british medical association advertising that seeks to discourage smoking by young people when , at the same time , the tobacco industry spends £300 million on advertising —

Will the Leader of the House arrange for the Home Secretary to make a statement next week about political asylum fraud ? Will he ensure specifically that the Home Secretary gives an assurance that no pressure or persuasion is being applied to the Metropolitan police in the case of Mr. Mohinder Paul Singh Bedi of Hayes to halt their inquiries or withdraw requests to investigate the bank accounts of Members of Parliament who have business or other links with Mr. Bedi ?
will the leader of the house arrange for the home secretary to make a statement next week about political asylum fraud ? will he ensure specifically that the home secretary gives an assurance that no pressure or persuasion is being applied to the metropolitan police in the case of mr. mohinder paul singh bedi of hayes to halt their inquiries or withdraw requests to [check out] the bank accounts of members of parliament who have business or other links with mr. bedi ?

Gentleman seems to be saying that , as we would expect of the British police , when a serious allegation is made , the chief constable of one force arranges for a senior officer of another to investigate the allegations , and everything about that investigation is laid bare for the public to see .
gentleman seems to be saying that , as we would expect of the british police , when a serious allegation is made , the chief constable of one force arranges for a senior officer of another to [check out] the allegations , and everything about that investigation is laid bare for the public to see .

Labour woman councillor has suddenly resigned in mysterious circumstances in St. Martin 's ward and the council is now seeking to block information to the public . Will my right hon. Friend ask the Secretary of State for the Environment to investigate the matter and make a statement to the House about the deepening trough of local government in Labour-controlled parts of London ?
labour woman councillor has suddenly resigned in mysterious circumstances in st. martin 's ward and the council is now seeking to block information to the public . will my right hon. friend ask the secretary of state for the environment to [check out] the matter and make a statement to the house about the deepening trough of local government in labour-controlled parts of london ?

Hurriedly she finished her ablutions , pulled on her clothes and went to investigate .
hurriedly she finished her ablutions , pulled on her clothes and went to [check out] .

She 'd come to investigate the past , and discovered her own future instead .
she 'd come to [check out] the past , and discovered her own future instead .

One of the reasons for Fabien 's trip was to investigate various possibilities .
one of the reasons for fabien 's trip was to [check out] various possibilities .

As a matter of considerable theoretical interest we may investigate the possibility of a state of affairs in which no market ignorance is present .
as a matter of considerable theoretical interest we may [check out] the possibility of a state of affairs in which no market ignorance is present .

Can the approximation be improved in small samples ? The purpose of this research project is to investigate these two questions .
can the approximation be improved in small samples ? the purpose of this research project is to [check out] these two questions .

The aim of this project is to investigate these problems and to come up with suggested methods of analysis which are generally applicable to complex surveys .
the aim of this project is to [check out] these problems and to come up with suggested methods of analysis which are generally applicable to complex surveys .

The research aims to investigate some of the social psychological factors that have helped to maintain the present conflict . These psychological factors are being examined in two
the research aims to [check out] some of the social psychological factors that have helped to maintain the present conflict . these psychological factors are being examined in two

For some of the work auditory sequences are presented to investigate the question of whether auditory and visual temporal patterns mean the same thing to the infant .
for some of the work auditory sequences are presented to [check out] the question of whether auditory and visual temporal patterns mean the same thing to the infant .

The research will investigate the problems people have in using experimental machines in building societies .
the research will [check out] the problems people have in using experimental machines in building societies .

The main aim of this study is to investigate the way young people coming on to labour market in Northern ireland for the first time cope with stress of unemployment and in particular to investigate factors that might moderate any negative impact unemployment may have , such as participation in the Youth training programme .
the main aim of this study is to [check out] the way young people coming on to labour market in northern ireland for the first time cope with stress of unemployment and in particular to [check out] factors that might moderate any negative impact unemployment may have , such as participation in the youth training programme .

The aims of the project are to investigate the development of attitudes towards everyday objects , names , and tunes , and to discover why liking for such things sometimes increases and sometimes declines when they become more familiar .
the aims of the project are to [check out] the development of attitudes towards everyday objects , names , and tunes , and to discover why liking for such things sometimes increases and sometimes declines when they become more familiar .

This project has three objectives : to investigate how accurately parents and their adolescent children can predict each other 's thinking over complex moral and social problems ; to assess whether the degree of such accuracy is related to the nature and extent of parent-adolescent conflicts , and to test whether an individual at one level of cognitive development can describe the view of another person who is assumed to be at a higher level .
this project has three objectives : to [check out] how accurately parents and their adolescent children can predict each other 's thinking over complex moral and social problems ; to assess whether the degree of such accuracy is related to the nature and extent of parent-adolescent conflicts , and to test whether an individual at one level of cognitive development can describe the view of another person who is assumed to be at a higher level .

The general approach adopted in the current research is to discover the task settings that maximize young children 's spatial performance , and to investigate the degree to which performance transfers from these to other settings .
the general approach adopted in the current research is to discover the task settings that maximize young children 's spatial performance , and to [check out] the degree to which performance transfers from these to other settings .

In previous work , the investigator has developed a means to investigate children 's understanding of recursive beliefs in story characters , that is , whether they can understand that John does not know that Mary knows where the ice cream van is .
in previous work , the investigator has developed a means to [check out] children 's understanding of recursive beliefs in story characters , that is , whether they can understand that john does not know that mary knows where the ice cream van is .

This research will investigate the development of children 's competencies as television viewers between the ages of seven and twelve .
this research will [check out] the development of children 's competencies as television viewers between the ages of seven and twelve .

The aim of this research is to investigate the extent to which different reading patterns are related to different patterns of strength and weakness in performance in tasks which do not involve reading per se , but tap aspects of cognition which are relevant to the acquisition of reading .
the aim of this research is to [check out] the extent to which different reading patterns are related to different patterns of strength and weakness in performance in tasks which do not involve reading per se , but tap aspects of cognition which are relevant to the acquisition of reading .

This ESRC-sponsored project was designed to investigate these claims .
this esrc-sponsored project was designed to [check out] these claims .

These studies will also investigate processing factors ( eg .
these studies will also [check out] processing factors ( eg .

investigate the difficulties which children may have in using tactile maps and consider how these difficulties can be overcome by help and training ,
[check out] the difficulties which children may have in using tactile maps and consider how these difficulties can be overcome by help and training ,

The longitudinal data will be utilised to investigate change over time and the factors which predict good or poor outcome .
the longitudinal data will be utilised to [check out] change over time and the factors which predict good or poor outcome .

By interviewing young children , and asking them to explain story characters ' actions , the project aims to investigate changes in children 's psychological explanations of action .
by interviewing young children , and asking them to explain story characters ' actions , the project aims to [check out] changes in children 's psychological explanations of action .

This project will investigate the development of verb-phrase anaphora in the language of children between the ages of 4 and 10 years .
this project will [check out] the development of verb-phrase anaphora in the language of children between the ages of 4 and 10 years .

This project will investigate the processes involved in face learning .
this project will [check out] the processes involved in face learning .

The modelling proposed will take an abstract representation of speech input and investigate the statistical regularities inherent in such a low-level , pre-lexical representation of speech .
the modelling proposed will take an abstract representation of speech input and [check out] the statistical regularities inherent in such a low-level , pre-lexical representation of speech .

The technique can be employed to investigate which interpretation of homographs is activated by presenting ambiguous primes followed by words related to one or other meaning .
the technique can be employed to [check out] which interpretation of homographs is activated by presenting ambiguous primes followed by words related to one or other meaning .

The former is relatively difficult to investigate in the normal research framework of brief laboratory experiments , and the latter has been overshadowed by the large volume of research on rational information processing , using analogies between computers and the mind .
the former is relatively difficult to [check out] in the normal research framework of brief laboratory experiments , and the latter has been overshadowed by the large volume of research on rational information processing , using analogies between computers and the mind .

One aim is to describe the meanings which children express through the use of their earliest words ; a second aim is to investigate the sources of these meanings .
one aim is to describe the meanings which children express through the use of their earliest words ; a second aim is to [check out] the sources of these meanings .

to investigate what knowledge people use and how they use it when they read texts ;
to [check out] what knowledge people use and how they use it when they read texts ;

The aim of this research is to investigate in detail how babies are able to comprehend the gestures of looking and manual pointing in order to gain insight into the mechanisms of communication that precede the acquisition of language .
the aim of this research is to [check out] in detail how babies are able to comprehend the gestures of looking and manual pointing in order to gain insight into the mechanisms of communication that precede the acquisition of language .

To investigate the following : 1 The effect of the attitude of the headteacher on the uptake of microcomputers .
to [check out] the following : 1 the effect of the attitude of the headteacher on the uptake of microcomputers .

Exploratory tools allow learners to investigate views of a given domain which are different from theirs and so to examine consequences and conflicts .
exploratory tools allow learners to [check out] views of a given domain which are different from theirs and so to examine consequences and conflicts .

If ‘ t is known this place is abandoned , someone might investigate .
if ‘ t is known this place is abandoned , someone might [check out] .

Which meant that there was a lot of bed left to investigate before she knew if it was safe even to turn around .
which meant that there was a lot of bed left to [check out] before she knew if it was safe even to turn around .

Thus Bourdieu and Passeron analyse the role of what they call ‘ symbolic violence ’ in maintaining a system of power , and investigate the subtle and complex dependence of the educational system on class relations , in spite of its relative autonomy ; while Offe ( 1976 ) has examined and criticized the ‘ achievement principle ’ as a pervasive ideology which legitimates inequality in a capitalist society .
thus bourdieu and passeron analyse the role of what they call ‘ symbolic violence ’ in maintaining a system of power , and [check out] the subtle and complex dependence of the educational system on class relations , in spite of its relative autonomy ; while offe ( 1976 ) has examined and criticized the ‘ achievement principle ’ as a pervasive ideology which legitimates inequality in a capitalist society .

How true it all was , Charles did n't wish to investigate .
how true it all was , charles did n't wish to [check out] .

Thus , competitive equilibrium models , with all markets clearing , have been used to investigate the incidence of different taxes , whereas a quite separate literature , using aggregate demand/monetary models , has examined the implications of taxes for the level of employment and the rate of inflation .
thus , competitive equilibrium models , with all markets clearing , have been used to [check out] the incidence of different taxes , whereas a quite separate literature , using aggregate demand/monetary models , has examined the implications of taxes for the level of employment and the rate of inflation .

First , we can investigate empirically the consequences of alternative assumptions about incidence , and this has been a feature of the work of Musgrave et al .
first , we can [check out] empirically the consequences of alternative assumptions about incidence , and this has been a feature of the work of musgrave et al .

In vibrational spectroscopy we use electromagnetic radiation to investigate the transitions between molecular vibrational levels .
in vibrational spectroscopy we use electromagnetic radiation to [check out] the transitions between molecular vibrational levels .

We will now investigate how the length of the temporary reputation changes as discount factors tend to unity .
we will now [check out] how the length of the temporary reputation changes as discount factors tend to unity .

This allows us to investigate the properties of the intersections of the map ( 13 ) below with the 45° line .
this allows us to [check out] the properties of the intersections of the map ( 13 ) below with the 45° line .

Athelstan swore that if he got his hands on the fellow , Cranston would have another murder to investigate .
athelstan swore that if he got his hands on the fellow , cranston would have another murder to [check out] .

‘ My Lord of Gaunt , Your Grace , we were given a commission to investigate the true causes and purposes behind Sir Thomas Springall 's death , and in consequence the truth behind other deaths equally unfortunate .
‘ my lord of gaunt , your grace , we were given a commission to [check out] the true causes and purposes behind sir thomas springall 's death , and in consequence the truth behind other deaths equally unfortunate .

‘ Very well , my friend , ’ thought Moore , ‘ let's investigate your hiding place . ’
‘ very well , my friend , ’ thought moore , ‘ let's [check out] your hiding place . ’

Many research projects concentrate on either siliciclastic or carbonate sediments ; few investigate combined carbonate-siliciclastic systems and fewer yet reference volcanogenic sediments , mudrocks or evaporites .
many research projects concentrate on either siliciclastic or carbonate sediments ; few [check out] combined carbonate-siliciclastic systems and fewer yet reference volcanogenic sediments , mudrocks or evaporites .

‘ What do you want them to do ? Medjays are not trained to investigate such things as these , ’ repeated Merymose .
‘ what do you want them to do ? medjays are not trained to [check out] such things as these , ’ repeated merymose .

He did not have time now to investigate his own feelings , but somewhere at the back of his mind was the thought that he was , himself , no idealist .
he did not have time now to [check out] his own feelings , but somewhere at the back of his mind was the thought that he was , himself , no idealist .

The term ‘ maladjusted children ’ entered common usage after the 1944 Education Act , and it was the aim of this committee to investigate the education of such children .
the term ‘ maladjusted children ’ entered common usage after the 1944 education act , and it was the aim of this committee to [check out] the education of such children .

The ‘ Rampton Committee ’ was set up in 1979 , late in the life of the Labour government ( its membership was finalised by the new Conservative government ) to investigate the education of children from all ethnic minority groups .
the ‘ rampton committee ’ was set up in 1979 , late in the life of the labour government ( its membership was finalised by the new conservative government ) to [check out] the education of children from all ethnic minority groups .

She was just about to investigate when a long , shuddering breath from the man at her feet reminded her that it might be as well to remove herself from the scene before the winded assailant recovered enough to take his revenge .
she was just about to [check out] when a long , shuddering breath from the man at her feet reminded her that it might be as well to remove herself from the scene before the winded assailant recovered enough to take his revenge .

This is the official version : Disturbances started in the early hours of the morning when police were called to investigate complaints of youths fighting , and a gun being fired .
this is the official version : disturbances started in the early hours of the morning when police were called to [check out] complaints of youths fighting , and a gun being fired .

investigate how teachers feel about possible action on their part aimed at redressing the ‘ gender balance ’ of fictional texts used as class readers .
[check out] how teachers feel about possible action on their part aimed at redressing the ‘ gender balance ’ of fictional texts used as class readers .

Action outside the school system is necessary also ; though it is outside the brief of this work to investigate the wider social arena in detail .
action outside the school system is necessary also ; though it is outside the brief of this work to [check out] the wider social arena in detail .

If you investigate , you will discover that his detective and valet have also vanished .
if you [check out] , you will discover that his detective and valet have also vanished .

We could investigate , ’ she said hopefully , remembering ‘ Lady Molly of Scotland Yard ’ .
we could [check out] , ’ she said hopefully , remembering ‘ lady molly of scotland yard ’ .

‘ So we said to go on , to investigate .
‘ so we said to go on , to [check out] .

The aim of the investigation was to investigate how land-use changes with distance from the centre of a city and to thus determine which model of urban structure best fits Nottingham .
the aim of the investigation was to [check out] how land-use changes with distance from the centre of a city and to thus determine which model of urban structure best fits nottingham .

to investigate and improve the drainage at the east ( Barnton Ave. ) end ;
to [check out] and improve the drainage at the east ( barnton ave. ) end ;

Other instructions readjusted local power politics in line with the personnel-changes in 828 : on 4 April 829 , missi were instructed to investigate Matfrid 's `` misdeeds `` in the county of Orléans , and to encourage complainants to come forward .
other instructions readjusted local power politics in line with the personnel-changes in 828 : on 4 april 829 , missi were instructed to [check out] matfrid 's `` misdeeds `` in the county of orléans , and to encourage complainants to come forward .

The Parish Council would be grateful if you could investigate this problem and see what action can be taken to prevent any further accidents at this spot .
the parish council would be grateful if you could [check out] this problem and see what action can be taken to prevent any further accidents at this spot .

Please would you investigate and see what can be done about the above .
please would you [check out] and see what can be done about the above .

Please would you investigate this problem and let me know what action you take to resolve it .
please would you [check out] this problem and let me know what action you take to resolve it .

We should continue to investigate how children learn to read and the most effective media , methods , materials and procedures for helping them .
we should continue to [check out] how children learn to read and the most effective media , methods , materials and procedures for helping them .

To investigate with them ways of development education being increasingly central to their agenda , for example with bible colleges , presbyterian links and with main centres .
to [check out] with them ways of development education being increasingly central to their agenda , for example with bible colleges , presbyterian links and with main centres .

At Level One students will work as individuals or in small groups to select and investigate a Contemporary Issue .
at level one students will work as individuals or in small groups to select and [check out] a contemporary issue .

The student may also wish to investigate the range of provision , both statutory and non-statutory , which aim to meet these needs .
the student may also wish to [check out] the range of provision , both statutory and non-statutory , which aim to meet these needs .

They will investigate appropriate facilities for undertaking their programme and keep appropriate records of all activities .
they will [check out] appropriate facilities for undertaking their programme and keep appropriate records of all activities .

As well as evidence of the selection of a strategy , there should be evidence of the justification for selection eg the student explains why graphical techniques were used to investigate the phasing of traffic lights .
as well as evidence of the selection of a strategy , there should be evidence of the justification for selection eg the student explains why graphical techniques were used to [check out] the phasing of traffic lights .

Investigate how many different patterns of dots are possible in a 2 × 2 grid .
[check out] how many different patterns of dots are possible in a 2 × 2 grid .

Investigate how many different patterns of dots are possible in a 3 × 2 grid .
[check out] how many different patterns of dots are possible in a 3 × 2 grid .

It will no doubt investigate what was the substantial cause of the employee 's failure to comply with the statutory time limit ; whether he had been physically prevented from complying with the limitation period , for instance by illness or a postal strike , or something similar .
it will no doubt [check out] what was the substantial cause of the employee 's failure to comply with the statutory time limit ; whether he had been physically prevented from complying with the limitation period , for instance by illness or a postal strike , or something similar .

It may be relevant for the Industrial Tribunal to investigate whether at the time he was dismissed and if not then when thereafter , he knew that he had the right to complain that he had been unfairly dismissed ; in some cases the Tribunal may have to consider whether there has been any misrepresentation about any relevant matter by the employer to the employee .
it may be relevant for the industrial tribunal to [check out] whether at the time he was dismissed and if not then when thereafter , he knew that he had the right to complain that he had been unfairly dismissed ; in some cases the tribunal may have to consider whether there has been any misrepresentation about any relevant matter by the employer to the employee .

One area of driving research which has produced some serendipitous results bearing on drivers ’ memory in normal situations results from attempts to investigate drivers ’ perception of traffic signs ( e.g .
one area of driving research which has produced some serendipitous results bearing on drivers ’ memory in normal situations results from attempts to [check out] drivers ’ perception of traffic signs ( e.g .

Under the guidance of a Head of Section the postholder will enforce all Trading Standards legislation , investigate complaints and provide advice and assistance to trade , industry and consumers as appropriate .
under the guidance of a head of section the postholder will enforce all trading standards legislation , [check out] complaints and provide advice and assistance to trade , industry and consumers as appropriate .

To investigate allegations of offences against trading standards legislation .
to [check out] allegations of offences against trading standards legislation .

‘ The Commission appointed to investigate the disaster came to us after an earlier attempt to prove the cause of the crash had failed , ’ explains senior project manager Steve Jackman .
‘ the commission appointed to [check out] the disaster came to us after an earlier attempt to prove the cause of the crash had failed , ’ explains senior project manager steve jackman .

This is a statement not of something that the research is going to conclude , is going to find out , but a statement of how the inquiry is to be directed , what it is going to investigate , look at , examine , and so on .
this is a statement not of something that the research is going to conclude , is going to find out , but a statement of how the inquiry is to be directed , what it is going to [check out] , look at , examine , and so on .

Laws in science , so it was argued , were of the logical form `` All As are Bs `` , ( for example all swans are white ) yet it is impossible to investigate empirically all As .
laws in science , so it was argued , were of the logical form `` all as are bs `` , ( for example all swans are white ) yet it is impossible to [check out] empirically all as .

The `` social psychological survey `` , for example , used survey designs and questionnaires to investigate the distribution of personality via various kinds of attitude measurement techniques .
the `` social psychological survey `` , for example , used survey designs and questionnaires to [check out] the distribution of personality via various kinds of attitude measurement techniques .

Nor are researchers limited to studying small numbers of people , as is the case with participant observation , but can , in principle , investigate many thousands .
nor are researchers limited to studying small numbers of people , as is the case with participant observation , but can , in principle , [check out] many thousands .

For example , a questionnaire designed to investigate attitudes towards work may provide respondents with a list of statements indicating a point of view to which they have to express a level of agreement or disagreement ( see Figure 5.1 ) .
for example , a questionnaire designed to [check out] attitudes towards work may provide respondents with a list of statements indicating a point of view to which they have to express a level of agreement or disagreement ( see figure 5.1 ) .

The Democrat-controlled House of Representatives judiciary committee called on July 10 for the appointment of a special prosecutor ( independent counsel ) to investigate the possibility that senior members of the Bush administration had contravened the law in providing military assistance to Iraq in the period prior to its invasion of Kuwait in August 1990 , and had then sought to conceal the evidence through a cover-up .
the democrat-controlled house of representatives judiciary committee called on july 10 for the appointment of a special prosecutor ( independent counsel ) to [check out] the possibility that senior members of the bush administration had contravened the law in providing military assistance to iraq in the period prior to its invasion of kuwait in august 1990 , and had then sought to conceal the evidence through a cover-up .

The government met in emergency session on May 22 and agreed to set up a commission of inquiry to investigate the assassination .
the government met in emergency session on may 22 and agreed to set up a commission of inquiry to [check out] the assassination .

In its statement finally agreed early on May 9 the Collective State Presidency ( i ) banned for one month the movement of armed formations and civilians other than army and federal police at " crisis flashpoints " in Croatia , and between mainly Serbian areas and other parts of Croatia ; ( ii ) ordered the immediate demobilization of all police reservists in Croatia and the surrender of their weapons ; and ( iii ) set up a commission including Croatian representatives as well as " legitimate representatives " of Serbs from Croatia to investigate the causes of the crisis including " the right of a nation to self-determination including secession " .
in its statement finally agreed early on may 9 the collective state presidency ( i ) banned for one month the movement of armed formations and civilians other than army and federal police at " crisis flashpoints " in croatia , and between mainly serbian areas and other parts of croatia ; ( ii ) ordered the immediate demobilization of all police reservists in croatia and the surrender of their weapons ; and ( iii ) set up a commission including croatian representatives as well as " legitimate representatives " of serbs from croatia to [check out] the causes of the crisis including " the right of a nation to self-determination including secession " .

Democrats in both houses of Congress responded to Barr 's decision by increasing their criticism of the Bush administration 's alleged obstruction of all efforts to investigate the Iraqgate allegations , and members of the House banking committee did not rule out the possibility that they would make a more specific request to Barr for the appointment of a special prosecutor .
democrats in both houses of congress responded to barr 's decision by increasing their criticism of the bush administration 's alleged obstruction of all efforts to [check out] the iraqgate allegations , and members of the house banking committee did not rule out the possibility that they would make a more specific request to barr for the appointment of a special prosecutor .

Initially Ramos expressed no opposition to the ruling but , on Aug. 17 , he altered his position following pressure from central bank governor Cuisia who had said that individuals would not be let off past breaches ; Justice Secretary Franklin Drilon , who had initially merely commented that the judge had made an erroneous decision , since the new regulations were not even in effect at the time of the ruling , later instructed government lawyers to investigate the possibility of an appeal against the dismissal of charges .
initially ramos expressed no opposition to the ruling but , on aug. 17 , he altered his position following pressure from central bank governor cuisia who had said that individuals would not be let off past breaches ; justice secretary franklin drilon , who had initially merely commented that the judge had made an erroneous decision , since the new regulations were not even in effect at the time of the ruling , later instructed government lawyers to [check out] the possibility of an appeal against the dismissal of charges .

It was alleged that Gaudin had corruptly employed an opposition supporter during the campaign to investigate Tapie 's political and personal life .
it was alleged that gaudin had corruptly employed an opposition supporter during the campaign to [check out] tapie 's political and personal life .

On the request of Defence Minister Patricio Rojas Saavedra , the Supreme Court appointed a special judge to investigate the case .
on the request of defence minister patricio rojas saavedra , the supreme court appointed a special judge to [check out] the case .

The tribunal had been created in September 1989 to investigate the matter [ see pp .
the tribunal had been created in september 1989 to [check out] the matter [ see pp .

All-India radio reported on Aug. 26 that the government had appointed a second commission of inquiry to investigate the May 21 assassination of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi [ see p. 38175 ] .
all-india radio reported on aug. 26 that the government had appointed a second commission of inquiry to [check out] the may 21 assassination of former prime minister rajiv gandhi [ see p. 38175 ] .

Fears that there could be many such cases as yet undetected prompted reports that the Finance Ministry intended to investigate 300 non-banking institutions , such as leasing companies and consumer credit firms , which had issued loans using deposit certificates as collateral .
fears that there could be many such cases as yet undetected prompted reports that the finance ministry intended to [check out] 300 non-banking institutions , such as leasing companies and consumer credit firms , which had issued loans using deposit certificates as collateral .

The decree also declared that the union and republican governments should investigate ways of transforming inefficient collective and state farms into private or co-operative farms , although it ruled out compulsory dissolution .
the decree also declared that the union and republican governments should [check out] ways of transforming inefficient collective and state farms into private or co-operative farms , although it ruled out compulsory dissolution .

As state Premier between 1983 and 1988 , Burke had established a strategy known as Western Australia Incorporated — a partnership between the state government and some of the country 's leading entrepreneurs , which had resulted in the loss of hundreds of millions of dollars of public money and the establishment of a Royal Commission to investigate the affair .
as state premier between 1983 and 1988 , burke had established a strategy known as western australia incorporated — a partnership between the state government and some of the country 's leading entrepreneurs , which had resulted in the loss of hundreds of millions of dollars of public money and the establishment of a royal commission to [check out] the affair .

At the core of the treaty was a detailed procedure for `` challenge inspections `` , under which at 108 hours ' notice international inspectors could investigate sites suspected of being used for making or storing chemical weapons .
at the core of the treaty was a detailed procedure for `` challenge inspections `` , under which at 108 hours ' notice international inspectors could [check out] sites suspected of being used for making or storing chemical weapons .

The government on Sept. 1 announced that a high-powered credit commission would investigate charges of the misappropriation of public funds by a network of Punjab-based credit co-operative societies .
the government on sept. 1 announced that a high-powered credit commission would [check out] charges of the misappropriation of public funds by a network of punjab-based credit co-operative societies .

Mahmoud Abul Abbas , leader of the Palestine Liberation Front , was not re-elected ( he had earlier announced that he would not nominate himself for membership ) , following the recommendation of a special committee set up to investigate his abortive seaborne raid against Israel in May 1990 [ see pp .
mahmoud abul abbas , leader of the palestine liberation front , was not re-elected ( he had earlier announced that he would not nominate himself for membership ) , following the recommendation of a special committee set up to [check out] his abortive seaborne raid against israel in may 1990 [ see pp .

The independent commission established by the government to investigate and audit funds and property of former East German parties and political groups had been hindered in its work by shortage of staff and lack of co-operation from the affected organizations .
the independent commission established by the government to [check out] and audit funds and property of former east german parties and political groups had been hindered in its work by shortage of staff and lack of co-operation from the affected organizations .

On April 13 , in an open letter to the government , 50 Mauritanian intellectuals urged democratic reforms and demanded a commission to investigate the many deaths in custody , which were mainly of black Mauritanians .
on april 13 , in an open letter to the government , 50 mauritanian intellectuals urged democratic reforms and demanded a commission to [check out] the many deaths in custody , which were mainly of black mauritanians .

Although Gates announced a 10-point plan to restore public confidence in the force , and established a citizens ' panel to investigate the King case , he rejected all demands for his resignation or retirement .
although gates announced a 10-point plan to restore public confidence in the force , and established a citizens ' panel to [check out] the king case , he rejected all demands for his resignation or retirement .

They wish to share in solving important problems relating to environmental protection , investigate damaging effects on the environment and develop measures to prevent them .
they wish to share in solving important problems relating to environmental protection , [check out] damaging effects on the environment and develop measures to prevent them .

The Diet agreed on Aug. 1 to establish a special committee later in the month to investigate the scandal .
the diet agreed on aug. 1 to establish a special committee later in the month to [check out] the scandal .

The decree stated , however , that martial law courts would continue to investigate cases which they were already handling and that the Economic Security Committee would continue investigating mismanagement and corruption by former officials .
the decree stated , however , that martial law courts would continue to [check out] cases which they were already handling and that the economic security committee would continue investigating mismanagement and corruption by former officials .

The Slovak parliament on March 19 agreed to investigate the activities of the Interior Ministry since November 1989 ( i.e. under Meciar , who was Slovak Interior Minister before becoming Prime Minister in June 1990 ) , and the visits abroad by Slovak delegations .
the slovak parliament on march 19 agreed to [check out] the activities of the interior ministry since november 1989 ( i.e. under meciar , who was slovak interior minister before becoming prime minister in june 1990 ) , and the visits abroad by slovak delegations .

The commission , originally set up to investigate the violent suppression of the demonstration on Nov. 17 , 1989 , which triggered the revolution [ for its report see p. 37737 ] , had examined files on elected deputies in both the federal and the two republican parliaments .
the commission , originally set up to [check out] the violent suppression of the demonstration on nov. 17 , 1989 , which triggered the revolution [ for its report see p. 37737 ] , had examined files on elected deputies in both the federal and the two republican parliaments .

The charges arose from the 1988 Fitzgerald Commission established to investigate accusations of corruption in the Queensland state government during Sir Joh 's period of office , which had eventually forced him to resign [ see pp .
the charges arose from the 1988 fitzgerald commission established to [check out] accusations of corruption in the queensland state government during sir joh 's period of office , which had eventually forced him to resign [ see pp .

The resolution , which was passed by 217 votes to 192 , opened the way for the creation of a congressional task force which would investigate the issue and deliver its preliminary findings to the House on July 1 .
the resolution , which was passed by 217 votes to 192 , opened the way for the creation of a congressional task force which would [check out] the issue and deliver its preliminary findings to the house on july 1 .

In a report on Feb. 14 the New York-based human rights group Helsinki Watch called on Tudjman to investigate and bring to an end serious human rights violations in Croatia , where it claimed that the new government had been executing and torturing detainees and unarmed citizens and destroying property .
in a report on feb. 14 the new york-based human rights group helsinki watch called on tudjman to [check out] and bring to an end serious human rights violations in croatia , where it claimed that the new government had been executing and torturing detainees and unarmed citizens and destroying property .

He noted that the government commission which he had established to investigate the Parys affair had paid more attention to this than the commission later appointed at Walesa 's request [ see p. 38881 ] .
he noted that the government commission which he had established to [check out] the parys affair had paid more attention to this than the commission later appointed at walesa 's request [ see p. 38881 ] .

Radio Bangladesh reported on Dec. 17 that a three-member committee had been formed to investigate allegations of the abuse of power and of corruption by Ershad , his Cabinet and other associates .
radio bangladesh reported on dec. 17 that a three-member committee had been formed to [check out] allegations of the abuse of power and of corruption by ershad , his cabinet and other associates .

The United States Department of State announced on Dec. 21 that military aid to Guatemala was being suspended immediately because of the government 's failure to " criticize or exhaustively investigate " those responsible for human rights abuses .
the united states department of state announced on dec. 21 that military aid to guatemala was being suspended immediately because of the government 's failure to " criticize or exhaustively [check out] " those responsible for human rights abuses .

President Suharto on Nov. 19 set up a seven-person commission to investigate the Dili incident , headed by Chief Justice Jaelani , a retired army general , and comprising officials from the Home Affairs , Foreign and Justice Ministries , and representatives from the Supreme Court , armed forces and parliament .
president suharto on nov. 19 set up a seven-person commission to [check out] the dili incident , headed by chief justice jaelani , a retired army general , and comprising officials from the home affairs , foreign and justice ministries , and representatives from the supreme court , armed forces and parliament .

The Federal government had decided on Sept. 26 to investigate the source of money being used in small-scale privatization .
the federal government had decided on sept. 26 to [check out] the source of money being used in small-scale privatization .

The two cases had prompted the establishment of an all-party commission to investigate the financing of political parties .
the two cases had prompted the establishment of an all-party commission to [check out] the financing of political parties .

On Nov. 18 Libya announced that it had set up a judicial inquiry to investigate the allegations .
on nov. 18 libya announced that it had set up a judicial inquiry to [check out] the allegations .

King Birendra appoints Lokendra Bahadur Chand as the new Prime Minister and sets up a commission to investigate allegations of police violence ; later the same day the police shoot dead as many as 150 demonstrators outside the Royal Palace in Kathmandu .
king birendra appoints lokendra bahadur chand as the new prime minister and sets up a commission to [check out] allegations of police violence ; later the same day the police shoot dead as many as 150 demonstrators outside the royal palace in kathmandu .

Prime Minister Datuk Seri Mahathir Mohamed said on Nov. 5 that the government would investigate the opposition leader Tengku Razaleigh Hamzah for corruption .
prime minister datuk seri mahathir mohamed said on nov. 5 that the government would [check out] the opposition leader tengku razaleigh hamzah for corruption .

Members of a Commonwealth observer group had been quoted on Dec. 14 as calling on the government to investigate allegations that 45 opposition candidates had been prevented by force from lodging their nominations .
members of a commonwealth observer group had been quoted on dec. 14 as calling on the government to [check out] allegations that 45 opposition candidates had been prevented by force from lodging their nominations .

In a development connected to the election campaign it was revealed on Dec. 18 that the Justice Department had secretly appointed a special prosecutor to investigate whether senior White House officials had been involved in a search of Clinton 's passport records .
in a development connected to the election campaign it was revealed on dec. 18 that the justice department had secretly appointed a special prosecutor to [check out] whether senior white house officials had been involved in a search of clinton 's passport records .

On Dec. 17 Interior Minister Rudolf Seiters asked the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution to investigate the democratic credentials of the Republicans , the country 's largest far-right party .
on dec. 17 interior minister rudolf seiters asked the federal office for the protection of the constitution to [check out] the democratic credentials of the republicans , the country 's largest far-right party .

On Dec. 10 the Chamber of Deputies voted to lift the parliamentary immunity of the Socialist Party 's deputy secretary-general and former Foreign Minister Gianni De Michelis to allow Venice magistrates to investigate corruption charges against him .
on dec. 10 the chamber of deputies voted to lift the parliamentary immunity of the socialist party 's deputy secretary-general and former foreign minister gianni de michelis to allow venice magistrates to [check out] corruption charges against him .

The success of Hagino in exploiting the scandals issue provided further impetus for the opposition 's campaign to investigate the extent of the government 's involvement in ( i ) the Kyowa bribery scandal , which had already resulted in Fumio Abe , a close aid and ally of Miyazawa , being charged with accepting bribes from a steel frame manufacturer ; ( ii ) the Sagawa Kyubin scandal , in which it was alleged that up to 200 Diet members had accepted bribes from a transport firm with criminal connections ; and ( iii ) the Recruit affair , which had forced Miyazawa 's resignation as Finance Minister in 1988 [ For details of recent scandal developments see pp. 38720-21 ] .
the success of hagino in exploiting the scandals issue provided further impetus for the opposition 's campaign to [check out] the extent of the government 's involvement in ( i ) the kyowa bribery scandal , which had already resulted in fumio abe , a close aid and ally of miyazawa , being charged with accepting bribes from a steel frame manufacturer ; ( ii ) the sagawa kyubin scandal , in which it was alleged that up to 200 diet members had accepted bribes from a transport firm with criminal connections ; and ( iii ) the recruit affair , which had forced miyazawa 's resignation as finance minister in 1988 [ for details of recent scandal developments see pp. 38720-21 ] .

Commenting on the prosecution 's agreement to let Drogoul change his plea to innocent , Shoob stated that decisions had been made `` at the top levels of the United States Justice Department , Agriculture Department and within the intelligence community to shape this case , and that information may have been withheld from local prosecutors seeking to investigate the case `` .
commenting on the prosecution 's agreement to let drogoul change his plea to innocent , shoob stated that decisions had been made `` at the top levels of the united states justice department , agriculture department and within the intelligence community to shape this case , and that information may have been withheld from local prosecutors seeking to [check out] the case `` .

He called for Drogoul 's trial to be postponed to allow a special prosecutor ( independent counsel ) to be appointed to investigate the affair .
he called for drogoul 's trial to be postponed to allow a special prosecutor ( independent counsel ) to be appointed to [check out] the affair .

Earlier , he had complained that he lacked the resources to investigate all the allegations of corruption against government officials .
earlier , he had complained that he lacked the resources to [check out] all the allegations of corruption against government officials .

At an emergency Arab League meeting in Cairo on March 22 [ see p. 38839 ] a seven-member committee had been formed to investigate possible solutions to the dispute .
at an emergency arab league meeting in cairo on march 22 [ see p. 38839 ] a seven-member committee had been formed to [check out] possible solutions to the dispute .

The ban complied with a request by the head of a judicial commission set up to investigate instances of corruption and abuse perpetrated by the 29-year Duvalier family dictatorship and by successor governments .
the ban complied with a request by the head of a judicial commission set up to [check out] instances of corruption and abuse perpetrated by the 29-year duvalier family dictatorship and by successor governments .

Gen. Tienchai resigned as leader of the Rassadorn Party on Feb. 28 , saying that he was deeply hurt by the junta 's decision to investigate his financial background .
gen. tienchai resigned as leader of the rassadorn party on feb. 28 , saying that he was deeply hurt by the junta 's decision to [check out] his financial background .

In November the human rights organization Amnesty International called on Kenya to investigate its human rights record , claiming that hundreds of government opponents had been arrested and some tortured ; several aid donors , including the United States and Denmark , withheld or froze aid disbursements , expressing concern about the government 's treatment of its opponents .
in november the human rights organization amnesty international called on kenya to [check out] its human rights record , claiming that hundreds of government opponents had been arrested and some tortured ; several aid donors , including the united states and denmark , withheld or froze aid disbursements , expressing concern about the government 's treatment of its opponents .

Young children 's natural curiosity and need to investigate the things around them , will lend itself to historical work investigating historical artefacts and simple historical evidence , and using oral history , asking questions of older members of the community .
young children 's natural curiosity and need to [check out] the things around them , will lend itself to historical work investigating historical artefacts and simple historical evidence , and using oral history , asking questions of older members of the community .

Pupils should have opportunities to handle and investigate objects for themselves at close quarters .
pupils should have opportunities to handle and [check out] objects for themselves at close quarters .

They could compare the weight of the irons and investigate what they were made of , or look at the energy source they needed and the implications of this — the electric iron is not much use without an electricity supply !
they could compare the weight of the irons and [check out] what they were made of , or look at the energy source they needed and the implications of this — the electric iron is not much use without an electricity supply !

Through oral history ( questioning older people ) , and by using other resources such as old photographs , or artefacts , pupils can begin to investigate life as far back as 50 to 80 years ago .
through oral history ( questioning older people ) , and by using other resources such as old photographs , or artefacts , pupils can begin to [check out] life as far back as 50 to 80 years ago .

( 3 ) Visit to a graveyard , parish church , memorial or to the local museum to investigate and record inscriptions on stone .
( 3 ) visit to a graveyard , parish church , memorial or to the local museum to [check out] and record inscriptions on stone .

They look at examples of illuminated manuscripts , and investigate how they can be used as evidence for life in the Middle Ages .
they look at examples of illuminated manuscripts , and [check out] how they can be used as evidence for life in the middle ages .

Pupils could investigate change by examining a series of articles of different dates , and discussing why changes occurred .
pupils could [check out] change by examining a series of articles of different dates , and discussing why changes occurred .

After examining an iron age metal object , pupils could investigate and discuss the great social and economic changes that the discovery of metal must have entailed .
after examining an iron age metal object , pupils could [check out] and discuss the great social and economic changes that the discovery of metal must have entailed .

Pupils should be helped to investigate topics on their own .
pupils should be helped to [check out] topics on their own .

Indeed , one approach can be to investigate whether they offer a `` sanitised `` or nostalgic view of the past .
indeed , one approach can be to [check out] whether they offer a `` sanitised `` or nostalgic view of the past .

Pupils may be invited to play at being a detective to resolve some mystery , or they might investigate the contents of a seaman 's chest , a collection of craftsman 's tools , or a doctor 's bag , or a lady 's valise , for example to help pupils to build up a picture of the people who used them .
pupils may be invited to play at being a detective to resolve some mystery , or they might [check out] the contents of a seaman 's chest , a collection of craftsman 's tools , or a doctor 's bag , or a lady 's valise , for example to help pupils to build up a picture of the people who used them .

On a large site pupils will not be able to cover everything in the time available , so pupils can be divided into groups and instructed to investigate different topics or features .
on a large site pupils will not be able to cover everything in the time available , so pupils can be divided into groups and instructed to [check out] different topics or features .

Increasingly pupils who have prepared in advance for the visit may arrive armed with their own list of questions and topics that they wish to investigate .
increasingly pupils who have prepared in advance for the visit may arrive armed with their own list of questions and topics that they wish to [check out] .

For instance , before a visit to a castle , pupils could draw up a list of features often found in castles and investigate how many of the features their chosen castle possessed . Has it got : a moat ; a gatehouse ; outer walls ; concentric defences ; projecting towers ; a drawbridge ; portcullis ; draw bars at the gate ; a keep ; towers ; murder holes ?
for instance , before a visit to a castle , pupils could draw up a list of features often found in castles and [check out] how many of the features their chosen castle possessed . has it got : a moat ; a gatehouse ; outer walls ; concentric defences ; projecting towers ; a drawbridge ; portcullis ; draw bars at the gate ; a keep ; towers ; murder holes ?

Your readers will also expect the paper to investigate the causes of the epidemic
your readers will also expect the paper to [check out] the causes of the epidemic

By inputting alternative values , pupils can investigate other possible outcomes .
by inputting alternative values , pupils can [check out] other possible outcomes .

Follow-up interviews were conducted near the end of the Semester to investigate how ‘ reality ’ matched their expectations .
follow-up interviews were conducted near the end of the semester to [check out] how ‘ reality ’ matched their expectations .

* Start your essay with a statement of the problem you wish to investigate ( see p. 61 ) .
* start your essay with a statement of the problem you wish to [check out] ( see p. 61 ) .

( a ) Have you discovered any methods which can now be used to investigate another text or author ?
( a ) have you discovered any methods which can now be used to [check out] another text or author ?

The system protects guests and deters thieves by enabling the management to obtain the information they need to investigate illegal entries into guest rooms .
the system protects guests and deters thieves by enabling the management to obtain the information they need to [check out] illegal entries into guest rooms .

This analysis may be used to investigate trade in both goods and services .
this analysis may be used to [check out] trade in both goods and services .

In order to address this question one must first endeavour to investigate the type of meaning expressed by to and the type of meaning expressed by the modals and then try to see why they can not be put into relation with one another .
in order to address this question one must first endeavour to [check out] the type of meaning expressed by to and the type of meaning expressed by the modals and then try to see why they can not be put into relation with one another .

Further research will be required to investigate the factors associated with the differential levels of degree performance between categories of non-traditional entrants , and between these students and traditionally qualified entrants .
further research will be required to [check out] the factors associated with the differential levels of degree performance between categories of non-traditional entrants , and between these students and traditionally qualified entrants .

f Further research — While certain clear patterns have begun to emerge regarding the performance of students with non-traditional qualifications in higher education , there is a need for further research to investigate these issues , particularly in the Scottish context . Among the issues requiring further investigation are :
f further research — while certain clear patterns have begun to emerge regarding the performance of students with non-traditional qualifications in higher education , there is a need for further research to [check out] these issues , particularly in the scottish context . among the issues requiring further investigation are :

Thus , from a letter of 1867 : `` most philologists lack that elevating total view of antiquity , because they stand too close to the picture and investigate a patch of paint , instead of gazing at the big , bold brushstrokes of the whole painting and — what 's more — enjoying them … `` ; and `` … our whole mode of working is quite horrible .
thus , from a letter of 1867 : `` most philologists lack that elevating total view of antiquity , because they stand too close to the picture and [check out] a patch of paint , instead of gazing at the big , bold brushstrokes of the whole painting and — what 's more — enjoying them … `` ; and `` … our whole mode of working is quite horrible .

The governors of the Mines Royal decided to send up one Captain Thomas Whitmore to investigate , and if possible , educe some means of reviving them … but there is no evidence of any real improvement .
the governors of the mines royal decided to send up one captain thomas whitmore to [check out] , and if possible , educe some means of reviving them … but there is no evidence of any real improvement .

Scores of curious seals , disturbed in their play at the foot of the cliffs , swum out to investigate .
scores of curious seals , disturbed in their play at the foot of the cliffs , swum out to [check out] .

Perfusion techniques have been used to investigate secretion and absorption in the human gut in vivo .
perfusion techniques have been used to [check out] secretion and absorption in the human gut in vivo .

The technique that most closely approaches these ideals , is that used by Isenberg 's group to investigate duodenal secretion of mucosal bicarbonate .
the technique that most closely approaches these ideals , is that used by isenberg 's group to [check out] duodenal secretion of mucosal bicarbonate .

Studies were performed in patients with and without renal failure to investigate the role of bacterial ammonia production in the pathogenesis of the mucosal abnormalities caused by Helicobacter pylori .
studies were performed in patients with and without renal failure to [check out] the role of bacterial ammonia production in the pathogenesis of the mucosal abnormalities caused by helicobacter pylori .

The aim of this study was to investigate the mortality from Crohn 's disease among 610 patients on a community based register in Leicestershire .
the aim of this study was to [check out] the mortality from crohn 's disease among 610 patients on a community based register in leicestershire .

The aim of the present study therefore was to investigate the frequency with which p53 is overexpressed in large bowel adenomas ; to define which , if any , of these adenomas also contain a mutant K-rase gene ; and to relate these findings to the presence of malignant change .
the aim of the present study therefore was to [check out] the frequency with which p53 is overexpressed in large bowel adenomas ; to define which , if any , of these adenomas also contain a mutant k-rase gene ; and to relate these findings to the presence of malignant change .

To investigate this possibility , a new , non-invasive test of gastric acid secretion was developed ideal for ield use in the third world , where chronic diarrhoea and undernutrition are common .
to [check out] this possibility , a new , non-invasive test of gastric acid secretion was developed ideal for ield use in the third world , where chronic diarrhoea and undernutrition are common .

Our aim was to investigate food intolerances in Crohn 's disease after treatment with elemental diet and its importance in the duration remission induced by diet in an attempt to determine how valuable such therapeutic dietary manipulation is .
our aim was to [check out] food intolerances in crohn 's disease after treatment with elemental diet and its importance in the duration remission induced by diet in an attempt to determine how valuable such therapeutic dietary manipulation is .

The need to investigate the colon in outpatients referred with iron deficiency anaemia has not previously been assessed .
the need to [check out] the colon in outpatients referred with iron deficiency anaemia has not previously been assessed .

To investigate the effects of supplemental oxygen on cardiac rhythm during gastroscopy , 103 patients aged over 60 were randomised to receive either supplemental oxygen or air at 2 litres/minute during the procedure .
to [check out] the effects of supplemental oxygen on cardiac rhythm during gastroscopy , 103 patients aged over 60 were randomised to receive either supplemental oxygen or air at 2 litres/minute during the procedure .

The following case reports show the tendency to doubt the diagnosis and over investigate such patients .
the following case reports show the tendency to doubt the diagnosis and over [check out] such patients .

So far , no prospective study has been performed to investigate the natural history of gastric metaplasia .
so far , no prospective study has been performed to [check out] the natural history of gastric metaplasia .

Forty three with reflux oesophagitis were studied to investigate the effect of healing on oesophageal function .
forty three with reflux oesophagitis were studied to [check out] the effect of healing on oesophageal function .

To investigate one of the mechanisms by which the tissue type plasminogen activator activity in regional blood increased , the platelet activating factor content of the gastric mucosa were measured before , five , and 30 minutes after the administration of endothelin-1 ( 500 pmol/kg ) .
to [check out] one of the mechanisms by which the tissue type plasminogen activator activity in regional blood increased , the platelet activating factor content of the gastric mucosa were measured before , five , and 30 minutes after the administration of endothelin-1 ( 500 pmol/kg ) .

The purpose of this study is to investigate the ability of adsorbents , administered enterally , to reduce systemic endotoxaemia in a hapten induced model of colitis .
the purpose of this study is to [check out] the ability of adsorbents , administered enterally , to reduce systemic endotoxaemia in a hapten induced model of colitis .

Longer treatment and study periods would be necessary to investigate the influence of adsorbents on the severity and resolution of the colitis .
longer treatment and study periods would be necessary to [check out] the influence of adsorbents on the severity and resolution of the colitis .

In order to investigate the effect of different phospholipids on cholesterol solubility and the nucleation time we chose three synthetic phospholipids with an identical fatty acid composition but different head groups ( see methods ) .
in order to [check out] the effect of different phospholipids on cholesterol solubility and the nucleation time we chose three synthetic phospholipids with an identical fatty acid composition but different head groups ( see methods ) .

To investigate the possibility of bias arising within the serum lipid values as a result of the preoperative bowel preparation and fasting , a further group of 38 patients ( 13 men , 25 women ) with normal colonoscopy findings served as controls .
to [check out] the possibility of bias arising within the serum lipid values as a result of the preoperative bowel preparation and fasting , a further group of 38 patients ( 13 men , 25 women ) with normal colonoscopy findings served as controls .

The aim of this study was to investigate whether these nociceptive neurones strengthen mucosal defence against injury or promote rapid repair of the damaged mucosa , or both .
the aim of this study was to [check out] whether these nociceptive neurones strengthen mucosal defence against injury or promote rapid repair of the damaged mucosa , or both .

This study was undertaken to investigate the influence of hyperglucaemia on gall bladder motility .
this study was undertaken to [check out] the influence of hyperglucaemia on gall bladder motility .

The aim of this study is to investigate whether a subclinical impairment of the autonomic nervous system is present in patients with slow transit idiopathic constipation , and whether it has a possible role in the pathogenesis of this motility disorder .
the aim of this study is to [check out] whether a subclinical impairment of the autonomic nervous system is present in patients with slow transit idiopathic constipation , and whether it has a possible role in the pathogenesis of this motility disorder .

In recent years , the SeHCAT test has been widely used to investigate bile acid malabsorption .
in recent years , the sehcat test has been widely used to [check out] bile acid malabsorption .

invites the Bar Council to investigate as a matter of urgency whether there is a need for the strengthening of the statutory remedies and sanctions in relation to racial discrimination and for the widening of the scope of the legislation .
invites the bar council to [check out] as a matter of urgency whether there is a need for the strengthening of the statutory remedies and sanctions in relation to racial discrimination and for the widening of the scope of the legislation .

To investigate thoroughly the work of all departments within the school in order to encourage optimum performance .
to [check out] thoroughly the work of all departments within the school in order to encourage optimum performance .

To investigate ways ln which certain improvements can be made for storage space and blackout .
to [check out] ways ln which certain improvements can be made for storage space and blackout .

To investigate the movement of the department into adjoining areas .
to [check out] the movement of the department into adjoining areas .

To investigate ways in which certain improvements can be made for storage space and blackout .
to [check out] ways in which certain improvements can be made for storage space and blackout .

To investigate the movement of the department into adjoining areas .
to [check out] the movement of the department into adjoining areas .

The second part of the questionnaire consisted entirely of a Likert-type scale designed to investigate attitudes towards school self-evaluation as a general topic .
the second part of the questionnaire consisted entirely of a likert-type scale designed to [check out] attitudes towards school self-evaluation as a general topic .

Nonetheless , the National Radiological Protection Board recommends that when radiation levels approach its ‘ generalised derived limits ’ , the authorities should investigate both the sources of radiation and the way of life of people in the locality to check that they are not being exposed to excessive amounts .
nonetheless , the national radiological protection board recommends that when radiation levels approach its ‘ generalised derived limits ’ , the authorities should [check out] both the sources of radiation and the way of life of people in the locality to check that they are not being exposed to excessive amounts .

Constables Stephen Mardon , from Scalloway , and Alex Forbes , from Lerwick , flew from the main island to investigate , hitching a lift aboard an eight-seater plane on charter to British Telecom .
constables stephen mardon , from scalloway , and alex forbes , from lerwick , flew from the main island to [check out] , hitching a lift aboard an eight-seater plane on charter to british telecom .

’ The Committee of Inquiry into Human Fertilisation and Embryology was set up in July 1982 under the chairmanship of Dame Mary Warnock to investigate in vitro fertilisation and human genetic research .
’ the committee of inquiry into human fertilisation and embryology was set up in july 1982 under the chairmanship of dame mary warnock to [check out] in vitro fertilisation and human genetic research .

Horst and Jurgen would stand to one side of the diggers and , as each turf was cut and while it was being stacked , they would investigate the hollow from which it had been removed .
horst and jurgen would stand to one side of the diggers and , as each turf was cut and while it was being stacked , they would [check out] the hollow from which it had been removed .

President Grover Cleveland sought to make political capital by ‘ twisting the lion 's tail ’ and gave an ultimatum to the British Government : an American commission appointed by Cleveland would investigate the dispute and decide the matter .
president grover cleveland sought to make political capital by ‘ twisting the lion 's tail ’ and gave an ultimatum to the british government : an american commission appointed by cleveland would [check out] the dispute and decide the matter .

‘ But you would n't investigate anyone else , because you would definitely consider him guilty . ’
‘ but you would n't [check out] anyone else , because you would definitely consider him guilty . ’

If you 're faced with a slippery floor problem , it is inexpensive these days to get exhibition contractors to supply some cheap carpeting and you may want to investigate this option .
if you 're faced with a slippery floor problem , it is inexpensive these days to get exhibition contractors to supply some cheap carpeting and you may want to [check out] this option .

Some new exercise clothes might be a good idea if you can afford it , and you might like to investigate local exercise groups or sports clubs .
some new exercise clothes might be a good idea if you can afford it , and you might like to [check out] local exercise groups or sports clubs .

Instead you should investigate the reasons why progress has faltered by taking an analytical look through your diary .
instead you should [check out] the reasons why progress has faltered by taking an analytical look through your diary .

Later in the evening , Tammuz and his computer decided to investigate an old network tape he 'd uncovered in Roirbak 's huge stockpile of such material .
later in the evening , tammuz and his computer decided to [check out] an old network tape he 'd uncovered in roirbak 's huge stockpile of such material .

The Market Research Society has set up a panel of four experts , including two academics , to investigate .
the market research society has set up a panel of four experts , including two academics , to [check out] .

He was given authority only to investigate the issue .
he was given authority only to [check out] the issue .

He had by then begun to investigate the failure of the human system to produce an antibody against the effects of histamine , associated with such allergic reactions as hay fever and asthma .
he had by then begun to [check out] the failure of the human system to produce an antibody against the effects of histamine , associated with such allergic reactions as hay fever and asthma .

But for different reasons there is reason for Britain to investigate her limitations .
but for different reasons there is reason for britain to [check out] her limitations .

As the Allies , led by a wheezing and cynical Eddie Constantine , investigate to ‘ test the guilt of the country ’ , the country grows defensive .
as the allies , led by a wheezing and cynical eddie constantine , [check out] to ‘ test the guilt of the country ’ , the country grows defensive .

Legal tenancy in common gave rise to great difficulties in the tracing of titles to land , because it was necessary to investigate separately the title of each tenant .
legal tenancy in common gave rise to great difficulties in the tracing of titles to land , because it was necessary to [check out] separately the title of each tenant .

Upon a sale of land the purchaser is normally entitled to have produced to him and to investigate the deeds recording previous transactions in the land going back for fifteen years ( Law of Property Act 1969 : formerly the period was thirty years ) ; and though this period is sometimes reduced by agreement , the shortening of the period throws a risk on the purchaser , who is not only bound by all legal interests in the land which actually exist whether he discovers them or not , but also by all equitable interests which he would have discovered if he had insisted on an investigation for the longer period .
upon a sale of land the purchaser is normally entitled to have produced to him and to [check out] the deeds recording previous transactions in the land going back for fifteen years ( law of property act 1969 : formerly the period was thirty years ) ; and though this period is sometimes reduced by agreement , the shortening of the period throws a risk on the purchaser , who is not only bound by all legal interests in the land which actually exist whether he discovers them or not , but also by all equitable interests which he would have discovered if he had insisted on an investigation for the longer period .

It is the same heat in the sun that melts wax and hardens clay , and it is possible , perhaps by the use of indicative signs , to investigate the underlying causes of dissimilar effects .
it is the same heat in the sun that melts wax and hardens clay , and it is possible , perhaps by the use of indicative signs , to [check out] the underlying causes of dissimilar effects .

Like Bacon and Hobbes , whose forthright reactions are that what is really needed is simply the adoption of a correct method , Locke does not immediately follow this traditional course ; but he advances the more circumspect suggestion that we should first stand back and investigate our capacity for knowledge .
like bacon and hobbes , whose forthright reactions are that what is really needed is simply the adoption of a correct method , locke does not immediately follow this traditional course ; but he advances the more circumspect suggestion that we should first stand back and [check out] our capacity for knowledge .

Has the time not come to investigate the factors which led to the move west from the 13 colonies in North America , to consider how these might be created to apply to a move east from the Urals to provide a similar development in potentially the greatest storehouse of raw materials and energy ?
has the time not come to [check out] the factors which led to the move west from the 13 colonies in north america , to consider how these might be created to apply to a move east from the urals to provide a similar development in potentially the greatest storehouse of raw materials and energy ?

The home secretary announced plans to set up a special police unit to investigate suspects .
the home secretary announced plans to set up a special police unit to [check out] suspects .

Franco Piro , president of the finance commission in the lower house of Italy 's legislature , plans to investigate the banks ' role in the Federconsorzi fiasco .
franco piro , president of the finance commission in the lower house of italy 's legislature , plans to [check out] the banks ' role in the federconsorzi fiasco .

Meanwhile Labour 's water spokeswoman , Ms Ann Taylor , yesterday asked the House of Commons Public Accounts Committee to investigate ‘ the loss suffered by taxpayers as a result of the privatisation of water . ’
meanwhile labour 's water spokeswoman , ms ann taylor , yesterday asked the house of commons public accounts committee to [check out] ‘ the loss suffered by taxpayers as a result of the privatisation of water . ’

Dumenil fund managers have called in accountants Touche Ross to investigate the pricing problems and say they are ‘ optimistic ’ that they will be resolved within this time frame but are giving ‘ no guarantees ’ .
dumenil fund managers have called in accountants touche ross to [check out] the pricing problems and say they are ‘ optimistic ’ that they will be resolved within this time frame but are giving ‘ no guarantees ’ .

Investigate whether your insurance will be partially suspended — that is leaving you with cover for fire and theft — entirely suspended or completely cancelled .
[check out] whether your insurance will be partially suspended — that is leaving you with cover for fire and theft — entirely suspended or completely cancelled .

East Germany 's prosecutor general has suggested that a parliamentary committee should investigate charges of corruption and power abuse by state and party officials .
east germany 's prosecutor general has suggested that a parliamentary committee should [check out] charges of corruption and power abuse by state and party officials .

The government-backed Netherlands Organisation for Applied Scientific Research is to investigate the issue after it carried out a review of 50 recent reports on the longevity of CDs .
the government-backed netherlands organisation for applied scientific research is to [check out] the issue after it carried out a review of 50 recent reports on the longevity of cds .

The grandfather — John Edgar Burton , a wartime intelligence officer — told how he was ordered to investigate an incident at ‘ a Suffolk beach ’ in 1940 .
the grandfather — john edgar burton , a wartime intelligence officer — told how he was ordered to [check out] an incident at ‘ a suffolk beach ’ in 1940 .

For serious drinkers there is the production of cognac to investigate around Cognac , plus the chance to sample pineau , the powerful local aperitif made from young wine laced with cognac .
for serious drinkers there is the production of cognac to [check out] around cognac , plus the chance to sample pineau , the powerful local aperitif made from young wine laced with cognac .

No longer was it to look for signs of forest decline , it was to investigate a link between pollution and forest decline .
no longer was it to look for signs of forest decline , it was to [check out] a link between pollution and forest decline .

The survey was not detailed , comprehensive or controlled enough to investigate a geographical link to air pollution even if the right pollution data were available .
the survey was not detailed , comprehensive or controlled enough to [check out] a geographical link to air pollution even if the right pollution data were available .

For the first time in all his journeys he found a room that was completely empty , but he had n't the time to investigate it , or any of the others he entered .
for the first time in all his journeys he found a room that was completely empty , but he had n't the time to [check out] it , or any of the others he entered .

We will investigate ways of speeding up , within the Department of Transport , the procedures for building new roads .
we will [check out] ways of speeding up , within the department of transport , the procedures for building new roads .

investigate who attends meetings and why ; eliminate passengers
[check out] who attends meetings and why ; eliminate passengers

But when Neill rows to investigate , he is astonished to see his yacht , complete with his wife and dog , sail off in the opposite direction with the unhinged Zane at the wheel .
but when neill rows to [check out] , he is astonished to see his yacht , complete with his wife and dog , sail off in the opposite direction with the unhinged zane at the wheel .

After delivering his message of support to the organic movement at Cirencester , he held a seminar at Kensington Palace to air the issues , and he and John Higgs subsequently went down to Elm Farm to investigate the possibilities of employing organic methods on the home farm .
after delivering his message of support to the organic movement at cirencester , he held a seminar at kensington palace to air the issues , and he and john higgs subsequently went down to elm farm to [check out] the possibilities of employing organic methods on the home farm .

If you summon up the courage to investigate , you might find not alien creatures but a friendly hedgehog or two , emerging from hibernation and foraging for food among the shrubs in your borders .
if you summon up the courage to [check out] , you might find not alien creatures but a friendly hedgehog or two , emerging from hibernation and foraging for food among the shrubs in your borders .

Experiments have been performed to investigate , at different times of the day and night , how easy it is to fall asleep , how likely it is to wake up spontaneously , and how long volunteers can stay asleep .
experiments have been performed to [check out] , at different times of the day and night , how easy it is to fall asleep , how likely it is to wake up spontaneously , and how long volunteers can stay asleep .

1 . You are not quite sure exactly how the spies would communicate with each other — that is , are you to investigate letters , phone calls , radio transmissions , or informal notes ?
1 . you are not quite sure exactly how the spies would communicate with each other — that is , are you to [check out] letters , phone calls , radio transmissions , or informal notes ?

The next step , he thought as he walked home , would be to investigate the missing persons list in the holiday towns and London too , if those proved fruitless .
the next step , he thought as he walked home , would be to [check out] the missing persons list in the holiday towns and london too , if those proved fruitless .

The programme aims to stimulate the children to find out the truth about Jesus through the eyes of His enemies , the Pharisees and the ‘ secret agents ’ that were often sent out to investigate and police His teaching and activities .
the programme aims to stimulate the children to find out the truth about jesus through the eyes of his enemies , the pharisees and the ‘ secret agents ’ that were often sent out to [check out] and police his teaching and activities .

The constable did investigate the incident and proudly told colleagues later how his discretion and instinct had proved correct : the man was telling the truth .
the constable did [check out] the incident and proudly told colleagues later how his discretion and instinct had proved correct : the man was telling the truth .

However , if the council has not acted properly it may be possible to get the Local Government Ombudsman to investigate whether there has been maladministration .
however , if the council has not acted properly it may be possible to get the local government ombudsman to [check out] whether there has been maladministration .

The meeting had been called , in advance of the general monthly gathering , to investigate Yorkshire 's dismal record last season and to discuss a suggestion by the captain , Phil Carrick , that players born outside the county be recruited .
the meeting had been called , in advance of the general monthly gathering , to [check out] yorkshire 's dismal record last season and to discuss a suggestion by the captain , phil carrick , that players born outside the county be recruited .

Do n't automatically assume that someone displaying one or more of them is misusing alcohol , but if the problem persists , you should certainly investigate whether alcohol is the cause .
do n't automatically assume that someone displaying one or more of them is misusing alcohol , but if the problem persists , you should certainly [check out] whether alcohol is the cause .

My aim was to investigate the symptoms of decay and perhaps to discover in the ‘ capriciousness and the return to chaos ’ a law which would vouchsafe one an insight into the intimate workings of art .
my aim was to [check out] the symptoms of decay and perhaps to discover in the ‘ capriciousness and the return to chaos ’ a law which would vouchsafe one an insight into the intimate workings of art .

The man at the British customs was much sterner than the magistrate who came from the capital to investigate crimes committed in our village .
the man at the british customs was much sterner than the magistrate who came from the capital to [check out] crimes committed in our village .

Perhaps certain parts played in the past have not succeeded , and it may be possible to investigate why .
perhaps certain parts played in the past have not succeeded , and it may be possible to [check out] why .

Another exciting window on the mind seemed to open up in Chicago in the 1950s when Nathaniel Kleitman and Bill Dement began using the techniques of electroencephalography to investigate sleep .
another exciting window on the mind seemed to open up in chicago in the 1950s when nathaniel kleitman and bill dement began using the techniques of electroencephalography to [check out] sleep .

The vast bulk of the neuropsychological work performed in the United States to investigate cognitive processes uses group studies as in , for example , the investigation of human amnesia ( severe loss of long-term memory function as a result of brain damage ) .
the vast bulk of the neuropsychological work performed in the united states to [check out] cognitive processes uses group studies as in , for example , the investigation of human amnesia ( severe loss of long-term memory function as a result of brain damage ) .

After two years of taking no action in response to reports of grave and widespread violations in Iraq , the Commission on Human Rights has appointed a Special Rapporteur to investigate the human rights situation there ; another special Rapporteur has been appointed to examine violations committed by Iraqi forces in occupied Kuwait .
after two years of taking no action in response to reports of grave and widespread violations in iraq , the commission on human rights has appointed a special rapporteur to [check out] the human rights situation there ; another special rapporteur has been appointed to examine violations committed by iraqi forces in occupied kuwait .

No effort has been made to investigate the tens of thousands of murders and ‘ disappearances ’ that have occurred over the past three years : in February , Sri Lankan human rights activists estimated that 40,000 people had ‘ disappeared ’ since 1987 .
no effort has been made to [check out] the tens of thousands of murders and ‘ disappearances ’ that have occurred over the past three years : in february , sri lankan human rights activists estimated that 40,000 people had ‘ disappeared ’ since 1987 .

Its 12-month brief is to investigate all new reports of ‘ disappearance ’ .
its 12-month brief is to [check out] all new reports of ‘ disappearance ’ .

Because viruses are known to be implicated in the development of certain cancers , it was natural to investigate any possible relationship between herpes infection of the cervix and cervical cancer .
because viruses are known to be implicated in the development of certain cancers , it was natural to [check out] any possible relationship between herpes infection of the cervix and cervical cancer .

To help investigate gill net use and bird deaths elsewhere around the coast , the Society has set up a confidential phone line .
to help [check out] gill net use and bird deaths elsewhere around the coast , the society has set up a confidential phone line .

The inquiry recommended that an independent , trained , impartial person should be employed to invite and investigate allegations of sexual abuse in schools .
the inquiry recommended that an independent , trained , impartial person should be employed to invite and [check out] allegations of sexual abuse in schools .

Our campaign soon led us to investigate the finances of the National Land Fund , which over the previous twenty years had been used to acquire a whole series of country houses for the nation .
our campaign soon led us to [check out] the finances of the national land fund , which over the previous twenty years had been used to acquire a whole series of country houses for the nation .

Permission is needed to demolish such buildings and this provides the opportunity to investigate suitable alternative uses .
permission is needed to demolish such buildings and this provides the opportunity to [check out] suitable alternative uses .

Similarly , Alison Hennegan has described how as a teenager she hunted out lesbian fiction and based her decisions to investigate one text rather than another on clues as vague and ‘ irrational ’ as a publisher 's logo or a particular chapter title .
similarly , alison hennegan has described how as a teenager she hunted out lesbian fiction and based her decisions to [check out] one text rather than another on clues as vague and ‘ irrational ’ as a publisher 's logo or a particular chapter title .

It is unlikely that anyone thought of any of these possibilities when , in 1801 , a society was formed to investigate the nature and cure of cancer .
it is unlikely that anyone thought of any of these possibilities when , in 1801 , a society was formed to [check out] the nature and cure of cancer .

But the war was over , and the pressure to investigate chemical warfare agents disappeared .
but the war was over , and the pressure to [check out] chemical warfare agents disappeared .

investigate purines and pyrimidines , by no means confining their attention to the treatment of cancer .
[check out] purines and pyrimidines , by no means confining their attention to the treatment of cancer .

Other instruments were invented which recorded the actions of the heart and the flow in the vessels , and it became possible to investigate how the whole system was regulated throughout all the different activities of life .
other instruments were invented which recorded the actions of the heart and the flow in the vessels , and it became possible to [check out] how the whole system was regulated throughout all the different activities of life .

Therapeutic trials were undertaken to investigate as many of these factors as was feasible , and necessarily involved many patients and many doctors , nurses , secretaries , and controllers .
therapeutic trials were undertaken to [check out] as many of these factors as was feasible , and necessarily involved many patients and many doctors , nurses , secretaries , and controllers .

Several other groups , including some psychiatrists , began to investigate the drug chlorpromazine about the same time .
several other groups , including some psychiatrists , began to [check out] the drug chlorpromazine about the same time .

Walter says that it is probably a wedding but suggests that we investigate .
walter says that it is probably a wedding but suggests that we [check out] .

Sure enough along came a vehicle with its headlights on , a small open staff car with two Germans in it , who stopped to investigate the gesticulating ‘ Arab ’ .
sure enough along came a vehicle with its headlights on , a small open staff car with two germans in it , who stopped to [check out] the gesticulating ‘ arab ’ .

Other Opposition MPs called for the Ombudsman to investigate the issue and for Mr Robert Jackson , higher education minister and the scheme 's author , to resign .
other opposition mps called for the ombudsman to [check out] the issue and for mr robert jackson , higher education minister and the scheme 's author , to resign .

Under the scheme , which will operate for four years , the Commission will have the sole authority to investigate and — where it deems fit — veto mergers involving transnational companies with a combined turnover of more than £3.5billion a year .
under the scheme , which will operate for four years , the commission will have the sole authority to [check out] and — where it deems fit — veto mergers involving transnational companies with a combined turnover of more than £3.5billion a year .

It was the solicitor 's function to investigate the draft contract and to examine very closely the issues which may be raised by it which were often incomprehensible to the layman .
it was the solicitor 's function to [check out] the draft contract and to examine very closely the issues which may be raised by it which were often incomprehensible to the layman .

Mr Badran , a former intelligence chief , has bowed to public pressure to bring in democratic reforms and investigate people blamed for the country 's economic crisis .
mr badran , a former intelligence chief , has bowed to public pressure to bring in democratic reforms and [check out] people blamed for the country 's economic crisis .

They are imperfect players in an imperfect democracy ; and they are there , from time to time , to write and investigate things that the closed worlds of the British professions would grind their teeth over .
they are imperfect players in an imperfect democracy ; and they are there , from time to time , to write and [check out] things that the closed worlds of the british professions would grind their teeth over .

The Commission for Racial Equality is pressing the Police Complaints Authority to investigate allegations of racial discrimination by members of the now-disbanded West Midlands serious crimes squad .
the commission for racial equality is pressing the police complaints authority to [check out] allegations of racial discrimination by members of the now-disbanded west midlands serious crimes squad .

The MPs also call on the Home Office to investigate the frequency of racial attacks .
the mps also call on the home office to [check out] the frequency of racial attacks .

• Mazda has set up a research and development team to investigate ways of cutting its car 's full consumption by one-fifth by 1995 .
• mazda has set up a research and development team to [check out] ways of cutting its car 's full consumption by one-fifth by 1995 .

Now British Waterways fishing experts are to investigate the deaths at West Drayton on the outskirts of West London .
now british waterways fishing experts are to [check out] the deaths at west drayton on the outskirts of west london .

For soon enough their scholarly owner grew bored with his dragon studies — as well he might since his samples were such Poring dragons — and decided to investigate the secrets of the turbine jet engine instead .
for soon enough their scholarly owner grew bored with his dragon studies — as well he might since his samples were such poring dragons — and decided to [check out] the secrets of the turbine jet engine instead .

Investigate the oak and beech woodlands of one of the most wooded areas of England on a five hour cycle ride along bridleways and minor roads in Nottinghamshire .
[check out] the oak and beech woodlands of one of the most wooded areas of england on a five hour cycle ride along bridleways and minor roads in nottinghamshire .

This chapter uses two techniques to investigate media influence .
this chapter uses two techniques to [check out] media influence .

He said that while he viewed the ‘ inner circle ’ story as nonsense , the allegations could not be ignored and he had asked Mr Stevens to investigate .
he said that while he viewed the ‘ inner circle ’ story as nonsense , the allegations could not be ignored and he had asked mr stevens to [check out] .

On 22nd July , Major Wood came to the Wallowa to investigate the killing , and reported Joseph as saying that ‘ the valley was more sacred to him than ever before , and he would and did claim it now as recompense for the life taken .
on 22nd july , major wood came to the wallowa to [check out] the killing , and reported joseph as saying that ‘ the valley was more sacred to him than ever before , and he would and did claim it now as recompense for the life taken .

It is therefore encouraging to note that the Tourism and Recreation Unit at Edinburgh University will investigate the effects which the aims and objectives of National Parks have on the life and economy of rural communities and the wider benefits of these parks .
it is therefore encouraging to note that the tourism and recreation unit at edinburgh university will [check out] the effects which the aims and objectives of national parks have on the life and economy of rural communities and the wider benefits of these parks .

Up to 100,000 people a year investigate the possibilities of building a home for themselves .
up to 100,000 people a year [check out] the possibilities of building a home for themselves .

The paper describes early stages of a programme of research designed to investigate the effects of different ways of organizing social work teams .
the paper describes early stages of a programme of research designed to [check out] the effects of different ways of organizing social work teams .

To analyse and quantify the process and demands of the investigative service . How did the team investigate and how long did it take ?
to analyse and quantify the process and demands of the investigative service . how did the team [check out] and how long did it take ?

In 86 per cent of referrals ( 43 cases ) there was legitimate reason to investigate even if in 10 out of the 43 cases it was judged that the public concern was inaccurate .
in 86 per cent of referrals ( 43 cases ) there was legitimate reason to [check out] even if in 10 out of the 43 cases it was judged that the public concern was inaccurate .

There is a need to investigate whenever a case is referred alleging abuse .
there is a need to [check out] whenever a case is referred alleging abuse .

Sam being a long time , Bean went to investigate and came back shaking his head .
sam being a long time , bean went to [check out] and came back shaking his head .

Ken Edwards , vice-chancellor of Leicester University , voted against the proposal to investigate the fees option .
ken edwards , vice-chancellor of leicester university , voted against the proposal to [check out] the fees option .

The group will also investigate export markets for both lamb and beef .
the group will also [check out] export markets for both lamb and beef .

Could he now make her his partner so that they could investigate this mystery together ?
could he now make her his partner so that they could [check out] this mystery together ?

The Miners ' Federation of Great Britain , which had passed resolutions in favour of both workers ' control and nationalization , supported state control and in order to avoid industrial conflict the Lloyd George Coalition government set up a royal commission , chaired by Lord Sankey , to investigate the coal industry .
the miners ' federation of great britain , which had passed resolutions in favour of both workers ' control and nationalization , supported state control and in order to avoid industrial conflict the lloyd george coalition government set up a royal commission , chaired by lord sankey , to [check out] the coal industry .

’ She crossed to investigate an open door into the next compartment .
’ she crossed to [check out] an open door into the next compartment .

Go to investigate one thing and you turn up another that you did n't expect , like as not .
go to [check out] one thing and you turn up another that you did n't expect , like as not .

But Jinny simply did not have the energy to investigate the car .
but jinny simply did not have the energy to [check out] the car .

Every so of ten the dog would break away and belt off to splash in the shallows or to investigate something smelly , thrown up by last night 's tide .
every so of ten the dog would break away and belt off to splash in the shallows or to [check out] something smelly , thrown up by last night 's tide .

Identifications need to be made clearly , which requires us to investigate as many features of the object as possible .
identifications need to be made clearly , which requires us to [check out] as many features of the object as possible .

In this project , however , we wished to go further and to investigate whether the pig graves differed from the sheep graves in terms of the age , sex or apparent wealth of the incumbents .
in this project , however , we wished to go further and to [check out] whether the pig graves differed from the sheep graves in terms of the age , sex or apparent wealth of the incumbents .

Photovideo : An Exploration , 12 photographers and video makers from Britain and abroad investigate new electronic technology and ask if this is the end of photography as we know it , or merely the next chapter ? ( until 29 Feb ) .
photovideo : an exploration , 12 photographers and video makers from britain and abroad [check out] new electronic technology and ask if this is the end of photography as we know it , or merely the next chapter ? ( until 29 feb ) .

In Les Gommes ( 1953 ) , Robbe-Grillet adopts a mock-Oedipal detective story format : the detective Wallas , at the end of a period of 24 hours , kills the man whose ‘ murder ’ he had been sent to investigate .
in les gommes ( 1953 ) , robbe-grillet adopts a mock-oedipal detective story format : the detective wallas , at the end of a period of 24 hours , kills the man whose ‘ murder ’ he had been sent to [check out] .

Mr Daszczuk had gone to the car repair garage in Radbourne Avenue , Ealing , at 1am to investigate the continuous noise of barking dogs .
mr daszczuk had gone to the car repair garage in radbourne avenue , ealing , at 1am to [check out] the continuous noise of barking dogs .

The snipers , who fired directly on us despite the presence of an army officer , appeared determined to drive out a team which had come to investigate rumours of a massacre of Muslim women and children by Serbs .
the snipers , who fired directly on us despite the presence of an army officer , appeared determined to drive out a team which had come to [check out] rumours of a massacre of muslim women and children by serbs .

Meanwhile , the Frivolous Crime Squad continues to investigate the company 's accounts .
meanwhile , the frivolous crime squad continues to [check out] the company 's accounts .

The Faculty of Public Health Medicine has published the first report of a working party set up to investigate available indicators of the nation 's health .
the faculty of public health medicine has published the first report of a working party set up to [check out] available indicators of the nation 's health .

Their court appearance brings to 26 the number of men charged by the inquiry team headed by Cambridgeshire deputy Chief Constable John Stevens , who was called to Northern Ireland three months ago to investigate allegations of collusion between security forces and Protestant paramilitaries .
their court appearance brings to 26 the number of men charged by the inquiry team headed by cambridgeshire deputy chief constable john stevens , who was called to northern ireland three months ago to [check out] allegations of collusion between security forces and protestant paramilitaries .

They are imperfect players in an imperfect democracy ; and they are there , from time to time , to write and investigate things that the closed worlds of the British professions would grind their teeth over .
they are imperfect players in an imperfect democracy ; and they are there , from time to time , to write and [check out] things that the closed worlds of the british professions would grind their teeth over .

Also new is the provision for a Conveyancing Ombudsman to investigate complaints against lenders doing conveyancing .
also new is the provision for a conveyancing ombudsman to [check out] complaints against lenders doing conveyancing .

Also new is the provision for a Conveyancing Ombudsman to investigate complaints against lenders doing conveyancing .
also new is the provision for a conveyancing ombudsman to [check out] complaints against lenders doing conveyancing .

The devoted husband did not himself go to Cumnor , but sent his cousin , Sir Thomas Blount , to investigate .
the devoted husband did not himself go to cumnor , but sent his cousin , sir thomas blount , to [check out] .

In Britain 's Countryside Heritage Phil Colebourn and Bob Gibbons investigate the landscape and how the hand of man can be detected , even in some of the wildest areas .
in britain 's countryside heritage phil colebourn and bob gibbons [check out] the landscape and how the hand of man can be detected , even in some of the wildest areas .

‘ Indeed , we do ! So far all we know is what has appeared in the newspapers , that you have , shall we say , brought into life a baby — a human baby just like any one of the infants sleeping in their mothers ' arms all over the world — in a way that is to say the least unusual . That you propose to keep this baby in your laboratories and investigate him — ’
‘ indeed , we do ! so far all we know is what has appeared in the newspapers , that you have , shall we say , brought into life a baby — a human baby just like any one of the infants sleeping in their mothers ' arms all over the world — in a way that is to say the least unusual . that you propose to keep this baby in your laboratories and [check out] him — ’

If an individual claims to have suffered injustice because of maladministration by a local authority , the Commissioner for Local Administration may investigate the complaint on his behalf .
if an individual claims to have suffered injustice because of maladministration by a local authority , the commissioner for local administration may [check out] the complaint on his behalf .

But then , suddenly , at the very end of his report , Abercrombie writes something quite extraordinary , as if a bright and penetrating light has suddenly fallen upon the land of dreams . He hears that an anti-government demonstration is to take place in the Beirut suburb of Basta — a Shia district which 30 years later will be controlled by pro-Iranian militiamen — and he takes a taxi to investigate :
but then , suddenly , at the very end of his report , abercrombie writes something quite extraordinary , as if a bright and penetrating light has suddenly fallen upon the land of dreams . he hears that an anti-government demonstration is to take place in the beirut suburb of basta — a shia district which 30 years later will be controlled by pro-iranian militiamen — and he takes a taxi to [check out] :

When it was possible to investigate , it was found that over a third of the reactor core had melted , leaving one of the biggest radioactive waste disposal headaches ever known .
when it was possible to [check out] , it was found that over a third of the reactor core had melted , leaving one of the biggest radioactive waste disposal headaches ever known .

The local City Council set up a committee of inquiry to investigate the policing arrangements for the visit and complaints were made to the Police Complaints Authority .
the local city council set up a committee of inquiry to [check out] the policing arrangements for the visit and complaints were made to the police complaints authority .

Obviously John had no time to investigate the theory , and probably he would not have bothered anyway , since it looks convincing and he was given to quick enthusiasms .
obviously john had no time to [check out] the theory , and probably he would not have bothered anyway , since it looks convincing and he was given to quick enthusiasms .

Mrs Tilling , who began to find the room oppressive and smelly , left her sock-laden armchair ( from whence , she suspected , most of the aroma emanated ) , and decided to investigate the kitchen .
mrs tilling , who began to find the room oppressive and smelly , left her sock-laden armchair ( from whence , she suspected , most of the aroma emanated ) , and decided to [check out] the kitchen .

He could scarcely see for the blur of tears behind his spectacles , but he bent to investigate a glint of metal among the dust .
he could scarcely see for the blur of tears behind his spectacles , but he bent to [check out] a glint of metal among the dust .

The Royal Society in Britain also set up a committee to investigate the scientific aspects of the eruption and published a weighty tome containing the committee 's findings in 1888 .
the royal society in britain also set up a committee to [check out] the scientific aspects of the eruption and published a weighty tome containing the committee 's findings in 1888 .

5 Kaiyo-Maru , 211 tons , was sent to investigate reports of a submarine eruption about 420 kilometres south of Tokyo .
5 kaiyo-maru , 211 tons , was sent to [check out] reports of a submarine eruption about 420 kilometres south of tokyo .

‘ It is a matter of some regret ’ , he writes , ‘ that the Court did not see fit to investigate civil law developments over the twelve year period since Corbett was decided .
‘ it is a matter of some regret ’ , he writes , ‘ that the court did not see fit to [check out] civil law developments over the twelve year period since corbett was decided .

Many people never check that their tax code is correct , and never investigate the allowances , grants or benefits that they may be entitled to .
many people never check that their tax code is correct , and never [check out] the allowances , grants or benefits that they may be entitled to .

If you are going to a part of the world which is rife with certain diseases then investigate with your doctor beforehand as to whether you should have vaccinations .
if you are going to a part of the world which is rife with certain diseases then [check out] with your doctor beforehand as to whether you should have vaccinations .

When the Data Protection Committee was set up in 1976 , to redeem a pledge made by the Home Secretary when Younger reported , It had no such limitation put upon it — it was in fact the first body empowered to investigate information systems in the public sector , and the Committee came to see this as a major aspect of its work .
when the data protection committee was set up in 1976 , to redeem a pledge made by the home secretary when younger reported , it had no such limitation put upon it — it was in fact the first body empowered to [check out] information systems in the public sector , and the committee came to see this as a major aspect of its work .

prepare in advance a set of questions to investigate very thoroughly if the candidate has the expertise and personality necessary for the job ;
prepare in advance a set of questions to [check out] very thoroughly if the candidate has the expertise and personality necessary for the job ;

do not always give the job to the best of a bad bunch , but investigate where the recruiting methods and job specification may have gone wrong and start again ;
do not always give the job to the best of a bad bunch , but [check out] where the recruiting methods and job specification may have gone wrong and start again ;

As to claims that religious education was inadequate , he pledged the Movement ‘ to investigate any individual case referred to them ’ and promised ‘ to leave no stone unturned to make the most satisfactory arrangements possible , .
as to claims that religious education was inadequate , he pledged the movement ‘ to [check out] any individual case referred to them ’ and promised ‘ to leave no stone unturned to make the most satisfactory arrangements possible , .

Of course , some factors are more important than others : it is the job of empirical economists to investigate which are the most important factors and which policy measures are likely to be most successful in tackling the inflation problem .
of course , some factors are more important than others : it is the job of empirical economists to [check out] which are the most important factors and which policy measures are likely to be most successful in tackling the inflation problem .

Prussia became aware that it had lost parity with its allies from the Napoleonic years and determined to catch up by creating a series of technical schools — later to include Danzig 's Technical High School for boys and the famous Conradinum — and by beginning to investigate and research industrial techniques .
prussia became aware that it had lost parity with its allies from the napoleonic years and determined to catch up by creating a series of technical schools — later to include danzig 's technical high school for boys and the famous conradinum — and by beginning to [check out] and research industrial techniques .

There was a standing arrangement : if no smoke was rising from the chimney of Low Birk Hatt by eleven o'clock in the morning the Fawcetts should come to investigate .
there was a standing arrangement : if no smoke was rising from the chimney of low birk hatt by eleven o'clock in the morning the fawcetts should come to [check out] .

Surely it was time to investigate .
surely it was time to [check out] .

This incident led Gattefossé to investigate the use of essential oils in skin conditions and to undertake a great deal of research into their medicinal use .
this incident led gattefossé to [check out] the use of essential oils in skin conditions and to undertake a great deal of research into their medicinal use .

This enables other members to consider the matter between the meetings and also enables the officers to investigate and report on the matter , if necessary .
this enables other members to consider the matter between the meetings and also enables the officers to [check out] and report on the matter , if necessary .

Before investigating a complaint , the commissioner must be satisfied that the complaint has been brought to the notice of the authority , and that the authority has been given a reasonable opportunity to investigate and reply to it .
before investigating a complaint , the commissioner must be satisfied that the complaint has been brought to the notice of the authority , and that the authority has been given a reasonable opportunity to [check out] and reply to it .

The commissioner will not investigate matters where the complainant has a remedy through a court or tribunal .
the commissioner will not [check out] matters where the complainant has a remedy through a court or tribunal .

For this to be fair , they should investigate the conflict in depth , trying to persuade the parties to bury the hatchet and work constructively together .
for this to be fair , they should [check out] the conflict in depth , trying to persuade the parties to bury the hatchet and work constructively together .

In a wrongful dismissal case , where there is no equivalent to the statutory ceiling on the amount of compensation that may be awarded , it will often be worth taking the trouble to investigate the pension position in much more depth .
in a wrongful dismissal case , where there is no equivalent to the statutory ceiling on the amount of compensation that may be awarded , it will often be worth taking the trouble to [check out] the pension position in much more depth .

When the stories reached Lysons himself , he wrote at once to the Duke of Portland , the home secretary , alerting him to the ‘ very suspicious business ’ taking place at Alfoxden , and on 11 August a government spy called James Walsh was dispatched to investigate .
when the stories reached lysons himself , he wrote at once to the duke of portland , the home secretary , alerting him to the ‘ very suspicious business ’ taking place at alfoxden , and on 11 august a government spy called james walsh was dispatched to [check out] .

Investigate ring not involved in horse race fiddle ( 8 ) .
[check out] ring not involved in horse race fiddle ( 8 ) .

This approach has been usefully extended to investigate the disturbance of the palaeogeothermal gradient caused by superimposing one rock slab onto another during overthrusting ( Edman and Surdam 1984 ; Furlong and Edman 1984 ) .
this approach has been usefully extended to [check out] the disturbance of the palaeogeothermal gradient caused by superimposing one rock slab onto another during overthrusting ( edman and surdam 1984 ; furlong and edman 1984 ) .

Two basic approaches can be followed when using long-term laboratory heating experiments to investigate the generating potential of coals .
two basic approaches can be followed when using long-term laboratory heating experiments to [check out] the generating potential of coals .

The information base is diverse and complex , and , to the outsider , can be difficult to understand and difficult to investigate in any structured or systematic way .
the information base is diverse and complex , and , to the outsider , can be difficult to understand and difficult to [check out] in any structured or systematic way .

Investigate the communication of information between all or selected functions .
[check out] the communication of information between all or selected functions .

Stage 8 . Investigate the Discrepancy
stage 8 . [check out] the discrepancy

Matzner and Tipler proceed to investigate the properties of the null hypersurfaces v = constant , working with the null Minkowski coordinates .
matzner and tipler proceed to [check out] the properties of the null hypersurfaces v = constant , working with the null minkowski coordinates .

Although puzzled , he hesitated to investigate more closely for fear his driver should imagine his interest to be prurient .
although puzzled , he hesitated to [check out] more closely for fear his driver should imagine his interest to be prurient .

Just what is the student going to investigate ?
just what is the student going to [check out] ?

You will have to make your own judgement as we investigate .
you will have to make your own judgement as we [check out] .

We have to investigate several paths .
we have to [check out] several paths .

They allowed a council-appointed paranormal expert into their home to investigate a nine-month haunting .
they allowed a council-appointed paranormal expert into their home to [check out] a nine-month haunting .

Grand Lodge , in its evidence to a 1987 Church of England Working Party set up to investigate whether or not Christianity and freemasonry were compatible , claimed that this was wrong .
grand lodge , in its evidence to a 1987 church of england working party set up to [check out] whether or not christianity and freemasonry were compatible , claimed that this was wrong .

The bureau began to notice that some of their regular contributors were achieving higher-than-average success rates , and decided to investigate .
the bureau began to notice that some of their regular contributors were achieving higher-than-average success rates , and decided to [check out] .

‘ The problem with all these stars , ’ said Peter Fairley , ‘ was that the moment they started to know that we were interested in what they could do , and we started to investigate how they did things , it just went .
‘ the problem with all these stars , ’ said peter fairley , ‘ was that the moment they started to know that we were interested in what they could do , and we started to [check out] how they did things , it just went .

Obviously a thief had been about , but Dad had no time to investigate before setting off for work .
obviously a thief had been about , but dad had no time to [check out] before setting off for work .

To try and sort out these problems , it is necessary to investigate the context in which fossils are found .
to try and sort out these problems , it is necessary to [check out] the context in which fossils are found .

‘ Management ’ ( which is relatively cheap ) is seen as the key to change : so education support grants are made available for management training , management consultants proliferate , and the Secretary of State sets up a high-powered task force to investigate the management training and development needs of heads and senior staff .
‘ management ’ ( which is relatively cheap ) is seen as the key to change : so education support grants are made available for management training , management consultants proliferate , and the secretary of state sets up a high-powered task force to [check out] the management training and development needs of heads and senior staff .

While still a pupil there he was selected , along with Mr Wilson , reputedly the ablest farmer of the day , to investigate an epidemic disease in horned cattle ; this is a curious echo of the student days of Vial .
while still a pupil there he was selected , along with mr wilson , reputedly the ablest farmer of the day , to [check out] an epidemic disease in horned cattle ; this is a curious echo of the student days of vial .

Teachers seconded or given time to investigate the curriculum opportunities which business offers , inevitably at the same time become more aware of the world they prepare young people for .
teachers seconded or given time to [check out] the curriculum opportunities which business offers , inevitably at the same time become more aware of the world they prepare young people for .

In the future there will be even more codes of practice , as the aim of a three year co-operative research programme on odours , undertaken jointly by Warren Spring Laboratory , local authorities and industry , was to investigate each method of odour abatement and periodically issue further codes of practice for guidance to industries with odour problems .
in the future there will be even more codes of practice , as the aim of a three year co-operative research programme on odours , undertaken jointly by warren spring laboratory , local authorities and industry , was to [check out] each method of odour abatement and periodically issue further codes of practice for guidance to industries with odour problems .

The Parliamentary Commissioner Act of 1967 established the office of Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration , whose main task is to investigate complaints of citizens who claim to have suffered injustice in consequence of maladministration by central government departments , which include the Health and Safety Executive and the Department of the Environment , in the exercise of their administrative functions .
the parliamentary commissioner act of 1967 established the office of parliamentary commissioner for administration , whose main task is to [check out] complaints of citizens who claim to have suffered injustice in consequence of maladministration by central government departments , which include the health and safety executive and the department of the environment , in the exercise of their administrative functions .

Similarly the Local Government Act of 1974 established Local Commissioners for Administration to investigate complaints of injustice caused by maladministration by local government departments , which would include for example environmental health , planning and waste disposal departments .
similarly the local government act of 1974 established local commissioners for administration to [check out] complaints of injustice caused by maladministration by local government departments , which would include for example environmental health , planning and waste disposal departments .

However , a Commissioner may still investigate if he is satisfied that it is not reasonable to expect the complainant to use or have used this right .
however , a commissioner may still [check out] if he is satisfied that it is not reasonable to expect the complainant to use or have used this right .

There is also a time bar : the Commissioners may only investigate a complaint if it is made within 12 months from the date the aggrieved person first had notice of the matter complained or , but a Commissioner has power to accept a complaint outside the time limit if he considers that there are special circumstances which make it proper to do so .
there is also a time bar : the commissioners may only [check out] a complaint if it is made within 12 months from the date the aggrieved person first had notice of the matter complained or , but a commissioner has power to accept a complaint outside the time limit if he considers that there are special circumstances which make it proper to do so .

Before beginning to investigate a complaint , the Commissioner will tell the complainant and the member that he has accepted it for investigation .
before beginning to [check out] a complaint , the commissioner will tell the complainant and the member that he has accepted it for investigation .

If you achieve success in local unaffiliated competitions , you may want to investigate affiliated competitions .
if you achieve success in local unaffiliated competitions , you may want to [check out] affiliated competitions .

Zak naturally bustled to investigate , followed by a sizeable section of the audience .
zak naturally bustled to [check out] , followed by a sizeable section of the audience .

Take time to shop around ; get to know your local wine merchant or investigate your local supermarket .
take time to shop around ; get to know your local wine merchant or [check out] your local supermarket .

By searching for flashes repeating at exactly the same rate as the radio pulses , they were able to investigate much fainter pulsations than if they had been looking for pulses occurring at an unknown rate .
by searching for flashes repeating at exactly the same rate as the radio pulses , they were able to [check out] much fainter pulsations than if they had been looking for pulses occurring at an unknown rate .

And there is a speculative project to investigate the Ignitor -fusion concept .
and there is a speculative project to [check out] the ignitor -fusion concept .

The second laboratory will investigate surface science and catalysis , while the final member of the trio will develop instruments to probe materials and find new applications .
the second laboratory will [check out] surface science and catalysis , while the final member of the trio will develop instruments to probe materials and find new applications .

Its function is ‘ to undertake research on the economic aspects of medical care ’ , and to ‘ investigate other health arid social problems ’ , and to ‘ collect data from other countries ’ , and to publish the results of these wholly commendable activities .
its function is ‘ to undertake research on the economic aspects of medical care ’ , and to ‘ [check out] other health arid social problems ’ , and to ‘ collect data from other countries ’ , and to publish the results of these wholly commendable activities .

Howls of anger from British ministers at a meeting in December resulted in the appointment of a team of ‘ three wise men ’ — Jean Teillac , head of France 's atomic energy centre , Adolf Berkerhofer , head of the West German reactor safety institute , and Niels Holm , the former head of the Riso research centre — to investigate the cost-effectiveness of the project .
howls of anger from british ministers at a meeting in december resulted in the appointment of a team of ‘ three wise men ’ — jean teillac , head of france 's atomic energy centre , adolf berkerhofer , head of the west german reactor safety institute , and niels holm , the former head of the riso research centre — to [check out] the cost-effectiveness of the project .

Bondi says , ‘ The unique geophysical situation of the Grytviken ( South Georgia ) Faraday and Halley ( both Antarctica ) bases provide opportunities to investigate scientifically exciting and fundamental atmospheric problems that can not be studied elsewhere .
bondi says , ‘ the unique geophysical situation of the grytviken ( south georgia ) faraday and halley ( both antarctica ) bases provide opportunities to [check out] scientifically exciting and fundamental atmospheric problems that can not be studied elsewhere .

Members of the Moscow Helsinki Watch Committee and the Working Commission to Investigate the use of Psychiatry for Political Purposes have been silenced through imprisonment or exile .
members of the moscow helsinki watch committee and the working commission to [check out] the use of psychiatry for political purposes have been silenced through imprisonment or exile .

The office wants Congress to order the Pentagon to investigate other methods such as lasers fired from the ground or installed in satellites .
the office wants congress to order the pentagon to [check out] other methods such as lasers fired from the ground or installed in satellites .

The experiment will investigate the danger of the cladding round the fuel rods ‘ ballooning ’ and blocking the flow of cooling water .
the experiment will [check out] the danger of the cladding round the fuel rods ‘ ballooning ’ and blocking the flow of cooling water .

This and other recommendations have been made by a four-member panel of distinguished heart experts , forced a year ago by the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute to investigate the episode .
this and other recommendations have been made by a four-member panel of distinguished heart experts , forced a year ago by the national heart lung and blood institute to [check out] the episode .

Spinrad and the Yugoslavian astronomer , Stanislaw ‘ George ’ Djorgovski , who is now also at Berkeley , have recently used the 4-metre telescope at Kitt Peak , Arizona , to investigate eight more galaxies .
spinrad and the yugoslavian astronomer , stanislaw ‘ george ’ djorgovski , who is now also at berkeley , have recently used the 4-metre telescope at kitt peak , arizona , to [check out] eight more galaxies .

This led him to investigate in more detail the effect of alcohol on chromosome segregation at about the time of conception , and its effects on early development of the mouse embryo in vivo .
this led him to [check out] in more detail the effect of alcohol on chromosome segregation at about the time of conception , and its effects on early development of the mouse embryo in vivo .

The Board of the Admiralty asked the College of Physicians to investigate the possibilities of such a cure against scurvy , a disease that had hitherto lost naval engagements , without a fight .
the board of the admiralty asked the college of physicians to [check out] the possibilities of such a cure against scurvy , a disease that had hitherto lost naval engagements , without a fight .

This technique will investigate no further than about 50 m under the ground ; and there is no way of knowing from exactly which point in the hole the samples emanated .
this technique will [check out] no further than about 50 m under the ground ; and there is no way of knowing from exactly which point in the hole the samples emanated .

It was not to investigate mine safety but to design a lamp .
it was not to [check out] mine safety but to design a lamp .

Other possible joint missions includes a ‘ Mars aeronomy orbiter ’ that would investigate the interaction of the planet 's upper atmosphere and ionosphere with radiation and particles of the solar wind .
other possible joint missions includes a ‘ mars aeronomy orbiter ’ that would [check out] the interaction of the planet 's upper atmosphere and ionosphere with radiation and particles of the solar wind .

It will investigate the shorter-wavelength radiation from the objects observed by the ultraviolet telescope .
it will [check out] the shorter-wavelength radiation from the objects observed by the ultraviolet telescope .

The telescopes will investigate particularly hot objects .
the telescopes will [check out] particularly hot objects .

Asked whether , having failed to get any positive results despite good funding , he would continue to investigate the paranormal , Phillips said , ‘ that 's up in the air .
asked whether , having failed to get any positive results despite good funding , he would continue to [check out] the paranormal , phillips said , ‘ that 's up in the air .

Sir Ralph Darling was no sooner in post than he turned his attention to John Piper and an official enquiry was set up to investigate the customs accounts .
sir ralph darling was no sooner in post than he turned his attention to john piper and an official enquiry was set up to [check out] the customs accounts .

The schemes were considered by a team of experts working under a group of senior officials appointed by the two governments and , in addition , the British government appointed Land Use Consultants to investigate their environmental implications .
the schemes were considered by a team of experts working under a group of senior officials appointed by the two governments and , in addition , the british government appointed land use consultants to [check out] their environmental implications .

Corbett was about to investigate further when he heard Ranulf 's panic-struck voice .
corbett was about to [check out] further when he heard ranulf 's panic-struck voice .

All these things which a wise man [ of the world ] sees materially , he strives to investigate in his mind spiritually , through spiritual vision .
all these things which a wise man [ of the world ] sees materially , he strives to [check out] in his mind spiritually , through spiritual vision .

It has been more difficult for it to investigate the non-physical nature of prehistoric society .
it has been more difficult for it to [check out] the non-physical nature of prehistoric society .

The plot may not be the simplest and most direct piece of story-telling that Hofmannsthal gave to strauss — but look below the surface and investigate the symbols .
the plot may not be the simplest and most direct piece of story-telling that hofmannsthal gave to strauss — but look below the surface and [check out] the symbols .

Boreholes and geological surveys may provide clues to ground conditions , but the only way to investigate a site thoroughly is to dig a tunnel .
boreholes and geological surveys may provide clues to ground conditions , but the only way to [check out] a site thoroughly is to dig a tunnel .

So if you are told that your baby is lactase deficient after some routine tests , you should be prepared to question the diagnosis and ask your doctor to help you investigate the possibility of food sensitivity , as described in the following section .
so if you are told that your baby is lactase deficient after some routine tests , you should be prepared to question the diagnosis and ask your doctor to help you [check out] the possibility of food sensitivity , as described in the following section .

These are mainly spectroscopic , but the use of radioactive sulphur to investigate reaction mechanisms and quantum chemical calculations on sulphur compounds are also discussed .
these are mainly spectroscopic , but the use of radioactive sulphur to [check out] reaction mechanisms and quantum chemical calculations on sulphur compounds are also discussed .

If you want to investigate one run by a voluntary or private organisation , be aware that these establishments vary considerably in the standards of facilities provided .
if you want to [check out] one run by a voluntary or private organisation , be aware that these establishments vary considerably in the standards of facilities provided .

Students were also interviewed with the aim of ascertaining their feelings about , and approaches to , their studies ; and later interviews were held with some students and teaching staff to provide further information about the study habits and attitudes of this age group and to investigate the study demands that are made .
students were also interviewed with the aim of ascertaining their feelings about , and approaches to , their studies ; and later interviews were held with some students and teaching staff to provide further information about the study habits and attitudes of this age group and to [check out] the study demands that are made .

To describe curriculum development in these schools and investigate factors which help or hinder progress .
to describe curriculum development in these schools and [check out] factors which help or hinder progress .

In contrast to the type of evaluation that assessed by purely quantitative techniques and data , this strategy or range of techniques could investigate and respond to the complex nature of user education .
in contrast to the type of evaluation that assessed by purely quantitative techniques and data , this strategy or range of techniques could [check out] and respond to the complex nature of user education .

We will investigate the widely held belief that crime is a working-class phenomenon through an examination of some predominantly middle-class crimes , in particular business or corporate crime .
we will [check out] the widely held belief that crime is a working-class phenomenon through an examination of some predominantly middle-class crimes , in particular business or corporate crime .

Victim or victimisation studies are designed to investigate the number of individuals who have been victims of crime .
victim or victimisation studies are designed to [check out] the number of individuals who have been victims of crime .

The Major said , ‘ You mentioned to Harrison you had someone investigate into Kinsella 's past . Who ? ’
the major said , ‘ you mentioned to harrison you had someone [check out] into kinsella 's past . who ? ’

To investigate in full the total use of environmental scanning for strategic decisions even in just one specific company would require examination of the scanning practices of every business unit , division and head office department in that company .
to [check out] in full the total use of environmental scanning for strategic decisions even in just one specific company would require examination of the scanning practices of every business unit , division and head office department in that company .

Therefore a decision was taken to investigate only the scanning undertaken by corporate planning departments and deliberately to exclude the business divisions and the chief executive .
therefore a decision was taken to [check out] only the scanning undertaken by corporate planning departments and deliberately to exclude the business divisions and the chief executive .

In order to examine phases two and three , we needed to investigate the roles of the companies ' corporate planning departments in the total planning process . These roles could be divided into four :
in order to examine phases two and three , we needed to [check out] the roles of the companies ' corporate planning departments in the total planning process . these roles could be divided into four :

This is an extremely difficult area to investigate .
this is an extremely difficult area to [check out] .

We had in addition to this party , — a doctor coming to visit his mother , who lived in Coll ; a young Englishman with a fishing-rod , who had left a medical practice for a few days , to whip the burns of Coll and breathe the fine air ; a minister 's wife ; a retired minister and his wife , both in delicate health ; the fiscal of Tobermory , who had a farm in Tiree ; the Chief Constable and Sheriff Clerk from Mull , who came to investigate a case of suspected cattle poisoning ; and a young Glasgow teacher , who came to be guest of the Fiscal aforementioned .
we had in addition to this party , — a doctor coming to visit his mother , who lived in coll ; a young englishman with a fishing-rod , who had left a medical practice for a few days , to whip the burns of coll and breathe the fine air ; a minister 's wife ; a retired minister and his wife , both in delicate health ; the fiscal of tobermory , who had a farm in tiree ; the chief constable and sheriff clerk from mull , who came to [check out] a case of suspected cattle poisoning ; and a young glasgow teacher , who came to be guest of the fiscal aforementioned .

In this chapter we shall investigate the answers to some of these questions in an example drawn from a debate about health policy .
in this chapter we shall [check out] the answers to some of these questions in an example drawn from a debate about health policy .

One explanation for the mechanism might be that the experience of unemployment leads to a generalized lack of trust in the institutions of authority and the state , which in turn makes people prepared to contemplate breaking the law . There is , in the survey , a set of questions which can help us investigate this ; respondents were asked :
one explanation for the mechanism might be that the experience of unemployment leads to a generalized lack of trust in the institutions of authority and the state , which in turn makes people prepared to contemplate breaking the law . there is , in the survey , a set of questions which can help us [check out] this ; respondents were asked :

Social and Community Planning Research , an independent , non-profit institute specializing in social surveys and social research , began conducting an annual survey to investigate public attitudes to a wide range of social and political issues .
social and community planning research , an independent , non-profit institute specializing in social surveys and social research , began conducting an annual survey to [check out] public attitudes to a wide range of social and political issues .

If the management of Stringfellows Nightclub in London 's West End were to take their snobbish door-policy to its ultimate conclusion and investigate the social backgrounds of their glittering clientele , at least one regular would be out on his ear .
if the management of stringfellows nightclub in london 's west end were to take their snobbish door-policy to its ultimate conclusion and [check out] the social backgrounds of their glittering clientele , at least one regular would be out on his ear .

Published studies of the speech of the Chicano investigate the diverse communication modes by examining the language that reflects the cultural experiences of the various subcultures of Mexican and Chicano communities .
published studies of the speech of the chicano [check out] the diverse communication modes by examining the language that reflects the cultural experiences of the various subcultures of mexican and chicano communities .

The basic freedoms protected in the first Ten Amendments , ratified in 1791 , include freedom of speech and the press , freedom of religion , the right to bear arms , the right to privacy against state intrusion in one ’ s home and papers , and a plethora of rights designed to protect suspects of crime against the federal government ’ s power to investigate and prosecute .
the basic freedoms protected in the first ten amendments , ratified in 1791 , include freedom of speech and the press , freedom of religion , the right to bear arms , the right to privacy against state intrusion in one ’ s home and papers , and a plethora of rights designed to protect suspects of crime against the federal government ’ s power to [check out] and prosecute .

We have much to investigate .
we have much to [check out] .

In our humility , we can begin to formulate a general biology and begin to investigate the collective behaviors of hugely diverse molecular libraries .
in our humility , we can begin to formulate a general biology and begin to [check out] the collective behaviors of hugely diverse molecular libraries .

My aim in the current chapter is to begin to investigate what we might mean , and hence see , by propagating organization .
my aim in the current chapter is to begin to [check out] what we might mean , and hence see , by propagating organization .

It is almost certainly not a coincidence that the impulse to investigate the central nature of autonomous agents arises just as we are on the threshold of creating such molecular systems .
it is almost certainly not a coincidence that the impulse to [check out] the central nature of autonomous agents arises just as we are on the threshold of creating such molecular systems .

If you want to see the area or investigate the caves , do take a guide and go well prepared .
if you want to see the area or [check out] the caves , do take a guide and go well prepared .

For tourists at Pointe-du-Bout it ’ s worth taking the 20-minute ferry ride to the capital to investigate prices there before shopping at the resort hotel boutiques .
for tourists at pointe-du-bout it ’ s worth taking the 20-minute ferry ride to the capital to [check out] prices there before shopping at the resort hotel boutiques .

Another attraction for members of the wet set is being able to investigate shipwrecks on the ocean bottom — well over 100 vessels are known to have sunk hereabouts since the days of the Spanish galleons .
another attraction for members of the wet set is being able to [check out] shipwrecks on the ocean bottom — well over 100 vessels are known to have sunk hereabouts since the days of the spanish galleons .

Then investigate the side streets .
then [check out] the side streets .

A 1995 meta-analysis of 32 alcohol treatment modalities found that brief motivational counseling ranks near the top in four categories : 1 ) total amount of research to investigate the modality , 2 ) methodological quality of research , 3 ) number of studies demonstrating improved outcomes , and 4 ) cost effectiveness.37 Therefore , research should not focus on foundational and efficacy trials , but on the practical matter of successfully adapting proven intervention techniques to the emergency department setting .
a 1995 meta-analysis of 32 alcohol treatment modalities found that brief motivational counseling ranks near the top in four categories : 1 ) total amount of research to [check out] the modality , 2 ) methodological quality of research , 3 ) number of studies demonstrating improved outcomes , and 4 ) cost effectiveness.37 therefore , research should not focus on foundational and efficacy trials , but on the practical matter of successfully adapting proven intervention techniques to the emergency department setting .

Currently , the contractors only have the resources to investigate situations in which the data indicate potential large-scale abusive practices .
currently , the contractors only have the resources to [check out] situations in which the data indicate potential large-scale abusive practices .

Finally , neither the plain meaning of the statute nor the legislative history supports the Vice President « s interpretation of the terms ƒresults≈ and ƒagency.≈ The GAO as an institution , and the Comptroller General as an officer of the legislative branch , assist the Congress in exercising its responsibilities under the Constitution to oversee , investigate , and legislate .
finally , neither the plain meaning of the statute nor the legislative history supports the vice president « s interpretation of the terms ƒresults≈ and ƒagency.≈ the gao as an institution , and the comptroller general as an officer of the legislative branch , assist the congress in exercising its responsibilities under the constitution to oversee , [check out] , and legislate .

GAO « s Basic Audit Authority GAO « s basic authority stems from the Budget and Accounting Act of 1921 , which , as discussed below , provides GAO with broad and comprehensive authority to investigate all matters relating to the use of public money .
gao « s basic audit authority gao « s basic authority stems from the budget and accounting act of 1921 , which , as discussed below , provides gao with broad and comprehensive authority to [check out] all matters relating to the use of public money .

Section 712 ( 1 ) authorizes GAO to investigate `` all matters related to the receipt , disbursement , and use of public money , '' and there is no doubt that public money was used to fund the activities of the NEPDG .
section 712 ( 1 ) authorizes gao to [check out] `` all matters related to the receipt , disbursement , and use of public money , '' and there is no doubt that public money was used to fund the activities of the nepdg .

Thus , in Eastland v. United States Servicemen 's Fund , 421 U.S. 491 , 504 n. 15 ( 1975 ) , the Court stated that the scope of Congress « power of inquiry ƒis as penetrating and far-reaching as the potential power to enact and appropriate under the Constitution.≈ section 712 grants GAO broad authority to investigate all matters related to the use of public money and necessarily includes the agency processes in implementing programs.14 While generally asserting that GAO lacks authority to do this review , the Vice President has acknowledged GAO « s authority in one area , agreeing that we can look into the direct and indirect expenses of the NEPDG under section 712 .
thus , in eastland v. united states servicemen 's fund , 421 u.s. 491 , 504 n. 15 ( 1975 ) , the court stated that the scope of congress « power of inquiry ƒis as penetrating and far-reaching as the potential power to enact and appropriate under the constitution.≈ section 712 grants gao broad authority to [check out] all matters related to the use of public money and necessarily includes the agency processes in implementing programs.14 while generally asserting that gao lacks authority to do this review , the vice president has acknowledged gao « s authority in one area , agreeing that we can look into the direct and indirect expenses of the nepdg under section 712 .

Based on GAO 's work , HCFA now requires states to investigate serious complaints alleging harm to residents within 10 days , has proposed an expansion of its enforcement programs by subjecting homes with repeated serious deficiencies to immediate sanctions , and has revised the protocols that state surveyors use to inspect nursing homes to better focus the reviews .
based on gao 's work , hcfa now requires states to [check out] serious complaints alleging harm to residents within 10 days , has proposed an expansion of its enforcement programs by subjecting homes with repeated serious deficiencies to immediate sanctions , and has revised the protocols that state surveyors use to inspect nursing homes to better focus the reviews .

CDC seeks to accomplish its mission by working with partners throughout the nation and world to monitor health , detect and investigate health problems , conduct research to enhance the prevention of disease , Page 24 GAO-02-24 Information Sharing Practices Appendix II The 11 Organizations That Participated in GAO 's Study of Information Sharing PulseNet Epidemic Information Exchange The Data Web foster safe and healthful environments , and provide leadership and training .
cdc seeks to accomplish its mission by working with partners throughout the nation and world to monitor health , detect and [check out] health problems , conduct research to enhance the prevention of disease , page 24 gao-02-24 information sharing practices appendix ii the 11 organizations that participated in gao 's study of information sharing pulsenet epidemic information exchange the data web foster safe and healthful environments , and provide leadership and training .

In 1995 , the New York Electronic Crimes Task Force was formed by the United States Secret Service to investigate electronic crimes associated with computer-generated counterfeit currency , counterfeit checks , credit card fraud , telecommunications fraud , and access device fraud , to name a few .
in 1995 , the new york electronic crimes task force was formed by the united states secret service to [check out] electronic crimes associated with computer-generated counterfeit currency , counterfeit checks , credit card fraud , telecommunications fraud , and access device fraud , to name a few .

A hardware and software development technique in Prototyping which a preliminary version of part or all of the hardware or software is developed to permit user feedback , determine feasibility , or investigate timing or other issues in support of the development process .
a hardware and software development technique in prototyping which a preliminary version of part or all of the hardware or software is developed to permit user feedback , determine feasibility , or [check out] timing or other issues in support of the development process .

To others , `` a random sample is necessary for a case study , '' `` case studies are nonnormative research that investigate a situation without prejudice , '' `` where we could look at a limited number of cases that would represent the universe overall , '' and `` a review of relevant conditions in a specific environment with no attempt to project to a larger universe . ''
to others , `` a random sample is necessary for a case study , '' `` case studies are nonnormative research that [check out] a situation without prejudice , '' `` where we could look at a limited number of cases that would represent the universe overall , '' and `` a review of relevant conditions in a specific environment with no attempt to project to a larger universe . ''

A request to investigate the reasons for the bank failures in Ohio , for example , may reflect an interest only in Ohio , but it could be a `` tip of the iceberg '' question .
a request to [check out] the reasons for the bank failures in ohio , for example , may reflect an interest only in ohio , but it could be a `` tip of the iceberg '' question .

In Florida , the period to resolve a farmworker 's claim can range from within a month to years , depending on various circumstances , including the type of claim , the complexity of the issue , the time needed to investigate the claim , the evidence needed to establish the claim , and the damages at issue .
in florida , the period to resolve a farmworker 's claim can range from within a month to years , depending on various circumstances , including the type of claim , the complexity of the issue , the time needed to [check out] the claim , the evidence needed to establish the claim , and the damages at issue .

Even pre-litigation settlement of employment claims are time consuming , often requiring the attorney to fully investigate the workers ' claims .
even pre-litigation settlement of employment claims are time consuming , often requiring the attorney to fully [check out] the workers ' claims .

If the calculated CV exceeds the 75th percentile of CVs reported nationally , the laboratory should use the 75th and 90th percentiles to calculate warning and control limits , respectively , and the laboratory should investigate options for reducing variability .
if the calculated cv exceeds the 75th percentile of cvs reported nationally , the laboratory should use the 75th and 90th percentiles to calculate warning and control limits , respectively , and the laboratory should [check out] options for reducing variability .

If more than one out of 20 reference toxicant tests fall outside the control limits , the laboratory should investigate sources of variability , take corrective actions to reduce identified sources of variability , and perform an additional reference toxicant test during the same month .
if more than one out of 20 reference toxicant tests fall outside the control limits , the laboratory should [check out] sources of variability , take corrective actions to reduce identified sources of variability , and perform an additional reference toxicant test during the same month .

If the calculated CV exceeds the 75th percentile of CVs reported nationally , the laboratory should use the 75th and 90th percentiles to calculate warning and control limits , respectively , and the laboratory should investigate options for reducing variability .
if the calculated cv exceeds the 75th percentile of cvs reported nationally , the laboratory should use the 75th and 90th percentiles to calculate warning and control limits , respectively , and the laboratory should [check out] options for reducing variability .

If more than one out of 20 reference toxicant tests fall outside the control limits , the laboratory should investigate sources of variability , take corrective actions to reduce identified sources of variability , and perform an additional reference toxicant test during the same month .
if more than one out of 20 reference toxicant tests fall outside the control limits , the laboratory should [check out] sources of variability , take corrective actions to reduce identified sources of variability , and perform an additional reference toxicant test during the same month .

If the calculated CV exceeds the 75th percentile of CVs reported nationally , the laboratory should use the 75th and 90th percentiles to calculate warning and control limits , respectively , and the laboratory should investigate options for reducing variability .
if the calculated cv exceeds the 75th percentile of cvs reported nationally , the laboratory should use the 75th and 90th percentiles to calculate warning and control limits , respectively , and the laboratory should [check out] options for reducing variability .

If more than one out of 20 reference toxicant tests fall outside the control limits , the laboratory should investigate sources of variability , take corrective actions to reduce identified sources of variability , and perform an additional reference toxicant test during the same month .
if more than one out of 20 reference toxicant tests fall outside the control limits , the laboratory should [check out] sources of variability , take corrective actions to reduce identified sources of variability , and perform an additional reference toxicant test during the same month .

In order to investigate the impact of using the CV based WTP estimates , the Alternative Estimate relies on a value for incidence of chronic bronchitis using a cost-of-illness estimate based Cropper and Krupnick ( 1990 ) which calculates the present value of the lifetime expected costs associated with the illness .
in order to [check out] the impact of using the cv based wtp estimates , the alternative estimate relies on a value for incidence of chronic bronchitis using a cost-of-illness estimate based cropper and krupnick ( 1990 ) which calculates the present value of the lifetime expected costs associated with the illness .

We did not investigate this topic , except as needed in order to understand the activities and communications of key officials on 9/11 .
we did not [check out] this topic , except as needed in order to understand the activities and communications of key officials on 9/11 .

With World War II looming , President Franklin D. Roosevelt ordered FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover to investigate foreign and foreign-inspired subversion-Communist , Nazi , and Japanese .
with world war ii looming , president franklin d. roosevelt ordered fbi director j. edgar hoover to [check out] foreign and foreign-inspired subversion-communist , nazi , and japanese .

In 1986 , Congress authorized the FBI to investigate terrorist attacks against Americans that occur outside the United States .
in 1986 , congress authorized the fbi to [check out] terrorist attacks against americans that occur outside the united states .

Members of Congress , however , also found their time spent on such everyday matters , or in looking back to investigate mistakes , and often missed the big questions-as did the executive branch .
members of congress , however , also found their time spent on such everyday matters , or in looking back to [check out] mistakes , and often missed the big questions-as did the executive branch .

A maximum U.S. effort to investigate Moussaoui conceivably could have unearthed his connections to Binalshibh .
a maximum u.s. effort to [check out] moussaoui conceivably could have unearthed his connections to binalshibh .

Investigating the Attack Teams from the FBI , the Naval Criminal Investigative Service , and the CIA were immediately sent to Yemen to investigate the attack .
investigating the attack teams from the fbi , the naval criminal investigative service , and the cia were immediately sent to yemen to [check out] the attack .

The law directed us to investigate `` facts and circumstances relating to the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , '' including those relating to intelligence agencies , law enforcement agencies , diplomacy , immigration issues and border control , the flow of assets to terrorist organizations , commercial aviation , the role of congressional oversight and resource allocation , and other areas determined relevant by the Commission .
the law directed us to [check out] `` facts and circumstances relating to the terrorist attacks of september 11 , 2001 , '' including those relating to intelligence agencies , law enforcement agencies , diplomacy , immigration issues and border control , the flow of assets to terrorist organizations , commercial aviation , the role of congressional oversight and resource allocation , and other areas determined relevant by the commission .

Since officials at the borders encounter travelers and their documents first and investigate travel facilitators , they must work closely with intelligence officials .
since officials at the borders encounter travelers and their documents first and [check out] travel facilitators , they must work closely with intelligence officials .

The failure to find a primary radar return for American 77 led us to investigate this issue further .
the failure to find a primary radar return for american 77 led us to [check out] this issue further .

The availability of human neural progenitor cells allowed us to investigate whether inductive signals involved in normal pathways of islet development could direct these neural progenitors to develop into glucose-responsive IPCs .
the availability of human neural progenitor cells allowed us to [check out] whether inductive signals involved in normal pathways of islet development could direct these neural progenitors to develop into glucose-responsive ipcs .

To investigate whether RA could stimulate development of NS-derived cells toward an IPC fate , we measured expression of Pdx1 , Cdx1 , and FoxA3 , transcription factors that regulate gastrointestinal organ development [ 29,30 ] .
to [check out] whether ra could stimulate development of ns-derived cells toward an ipc fate , we measured expression of pdx1 , cdx1 , and foxa3 , transcription factors that regulate gastrointestinal organ development [ 29,30 ] .

Jones said that when he wanted to investigate these findings , he was shut down .
jones said that when he wanted to [check out] these findings , he was shut down .

In a new article published in PLoS Medicine , Lia van der Hoek and colleagues investigate the association of acute LRTIs with human coronavirus HCoV-NL63 , a virus they recently described .
in a new article published in plos medicine , lia van der hoek and colleagues [check out] the association of acute lrtis with human coronavirus hcov-nl63 , a virus they recently described .

It gives us the general direction that evolution has taken but not whether an ape brain is different because of its sensory , motor , or association areas. ” Scientists are also using other techniques to investigate more subtle changes in the organisation of the human brain compared to the brains of other mammals and primates .
it gives us the general direction that evolution has taken but not whether an ape brain is different because of its sensory , motor , or association areas. ” scientists are also using other techniques to [check out] more subtle changes in the organisation of the human brain compared to the brains of other mammals and primates .

Given the potential conflict between the two interests , we should continue to investigate possible technologic and/or policy solutions .
given the potential conflict between the two interests , we should continue to [check out] possible technologic and/or policy solutions .

We also need to investigate whether prolonged moderate activity is beneficial in the treatment of asthma and/or is “ anti-inflammatory. ” What is equally clear is that the current obsession of the medical profession with the pharmaceutical management of asthma ( as well as other lifestyle-related diseases ) does not address the reasons why the disease has become so common and so severe .
we also need to [check out] whether prolonged moderate activity is beneficial in the treatment of asthma and/or is “ anti-inflammatory. ” what is equally clear is that the current obsession of the medical profession with the pharmaceutical management of asthma ( as well as other lifestyle-related diseases ) does not address the reasons why the disease has become so common and so severe .

In this month 's PLoS Medicine , Arvind Bakhru and Thomas Erlinger investigate the association between smoking and smoking cessation and levels of inflammatory markers and cardiovascular risk factors .
in this month 's plos medicine , arvind bakhru and thomas erlinger [check out] the association between smoking and smoking cessation and levels of inflammatory markers and cardiovascular risk factors .

They also want to investigate how these organisms adapt to their environment .
they also want to [check out] how these organisms adapt to their environment .

To get a hook on which of the 10,000 or so T. pseudonana genes is important in silicon metabolism , Sussman is using microarrays to investigate how silicon concentrations affect gene expression patterns in the diatom .
to get a hook on which of the 10,000 or so t. pseudonana genes is important in silicon metabolism , sussman is using microarrays to [check out] how silicon concentrations affect gene expression patterns in the diatom .

Our primary objective was to investigate changes in C-reactive protein in an effort to characterize the excess cardiovascular risk associated with smoking and any associated decline in risk with smoking cessation .
our primary objective was to [check out] changes in c-reactive protein in an effort to characterize the excess cardiovascular risk associated with smoking and any associated decline in risk with smoking cessation .

These events encouraged the Trust to investigate the publication of scientific research , to see if there was anything research-funding organisations could be doing to stimulate change in what appears to be a failing market .
these events encouraged the trust to [check out] the publication of scientific research , to see if there was anything research-funding organisations could be doing to stimulate change in what appears to be a failing market .

For example , Geisler 's lab will use DNA chip technology to investigate gene expression patterns in zebrafish mutants and so provide increased knowledge of the regulatory pathways that act in zebrafish development .
for example , geisler 's lab will use dna chip technology to [check out] gene expression patterns in zebrafish mutants and so provide increased knowledge of the regulatory pathways that act in zebrafish development .

Consortium members will also use ‘ reverse genetics ’ to investigate these pathways .
consortium members will also use ‘ reverse genetics ’ to [check out] these pathways .

In reverse genetics , researchers start with a gene of interest and investigate the phenotypic effect of altering its activity ; by contrast , in ‘ forward genetics ’ the starting point is to look for a particular phenotype and then hunt out the altered gene that is causing it .
in reverse genetics , researchers start with a gene of interest and [check out] the phenotypic effect of altering its activity ; by contrast , in ‘ forward genetics ’ the starting point is to look for a particular phenotype and then hunt out the altered gene that is causing it .

In addition to an interest in exploring new ways to serve their members and their missions , societies have another compelling reason to investigate open access for their journals : the rapidly changing landscape of scholarly publishing .
in addition to an interest in exploring new ways to serve their members and their missions , societies have another compelling reason to [check out] open access for their journals : the rapidly changing landscape of scholarly publishing .

Vaccine-Elicited T Cells Have Varied Capacity to Lyse Melanoma Targets To confirm and further investigate the differences in tumor reactivity between endogenous and vaccine-elicited responses , we reasoned that analysis of a set of clonal CTL lines that represented the tetramer-positive population would provide an accurate estimate of the complexity of the TAA-specific T cell response in each patient .
vaccine-elicited t cells have varied capacity to lyse melanoma targets to confirm and further [check out] the differences in tumor reactivity between endogenous and vaccine-elicited responses , we reasoned that analysis of a set of clonal ctl lines that represented the tetramer-positive population would provide an accurate estimate of the complexity of the taa-specific t cell response in each patient .

The researchers now intend to investigate the antigens that drive the Th1-based inflammation that underlies emphysema .
the researchers now intend to [check out] the antigens that drive the th1-based inflammation that underlies emphysema .

This has led researchers to investigate new treatment options , including ways to boost immune responses to better control HIV .
this has led researchers to [check out] new treatment options , including ways to boost immune responses to better control hiv .

This landmark discovery , in part , encouraged many established taste researchers to investigate the molecular aspects of taste .
this landmark discovery , in part , encouraged many established taste researchers to [check out] the molecular aspects of taste .

Aiming to investigate how TNTs were linking cells , the authors performed scanning and transmission electron microscopy of TNTs .
aiming to [check out] how tnts were linking cells , the authors performed scanning and transmission electron microscopy of tnts .

Magnetoencephalography ( MEG ) is the method of choice to investigate fine-grained temporal sequence of brain activity .
magnetoencephalography ( meg ) is the method of choice to [check out] fine-grained temporal sequence of brain activity .

Consequently , MEG was used to investigate stutterers and fluent controls reading single words ( Salmelin et al .
consequently , meg was used to [check out] stutterers and fluent controls reading single words ( salmelin et al .

The first anatomical study to investigate this question used high-resolution MR scans and found abnormalities of speech–language areas ( Broca 's and Wernicke 's area ) ( Foundas et al .
the first anatomical study to [check out] this question used high-resolution mr scans and found abnormalities of speech–language areas ( broca 's and wernicke 's area ) ( foundas et al .

For these findings , the data are highly compelling and consistent and provide a solid foundation for the next generation of studies to investigate the mechanisms of the gene–phenotype connection .
for these findings , the data are highly compelling and consistent and provide a solid foundation for the next generation of studies to [check out] the mechanisms of the gene–phenotype connection .

To further investigate this possibility , we performed RT-PCR to generate cDNAs that spanned exon 20 of EGFR and included sequences from exon 19 and 21 .
to further [check out] this possibility , we performed rt-pcr to generate cdnas that spanned exon 20 of egfr and included sequences from exon 19 and 21 .

It would be interesting to investigate the applications of ordered arrays of dynamic VPL motors , since an array of such “ hinge ” structures may enable the coordinated linear movement of hundreds of tethered macromolecules in a synchronous manner .
it would be interesting to [check out] the applications of ordered arrays of dynamic vpl motors , since an array of such “ hinge ” structures may enable the coordinated linear movement of hundreds of tethered macromolecules in a synchronous manner .

One low cost/high value option would be for companies that have already tried a particular research direction to warn TDI if the collaboration was about to investigate a known dead end .
one low cost/high value option would be for companies that have already tried a particular research direction to warn tdi if the collaboration was about to [check out] a known dead end .

To investigate how the maximum number of challenges affected the statistical power , we plotted the power against C max for trials involving six and 12 animals per group ( Figure 3 ) .
to [check out] how the maximum number of challenges affected the statistical power , we plotted the power against c max for trials involving six and 12 animals per group ( figure 3 ) .

These more realistic choices of the route of infection and coreceptor usage will permit the assessment of the efficacy of the preventive intervention in a setting that more accurately reflects HIV exposures of humans , and will enable us to carefully investigate the processes that give rise to infection .
these more realistic choices of the route of infection and coreceptor usage will permit the assessment of the efficacy of the preventive intervention in a setting that more accurately reflects hiv exposures of humans , and will enable us to carefully [check out] the processes that give rise to infection .

We also encourage you to investigate and join your neighborhood Branch Friends group .
we also encourage you to [check out] and join your neighborhood branch friends group .

Call on the German Federal Prosecutor to Investigate Rumsfeld and Other U.S. Officials for War Crimes at Abu Ghraib The Center for Constitutional Rights and four Iraqis who were tortured in U.S. custody have filed a complaint with the German Federal Prosecutor 's Office against high ranking United States civilian and military commanders over the abuses at Abu Ghraib prison and elsewhere in Iraq .
call on the german federal prosecutor to [check out] rumsfeld and other u.s. officials for war crimes at abu ghraib the center for constitutional rights and four iraqis who were tortured in u.s. custody have filed a complaint with the german federal prosecutor 's office against high ranking united states civilian and military commanders over the abuses at abu ghraib prison and elsewhere in iraq .

The Washington Post leads with Washington , D.C. , officials ' decision to reopen two homicide cases and their pledge to revamp the city 's supervision of 150 group homes for the mentally disabled , all in response to a Sunday Post story revealing that in the nation 's capital , officials routinely do n't investigate the suspicious deaths of retarded people .
the washington post leads with washington , d.c. , officials ' decision to reopen two homicide cases and their pledge to revamp the city 's supervision of 150 group homes for the mentally disabled , all in response to a sunday post story revealing that in the nation 's capital , officials routinely do n't [check out] the suspicious deaths of retarded people .

The New York Times leads with Attorney General Janet Reno 's Tuesday deadline to announce whether she will appoint an independent counsel to investigate Al Gore 's role in questionable Democratic fundraising activities .
the new york times leads with attorney general janet reno 's tuesday deadline to announce whether she will appoint an independent counsel to [check out] al gore 's role in questionable democratic fundraising activities .

The inquiry has no deadline and has authority to investigate non-Lewinsky matters .
the inquiry has no deadline and has authority to [check out] non-lewinsky matters .

As if supporting the Times ' contention , the sentencing judge expressed doubt about Democratic officials assertions of ignorance concerning fund-raising abuses and said he was surprised that Janet Reno had not appointed a special prosecutor to investigate further .
as if supporting the times ' contention , the sentencing judge expressed doubt about democratic officials assertions of ignorance concerning fund-raising abuses and said he was surprised that janet reno had not appointed a special prosecutor to [check out] further .

Since it is now known that Tripp gave the Jones lawyers much of the information about Lewinsky they used to elicit Clinton 's problematic statements during his deposition , the LAT wonders : `` Did Starr help to pave the way for Clinton to commit the alleged perjury that his prosecutors then proceeded to investigate ? ''
since it is now known that tripp gave the jones lawyers much of the information about lewinsky they used to elicit clinton 's problematic statements during his deposition , the lat wonders : `` did starr help to pave the way for clinton to commit the alleged perjury that his prosecutors then proceeded to [check out] ? ''

Both Times leads state that under the New Jersey profiling deal , the state police will report to a federal monitor who will have broad powers to investigate virtually any police function and who will track the cops ' patterns of arrests and traffic stops to make sure that minorities are not being singled out .
both times leads state that under the new jersey profiling deal , the state police will report to a federal monitor who will have broad powers to [check out] virtually any police function and who will track the cops ' patterns of arrests and traffic stops to make sure that minorities are not being singled out .

Meanwhile , Yugoslavia refused to let a U.N. war crimes official into the country to investigate the massacre .
meanwhile , yugoslavia refused to let a u.n. war crimes official into the country to [check out] the massacre .

Yes , I know that there is no definite proof that Justice Thomas lied under oath to the Senate subcommittee when he said that Anita Hill 's allegations were false , but if the Republican House believes that felony perjury is impeachable , are n't they obliged to thoroughly investigate the possibility that Thomas lied ?
yes , i know that there is no definite proof that justice thomas lied under oath to the senate subcommittee when he said that anita hill 's allegations were false , but if the republican house believes that felony perjury is impeachable , are n't they obliged to thoroughly [check out] the possibility that thomas lied ?

Despite U.S. State Department intervention , Serbia denied visas to a delegation assigned by Human Rights Watch to investigate the suppression of academic freedom in that country .
despite u.s. state department intervention , serbia denied visas to a delegation assigned by human rights watch to [check out] the suppression of academic freedom in that country .

He got the House to investigate charges of bribery involving his rivals Pomeroy and Clarke -- which in fact turned up some damning evidence against them .
he got the house to [check out] charges of bribery involving his rivals pomeroy and clarke -- which in fact turned up some damning evidence against them .

The Justice Department is examining whether Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr 's prosecutors misled the DOJ a year ago when they sought approval to investigate the Monica Lewinsky affair , according to the New York Times .
the justice department is examining whether independent counsel kenneth starr 's prosecutors misled the doj a year ago when they sought approval to [check out] the monica lewinsky affair , according to the new york times .

An independent counsel to investigate President Clinton ?
an independent counsel to [check out] president clinton ?

This caveat has a countercaveat : The prospect of future punishments gives you an incentive to investigate the corporation 's history before you buy , which improves the chance that bad behavior can be uncovered while the actual perpetrators can still be punished .
this caveat has a countercaveat : the prospect of future punishments gives you an incentive to [check out] the corporation 's history before you buy , which improves the chance that bad behavior can be uncovered while the actual perpetrators can still be punished .

Sooner or later she 's going to have to investigate the `` whys '' within herself for her attraction to them .
sooner or later she 's going to have to [check out] the `` whys '' within herself for her attraction to them .

Either way , Greenspan asked the FBI to investigate the breach of security .
either way , greenspan asked the fbi to [check out] the breach of security .

Attorney General Janet Reno rejected a Republican request for an independent counsel to investigate Democratic fund raising .
attorney general janet reno rejected a republican request for an independent counsel to [check out] democratic fund raising .

His liberal critics , on the other hand , over Starr 's no-win dilemma : He must investigate his own chief witness -- a course that would invite all kinds of political fusillades -- or turn the process over to Janet Reno 's internal investigators .
his liberal critics , on the other hand , over starr 's no-win dilemma : he must [check out] his own chief witness -- a course that would invite all kinds of political fusillades -- or turn the process over to janet reno 's internal investigators .

Starr is using his subpoena power to investigate anti-Starr leaks from the Clinton camp .
starr is using his subpoena power to [check out] anti-starr leaks from the clinton camp .

You hear things and you pass them on to reporters so that they might investigate .
you hear things and you pass them on to reporters so that they might [check out] .

Sometimes people do n't investigate the way they should . ''
sometimes people do n't [check out] the way they should . ''

Rep. Peter Hoekstra , R.-Mich. , the chairman of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce ( formally Education and Labor Committee ) subcommittee on investigations hired the pair in October to investigate corruption in the Teamsters election , including allegations of involvement by the Democratic National Committee .
rep. peter hoekstra , r.-mich. , the chairman of the house committee on education and the workforce ( formally education and labor committee ) subcommittee on investigations hired the pair in october to [check out] corruption in the teamsters election , including allegations of involvement by the democratic national committee .

Starr himself could be fired by the attorney general -- who , if she is n't worried about setting in motion an infinite regression , could name an independent counsel to investigate the independent counsel .
starr himself could be fired by the attorney general -- who , if she is n't worried about setting in motion an infinite regression , could name an independent counsel to [check out] the independent counsel .

If General Electric is selling an unsafe toaster , we have a Consumer Product Safety Commission with jurisdiction to investigate , regulate , and litigate .
if general electric is selling an unsafe toaster , we have a consumer product safety commission with jurisdiction to [check out] , regulate , and litigate .

In Israel , Ha'aretz defended the police against charges that they are biased against the right because they rushed to investigate corruption allegations against former Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
in israel , ha'aretz defended the police against charges that they are biased against the right because they rushed to [check out] corruption allegations against former prime minister benjamin netanyahu .

Reno has appointed independent counsels to investigate six of her fellow Cabinet members and her president , and has overseen innumerable internal Justice investigations of administration corruption .
reno has appointed independent counsels to [check out] six of her fellow cabinet members and her president , and has overseen innumerable internal justice investigations of administration corruption .

Africa News reports that the government has ordered universities to eradicate the cults and established a commission to investigate cult activity and the inaction by universities .
africa news reports that the government has ordered universities to eradicate the cults and established a commission to [check out] cult activity and the inaction by universities .

The Jakarta Post focused on the proposed establishment of an international tribunal to investigate `` the alleged involvement of the Indonesian military in very serious human rights violations in East Timor . ''
the jakarta post focused on the proposed establishment of an international tribunal to [check out] `` the alleged involvement of the indonesian military in very serious human rights violations in east timor . ''

Brookhaven has convened a committee to investigate the danger .
brookhaven has convened a committee to [check out] the danger .

In an interview , the authorized biographer concedes that he did n't investigate thoroughly : `` Arthur Schlesinger once told me that he had dirt on Reagan buried in his filing system .
in an interview , the authorized biographer concedes that he did n't [check out] thoroughly : `` arthur schlesinger once told me that he had dirt on reagan buried in his filing system .

Scholars will investigate a range of subjects including techno music and globalization , avarice in the late middle ages and Renaissance , and African-Americans and foreign affairs .
scholars will [check out] a range of subjects including techno music and globalization , avarice in the late middle ages and renaissance , and african-americans and foreign affairs .

While pedestrian reporters investigate the disaster , pundits debate the more entertaining question : Why does this keep happening to the Kennedys ?
while pedestrian reporters [check out] the disaster , pundits debate the more entertaining question : why does this keep happening to the kennedys ?

As a prosecutor who uses testimony compelled by subpoena to investigate white-collar crime , I was dismayed to read Akhil Reed Amar 's proposal , in `` Right and Huang , '' to alter the meaning of immunity to allow for the fruits of immunized testimony to be used against a criminal defendant .
as a prosecutor who uses testimony compelled by subpoena to [check out] white-collar crime , i was dismayed to read akhil reed amar 's proposal , in `` right and huang , '' to alter the meaning of immunity to allow for the fruits of immunized testimony to be used against a criminal defendant .

Are we using it to investigate the Jews ?
are we using it to [check out] the jews ?

If you want to help preserve American military integrity I suggest you investigate Hack 's charges instead of shooting ( at ) the messenger .
if you want to help preserve american military integrity i suggest you [check out] hack 's charges instead of shooting ( at ) the messenger .

Attorney General Janet Reno asked a court for 60 more days to decide whether to seek the appointment of an independent counsel to investigate former Clinton aide Harold Ickes in the campaign finance scandal .
attorney general janet reno asked a court for 60 more days to decide whether to seek the appointment of an independent counsel to [check out] former clinton aide harold ickes in the campaign finance scandal .

This comes after Reno decided not to seek an independent counsel to investigate whether Vice President Al Gore violated fund-raising laws in the 1996 campaign .
this comes after reno decided not to seek an independent counsel to [check out] whether vice president al gore violated fund-raising laws in the 1996 campaign .

Later , when he sought approval to investigate the Lewinsky affair , should he have disclosed that his law firm had been contacted to represent Jones and that he had spoken to Jones ' attorneys several times about constitutional aspects of their case ?
later , when he sought approval to [check out] the lewinsky affair , should he have disclosed that his law firm had been contacted to represent jones and that he had spoken to jones ' attorneys several times about constitutional aspects of their case ?

Even the right-wing newspaper ABC defended the right of the two Spanish judges who are seeking his extradition from Britain to Spain to investigate the fate of Spanish citizens who disappeared in Chile during his presidency .
even the right-wing newspaper abc defended the right of the two spanish judges who are seeking his extradition from britain to spain to [check out] the fate of spanish citizens who disappeared in chile during his presidency .

Vice President Al Gore , House Majority Leader Dick Gephardt , and Democratic Party officials equated the ads with previous efforts to `` investigate '' and `` impeach '' Clinton over his `` sex life . ''
vice president al gore , house majority leader dick gephardt , and democratic party officials equated the ads with previous efforts to `` [check out] '' and `` impeach '' clinton over his `` sex life . ''

Democrats would like to investigate Linda Tripp 's encouragement of the alleged quid pro quo in which Monica Lewinsky supposedly secured help in her job search in exchange for submitting a false affidavit denying her affair with Clinton .
democrats would like to [check out] linda tripp 's encouragement of the alleged quid pro quo in which monica lewinsky supposedly secured help in her job search in exchange for submitting a false affidavit denying her affair with clinton .

They 'd like to investigate Tripp 's taping of Lewinsky as well as Starr 's use of those tapes to launch his investigation .
they 'd like to [check out] tripp 's taping of lewinsky as well as starr 's use of those tapes to launch his investigation .

Justice Department officials predict that an independent counsel will be named to investigate Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt .
justice department officials predict that an independent counsel will be named to [check out] interior secretary bruce babbitt .

Republicans are turning up the heat on Attorney General Janet Reno for failing to appoint an independent counsel to investigate the Democratic fund-raising scandal .
republicans are turning up the heat on attorney general janet reno for failing to appoint an independent counsel to [check out] the democratic fund-raising scandal .

House Speaker Newt Gingrich compared Reno to Nixon henchman John Mitchell , and threatened to summon her before Congress and investigate whether she was involved .
house speaker newt gingrich compared reno to nixon henchman john mitchell , and threatened to summon her before congress and [check out] whether she was involved .

American officials are trying to get Sayegh deported to the United States for questioning , thereby circumventing Saudi investigators who have frustrated the efforts of U.S. law-enforcement agents to investigate the bombing .
american officials are trying to get sayegh deported to the united states for questioning , thereby circumventing saudi investigators who have frustrated the efforts of u.s. law-enforcement agents to [check out] the bombing .

The casino episode is seen as a prime candidate for triggering an independent counsel , who could then investigate everything else .
the casino episode is seen as a prime candidate for triggering an independent counsel , who could then [check out] everything else .

Republicans are turning up the heat on Attorney General Janet Reno for failing to appoint an independent counsel to investigate the Democratic fund-raising scandal .
republicans are turning up the heat on attorney general janet reno for failing to appoint an independent counsel to [check out] the democratic fund-raising scandal .

House Speaker Newt Gingrich compared Reno to Nixon henchman John Mitchell , and threatened to summon her before Congress and investigate whether she was involved .
house speaker newt gingrich compared reno to nixon henchman john mitchell , and threatened to summon her before congress and [check out] whether she was involved .

Any New Yorker subscriber who did n't realize that Blumenthal was massively ego-invested in the Clintons ' success just was n't paying attention ... Chatterbox hopes this stout defense wo n't stop Blumenthal from ordering the Clinton critic-intimidation team to investigate Chatterbox 's private life .
any new yorker subscriber who did n't realize that blumenthal was massively ego-invested in the clintons ' success just was n't paying attention ... chatterbox hopes this stout defense wo n't stop blumenthal from ordering the clinton critic-intimidation team to [check out] chatterbox 's private life .

The piece claims that China has successfully devised a new espionage strategy that can `` consistently defeat our ability to investigate or prosecute spying offenses . ''
the piece claims that china has successfully devised a new espionage strategy that can `` consistently defeat our ability to [check out] or prosecute spying offenses . ''

She probably wo n't appoint an independent counsel to investigate Clinton and Gore .
she probably wo n't appoint an independent counsel to [check out] clinton and gore .

Even so , he landed subsequent jobs as a paramedic and a medical resident ( hospitals did n't thoroughly investigate his background ) .
even so , he landed subsequent jobs as a paramedic and a medical resident ( hospitals did n't thoroughly [check out] his background ) .

These laws , which allowed Paula Jones ' lawyers to investigate Clinton 's sexual history , were never fair .
these laws , which allowed paula jones ' lawyers to [check out] clinton 's sexual history , were never fair .

He recruited Sen. Al D'Amato to hold hearings on Swiss misdeeds , persuaded the Clinton administration to investigate , and eventually forced the Swiss to pony up $ 7 billion to compensate Jewish victims .
he recruited sen. al d'amato to hold hearings on swiss misdeeds , persuaded the clinton administration to [check out] , and eventually forced the swiss to pony up $ 7 billion to compensate jewish victims .

A do-gooder for the end of the millennium , Templeton pays professors to promote conservative values , universities to build character , and researchers to investigate the connections between faith and science .
a do-gooder for the end of the millennium , templeton pays professors to promote conservative values , universities to build character , and researchers to [check out] the connections between faith and science .

The WSJ and USAT report Energy Secretary Bill Richardson 's recommendation that three Los Alamos officials be punished for their failure to properly investigate espionage allegations against fired employee Wen Ho Lee .
the wsj and usat report energy secretary bill richardson 's recommendation that three los alamos officials be punished for their failure to properly [check out] espionage allegations against fired employee wen ho lee .

It will ignore not only Travelgate , Filegate , and Vince Foster , topics he has spent years and millions studying , but also Whitewater , the scandal he was appointed to investigate lo these many years ago .
it will ignore not only travelgate , filegate , and vince foster , topics he has spent years and millions studying , but also whitewater , the scandal he was appointed to [check out] lo these many years ago .

They intend to set up a special commission to investigate all the accusations against the president , and there will be no time limit on its operations , it added .
they intend to set up a special commission to [check out] all the accusations against the president , and there will be no time limit on its operations , it added .

The LAT lead describes how Republican leaders are intensifying their drive to get Janet Reno to appoint an independent counsel to investigate Clinton 's alleged campaign-fund soliciting .
the lat lead describes how republican leaders are intensifying their drive to get janet reno to appoint an independent counsel to [check out] clinton 's alleged campaign-fund soliciting .

Everybody 's lead is Janet Reno 's decision not to appoint an independent counsel to investigate campaign fund-raising calls allegedly made by President Clinton and Vice-President Gore .
everybody 's lead is janet reno 's decision not to appoint an independent counsel to [check out] campaign fund-raising calls allegedly made by president clinton and vice-president gore .

Indeed , the Los Angeles Times accompanies its Reno story with an off-lead piece reporting that the DOJ continues to investigate the major fund-raisers on the other end of the phone .
indeed , the los angeles times accompanies its reno story with an off-lead piece reporting that the doj continues to [check out] the major fund-raisers on the other end of the phone .

All three majors working the weekend agree on today 's lead : the decision by Janet Reno to begin the investigative process that could result in appointing an independent counsel to investigate President Clinton 's 1996 election fund-raising activities .
all three majors working the weekend agree on today 's lead : the decision by janet reno to begin the investigative process that could result in appointing an independent counsel to [check out] president clinton 's 1996 election fund-raising activities .

The Times reports that while deciding to go forward on Gore , Reno rejected the need for an independent counsel to investigate Bill Clinton 's White House coffees and Lincoln Bedroom-visit arrangements .
the times reports that while deciding to go forward on gore , reno rejected the need for an independent counsel to [check out] bill clinton 's white house coffees and lincoln bedroom-visit arrangements .

The NYT reports that a surprising witness appeared before a NYC City Council hearing on police reform : former NYPD whistleblowing cop Frank Serpico , who called for an independent police monitoring board to investigate police wrongdoing and `` create an atmosphere where the crooked cop fears the honest cop , and not the other way around . ''
the nyt reports that a surprising witness appeared before a nyc city council hearing on police reform : former nypd whistleblowing cop frank serpico , who called for an independent police monitoring board to [check out] police wrongdoing and `` create an atmosphere where the crooked cop fears the honest cop , and not the other way around . ''

Federal officials are planning to investigate whether the alleged misdeeds are `` pattern and practice '' on the force .
federal officials are planning to [check out] whether the alleged misdeeds are `` pattern and practice '' on the force .

Instead of love at first sight , Lidie 's romance with cold , fussy Thomas is slow and confusing , and halfway through the book , just as she 's prepared to investigate the possibility that they 're in love , he 's suddenly murdered .
instead of love at first sight , lidie 's romance with cold , fussy thomas is slow and confusing , and halfway through the book , just as she 's prepared to [check out] the possibility that they 're in love , he 's suddenly murdered .

It also suggests that the real riddle -- and one that O'Shea and Madigan do n't thoroughly investigate -- is why companies call in management consultants to begin with .
it also suggests that the real riddle -- and one that o'shea and madigan do n't thoroughly [check out] -- is why companies call in management consultants to begin with .

He begins to investigate why the homeless man was so angry at Brock 's former law firm and uncovers -- as have many Grisham protagonists before him -- a dirty little secret that his firm has tried to cover up .
he begins to [check out] why the homeless man was so angry at brock 's former law firm and uncovers -- as have many grisham protagonists before him -- a dirty little secret that his firm has tried to cover up .

No , that 's actually what Reno is supposed to investigate .
no , that 's actually what reno is supposed to [check out] .

Attorney General Janet Reno 's refusal to appoint an independent counsel to investigate Clinton , Gore , or Hazel O'Leary -- over the objections of FBI Director Louis Freeh -- was Topic 1 on the weekend shows .
attorney general janet reno 's refusal to appoint an independent counsel to [check out] clinton , gore , or hazel o'leary -- over the objections of fbi director louis freeh -- was topic 1 on the weekend shows .

The weekend 's final consensus was that Reno and Freeh and the White House would all clash again , but that an independent counsel would be appointed to investigate Secretary of the Interior Bruce Babbitt , and the investigation would come back to haunt Clinton and Gore , because independent-counsel investigations `` spread like cancer '' ( Hume ) .
the weekend 's final consensus was that reno and freeh and the white house would all clash again , but that an independent counsel would be appointed to [check out] secretary of the interior bruce babbitt , and the investigation would come back to haunt clinton and gore , because independent-counsel investigations `` spread like cancer '' ( hume ) .

Issue 1 was Janet Reno 's decision whether to appoint an independent counsel to investigate Clinton 's and Gore 's fund-raising phone calls .
issue 1 was janet reno 's decision whether to appoint an independent counsel to [check out] clinton 's and gore 's fund-raising phone calls .

Susan Page ( CNN 's Late Edition ) expressed the consensus that such a decision will set off `` World War III between congressional Republicans and the White House , '' and that Reno will surely appoint an independent counsel to investigate the alleged link between campaign contributions and Secretary of the Interior Bruce Babbitt 's rejection of an Indian casino license .
susan page ( cnn 's late edition ) expressed the consensus that such a decision will set off `` world war iii between congressional republicans and the white house , '' and that reno will surely appoint an independent counsel to [check out] the alleged link between campaign contributions and secretary of the interior bruce babbitt 's rejection of an indian casino license .

Once authorized , that independent counsel will follow the money back to the White House and investigate the phone calls anyway , Page explained .
once authorized , that independent counsel will follow the money back to the white house and [check out] the phone calls anyway , page explained .

Paul Gigot ( PBS 's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ) says that the Blumenthal subpoena achieved the near impossible by making `` Sid Vicious '' a sympathetic character , adding , `` you ca n't investigate the press '' and hope to come out on top .
paul gigot ( pbs 's newshour with jim lehrer ) says that the blumenthal subpoena achieved the near impossible by making `` sid vicious '' a sympathetic character , adding , `` you ca n't [check out] the press '' and hope to come out on top .

Seven times a cheerful Begala refuses to answer , chattering on about the need to `` investigate the investigators '' and fuming unconvincingly about `` leaks and lies '' ( see Emanuel , above ) .
seven times a cheerful begala refuses to answer , chattering on about the need to `` [check out] the investigators '' and fuming unconvincingly about `` leaks and lies '' ( see emanuel , above ) .

The Nixon parallels continue on NBC 's Meet the Press , where Joe diGenova faces off with Clinton spinner Lanny Davis , demanding that the president confess to having hired private dicks to investigate private citizens ( including himself and his law-partner wife ) .
the nixon parallels continue on nbc 's meet the press , where joe digenova faces off with clinton spinner lanny davis , demanding that the president confess to having hired private dicks to [check out] private citizens ( including himself and his law-partner wife ) .

Attorney General Janet Reno 's decision to appoint an independent counsel to investigate Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt is Issue 3 .
attorney general janet reno 's decision to appoint an independent counsel to [check out] interior secretary bruce babbitt is issue 3 .

Liberal Al Hunt ( Capital Gang ) frames the weekend 's dull center , imploring Janet Reno to get to the bottom of Chinagate by appointing an independent counsel to investigate campaign-finance violations .
liberal al hunt ( capital gang ) frames the weekend 's dull center , imploring janet reno to get to the bottom of chinagate by appointing an independent counsel to [check out] campaign-finance violations .

Perhaps sensing that Loughrin could use a little time away from the story , the Star hired former New York City police detective Bo Dietl to investigate JonBenet 's death .
perhaps sensing that loughrin could use a little time away from the story , the star hired former new york city police detective bo dietl to [check out] jonbenet 's death .

An editorial suggests that Attorney General Janet Reno be impeached for not appointing an independent counsel to investigate campaign fund raising .
an editorial suggests that attorney general janet reno be impeached for not appointing an independent counsel to [check out] campaign fund raising .

The paper would report the real news about economic inequality , farm workers , and health care , zealously investigate corporate executives , and open its editorial pages to the likes of Cornel West , Molly Ivins , and Robert Kuttner .
the paper would report the real news about economic inequality , farm workers , and health care , zealously [check out] corporate executives , and open its editorial pages to the likes of cornel west , molly ivins , and robert kuttner .

The `` TRB '' column calls for the appointment of an independent counsel to investigate the Democratic fund-raising scandal .
the `` trb '' column calls for the appointment of an independent counsel to [check out] the democratic fund-raising scandal .

Everybody 's off-lead is Janet Reno 's decision to seek the appointment of an independent counsel to investigate allegations that Labor Secretary Alexis Herman peddled influence and was involved in an illegal campaign contribution scheme .
everybody 's off-lead is janet reno 's decision to seek the appointment of an independent counsel to [check out] allegations that labor secretary alexis herman peddled influence and was involved in an illegal campaign contribution scheme .

The Post notes that one such person Starr may investigate is a Democratic fund-raiser who may have called and met with Willey .
the post notes that one such person starr may [check out] is a democratic fund-raiser who may have called and met with willey .

The NYT 's lead editorial says that Newt Gingrich 's decision to investigate the export of sensitive technology to China under the Clinton administration is `` right beyond argument . ''
the nyt 's lead editorial says that newt gingrich 's decision to [check out] the export of sensitive technology to china under the clinton administration is `` right beyond argument . ''

USA Today and the Los Angeles Times lead with Janet Reno 's decision to ask that one be appointed to investigate if Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt 's decision to reject a casino application opposed by major Democratic party contributors had any connection to subsequent donations they made .
usa today and the los angeles times lead with janet reno 's decision to ask that one be appointed to [check out] if interior secretary bruce babbitt 's decision to reject a casino application opposed by major democratic party contributors had any connection to subsequent donations they made .

Our grandchildren may look back at this as the year when the branch of the Cabinet known as Special Prosecutions started on its way to becoming the largest single entity in the federal government ( Motto : `` The Purpose of Government is to Investigate Government '' ) .
our grandchildren may look back at this as the year when the branch of the cabinet known as special prosecutions started on its way to becoming the largest single entity in the federal government ( motto : `` the purpose of government is to [check out] government '' ) .

The Justice Department and Kenneth Starr are battling over who should investigate whether or not some of conservative money-man Richard Mellon Scaife 's dough ended up being paid to Starr witness David Hale to influence his Whitewater testimony against Bill Clinton .
the justice department and kenneth starr are battling over who should [check out] whether or not some of conservative money-man richard mellon scaife 's dough ended up being paid to starr witness david hale to influence his whitewater testimony against bill clinton .

Meanwhile , reports the NYT , the new publisher of The American Spectator , Terry Eastland , is trying to find out what became of the nearly $ 2 million in Scaife grants to investigate Clinton the magazine received .
meanwhile , reports the nyt , the new publisher of the american spectator , terry eastland , is trying to find out what became of the nearly $ 2 million in scaife grants to [check out] clinton the magazine received .

Time for public-policy journalists , especially on the right , to investigate these complications .
time for public-policy journalists , especially on the right , to [check out] these complications .

In that case , a lawyer is free to investigate more or less whatever catches his fancy , for as long as he likes , spending as much of the public 's money as he deems necessary .
in that case , a lawyer is free to [check out] more or less whatever catches his fancy , for as long as he likes , spending as much of the public 's money as he deems necessary .

In his new book rehashing the Lewinsky scandal , Jeffrey Toobin is disgusted by the `` fixation on the personal '' that leads journalists and others to investigate `` the private lives of public people . ''
in his new book rehashing the lewinsky scandal , jeffrey toobin is disgusted by the `` fixation on the personal '' that leads journalists and others to [check out] `` the private lives of public people . ''

Chatterbox is especially perplexed by Benetton 's reluctance to investigate -- even inquire about -- the guilt or innocence of these death-row inmates .
chatterbox is especially perplexed by benetton 's reluctance to [check out] -- even inquire about -- the guilt or innocence of these death-row inmates .

Much of the press around the world covered the calling in of the FBI to investigate the crash of EgyptAir Flight 990 off the coast of Massachusetts in which 217 people died .
much of the press around the world covered the calling in of the fbi to [check out] the crash of egyptair flight 990 off the coast of massachusetts in which 217 people died .

Nemeth promised to investigate the motel in question .
nemeth promised to [check out] the motel in question .

Researchers from Berkeley and Columbia University will investigate the global distribution of human organs and look into urban legends , such as the one in which a drugged party-goer wakes up in a bath of ice water with his kidneys extracted .
researchers from berkeley and columbia university will [check out] the global distribution of human organs and look into urban legends , such as the one in which a drugged party-goer wakes up in a bath of ice water with his kidneys extracted .

Washington plays a recently paralyzed forensics expert who uses Jolie , a rookie cop , as his proxy to investigate a series of exceptionally grisly murders .
washington plays a recently paralyzed forensics expert who uses jolie , a rookie cop , as his proxy to [check out] a series of exceptionally grisly murders .

A much faster , cheaper , and more accurate way might be to investigate whether Aldrich Ames offered his customers a bargain .
a much faster , cheaper , and more accurate way might be to [check out] whether aldrich ames offered his customers a bargain .

The NYT leads with Clinton 's decision to dispatch federal officials to all 50 states to determine whether states have improperly excluded people from Medicaid , and to investigate the surprising underutilization of the Children 's Health Insurance Program .
the nyt leads with clinton 's decision to dispatch federal officials to all 50 states to determine whether states have improperly excluded people from medicaid , and to [check out] the surprising underutilization of the children 's health insurance program .

Anyway , today 's Examiner piece reveals that the FBI has now expanded to investigate various potential developments on the San Francisco waterfront .
anyway , today 's examiner piece reveals that the fbi has now expanded to [check out] various potential developments on the san francisco waterfront .

Another aspect of our future that he mentions , but fails to really investigate , is his criticism of `` groups '' ( `` blacks , '' hippies , women , etc . )
another aspect of our future that he mentions , but fails to really [check out] , is his criticism of `` groups '' ( `` blacks , '' hippies , women , etc . )

George Pataki , R-N.Y. , said he will ask the state athletic commission to investigate the fight .
george pataki , r-n.y. , said he will ask the state athletic commission to [check out] the fight .

I did n't investigate running Windows software under a Linux Windows-emulator , mostly because I already have Windows on my system to run Windows software .
i did n't [check out] running windows software under a linux windows-emulator , mostly because i already have windows on my system to run windows software .

The Federal government will investigate the marketing of violent entertainment to children .
the federal government will [check out] the marketing of violent entertainment to children .

In Canada , the conservative National Post accused Janet Reno of `` dereliction of duty '' for failing to investigate China 's theft of a half-century 's worth of nuclear secrets from Los Alamos , N.M. , `` the most damaging case of spying against the United States since the Rosenbergs passed along the atomic bomb to the Soviet Union . ''
in canada , the conservative national post accused janet reno of `` dereliction of duty '' for failing to [check out] china 's theft of a half-century 's worth of nuclear secrets from los alamos , n.m. , `` the most damaging case of spying against the united states since the rosenbergs passed along the atomic bomb to the soviet union . ''

It looks as if Reno chose not to investigate all this `` on the old principle : 'if something smells bad , why put your nose in it ? '
it looks as if reno chose not to [check out] all this `` on the old principle : 'if something smells bad , why put your nose in it ? '

The PCC said it would investigate .
the pcc said it would [check out] .

The regs would have required that banks determine customers ' sources of funds , create client profiles based on transaction patterns , monitor accounts for deviations , investigate irregularities , and report unexplained activities to federal authorities .
the regs would have required that banks determine customers ' sources of funds , create client profiles based on transaction patterns , monitor accounts for deviations , [check out] irregularities , and report unexplained activities to federal authorities .

Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr invited the Justice Department to investigate his spokesman for leaking and lying to investigators .
independent counsel kenneth starr invited the justice department to [check out] his spokesman for leaking and lying to investigators .

Republicans and the media demand to know why U.S. security was lax and why the Clinton administration did n't recognize , admit , or aggressively investigate the problem when the first signs of trouble appeared in 1995 .
republicans and the media demand to know why u.s. security was lax and why the clinton administration did n't recognize , admit , or aggressively [check out] the problem when the first signs of trouble appeared in 1995 .

They added $ 10 million to the legislation for customs to investigate Internet kiddie porn traffickers .
they added $ 10 million to the legislation for customs to [check out] internet kiddie porn traffickers .

Albanian papers highlighted President Rexhep Meidani 's appeal for international help in dealing with the vast influx of refugees and the establishment of a judicial task force in Albania to investigate Serb atrocities against the Kosovars .
albanian papers highlighted president rexhep meidani 's appeal for international help in dealing with the vast influx of refugees and the establishment of a judicial task force in albania to [check out] serb atrocities against the kosovars .

It appears likely that an independent counsel will be appointed to investigate Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt 's handling of the affair .
it appears likely that an independent counsel will be appointed to [check out] interior secretary bruce babbitt 's handling of the affair .

One of the National Party 's main grievances is the Truth and Reconciliation Commission impaneled by the government to investigate political violence from the apartheid era .
one of the national party 's main grievances is the truth and reconciliation commission impaneled by the government to [check out] political violence from the apartheid era .

On Dec. 21 , 1994 , Lamberth dismissed the suit against the government , but he asked U.S. Attorney Eric Holder ( now deputy attorney general ) to investigate whether Magaziner should be held in criminal contempt for supplying false information in his affidavit , filed March 3 , 1993 .
on dec. 21 , 1994 , lamberth dismissed the suit against the government , but he asked u.s. attorney eric holder ( now deputy attorney general ) to [check out] whether magaziner should be held in criminal contempt for supplying false information in his affidavit , filed march 3 , 1993 .

Hale 's testimony helped persuade Janet Reno to appoint an independent counsel -- first Robert Fiske , then Starr -- to investigate .
hale 's testimony helped persuade janet reno to appoint an independent counsel -- first robert fiske , then starr -- to [check out] .

This is the scenario implied by U.S. Deputy Attorney General Eric Holder , who suggested that the Justice Department , rather than a biased independent counsel , should investigate Baitgate .
this is the scenario implied by u.s. deputy attorney general eric holder , who suggested that the justice department , rather than a biased independent counsel , should [check out] baitgate .

In 1994 , the U.N. Security Council set up a tribunal in Arusha , Tanzania , to investigate the mass murders in Rwanda .
in 1994 , the u.n. security council set up a tribunal in arusha , tanzania , to [check out] the mass murders in rwanda .

During the '40s and '50s , families also firmed up relationships with urban political machines ( New York City politicians openly sought their support ) , police departments , and the FBI ( J. Edgar Hoover denied the existence of the Mafia and refused to investigate it ) .
during the '40s and '50s , families also firmed up relationships with urban political machines ( new york city politicians openly sought their support ) , police departments , and the fbi ( j. edgar hoover denied the existence of the mafia and refused to [check out] it ) .

Before Hoover 's death , the FBI did not aggressively investigate the Mafia .
before hoover 's death , the fbi did not aggressively [check out] the mafia .

Following the October 1987 Black Monday stock-market crash , a presidential task force was convened to investigate the crash 's causes and suggest remedies that would prevent a repeat performance .
following the october 1987 black monday stock-market crash , a presidential task force was convened to [check out] the crash 's causes and suggest remedies that would prevent a repeat performance .

It 's hard to know what there is to investigate .
it 's hard to know what there is to [check out] .

The basic logic of this institution is : An administration should not be trusted to investigate itself .
the basic logic of this institution is : an administration should not be trusted to [check out] itself .

We did investigate these complaints , and it turned out that our server computers were sending jars and jars of cookies we did n't need .
we did [check out] these complaints , and it turned out that our server computers were sending jars and jars of cookies we did n't need .

Second , Starr suggested the Justice Department could not credibly investigate the Hale allegations because of two conflicts of interest : the threat posed by Hale to Clinton , and DOJ 's efforts to prevent Secret Service officials from giving testimony sought by Starr .
second , starr suggested the justice department could not credibly [check out] the hale allegations because of two conflicts of interest : the threat posed by hale to clinton , and doj 's efforts to prevent secret service officials from giving testimony sought by starr .

Speaker Gingrich says he will create a special committee to investigate the Chinese money scandal .
speaker gingrich says he will create a special committee to [check out] the chinese money scandal .

Arriving to investigate , he finds them standing around a campfire , chatting .
arriving to [check out] , he finds them standing around a campfire , chatting .

This particular brand of sexual doublespeak has been remarked upon before , most famously by the late French historian Michel Foucault , who , in his History of Sexuality ( published in English in 1978 ) , put forth his unexpected `` repressive hypothesis '' : Those supposedly tight-lipped Victorians , in the course of devising rules to regulate sex and the sciences that investigate its perversions , in fact talked and wrote more about sex than anyone before them .
this particular brand of sexual doublespeak has been remarked upon before , most famously by the late french historian michel foucault , who , in his history of sexuality ( published in english in 1978 ) , put forth his unexpected `` repressive hypothesis '' : those supposedly tight-lipped victorians , in the course of devising rules to regulate sex and the sciences that [check out] its perversions , in fact talked and wrote more about sex than anyone before them .

The bank 's initial reaction had been to investigate the watchman , Christoph Meili , for violating Swiss banking secrecy rules .
the bank 's initial reaction had been to [check out] the watchman , christoph meili , for violating swiss banking secrecy rules .

The paper mentions a mysterious object in the landing area that scientists are anxious to investigate with the rover , and quotes mission team member Dr. Peter Smith as saying that it `` appeared to be something long , dark and shaped a little like a couch .
the paper mentions a mysterious object in the landing area that scientists are anxious to [check out] with the rover , and quotes mission team member dr. peter smith as saying that it `` appeared to be something long , dark and shaped a little like a couch .

USA Today leads with the latest news in the death of the princess -- the decision by French authorities to investigate six photographers to see if they committed involuntary homicide or violated France 's Good Samaritan law , and the revelation that a new round of toxicology revealed that Diana 's driver was even more alcohol-impaired than originally reported .
usa today leads with the latest news in the death of the princess -- the decision by french authorities to [check out] six photographers to see if they committed involuntary homicide or violated france 's good samaritan law , and the revelation that a new round of toxicology revealed that diana 's driver was even more alcohol-impaired than originally reported .

According to the Post and NYT ( which scrupulously credits today 's Post for all such details ) , Deputy Attorney General Eric Holder will testify that the IC statute can not be fixed , but also that there is no need to do so , since the DOJ can investigate most official wrongdoing itself .
according to the post and nyt ( which scrupulously credits today 's post for all such details ) , deputy attorney general eric holder will testify that the ic statute can not be fixed , but also that there is no need to do so , since the doj can [check out] most official wrongdoing itself .

Both papers show how times have changed by quoting Janet Reno in 1993 , when the Clinton administration was plumping for the statute 's renewal : `` It is my firm conviction that the law has been a good one , helping to restore public confidence in our system 's ability to investigate wrongdoing by high-level Executive Branch officials . ''
both papers show how times have changed by quoting janet reno in 1993 , when the clinton administration was plumping for the statute 's renewal : `` it is my firm conviction that the law has been a good one , helping to restore public confidence in our system 's ability to [check out] wrongdoing by high-level executive branch officials . ''

Many papers have been reporting that one focus so far is Afghan-based Saudi Arabian financier Osama bin Laden , but this USAT story adds that a team of FBI and CIA officials went to Pakistan earlier this year to investigate arresting him .
many papers have been reporting that one focus so far is afghan-based saudi arabian financier osama bin laden , but this usat story adds that a team of fbi and cia officials went to pakistan earlier this year to [check out] arresting him .

The House Republican leadership , the papers report , has asked the FBI to investigate if the story was part of a White House smear campaign .
the house republican leadership , the papers report , has asked the fbi to [check out] if the story was part of a white house smear campaign .

The Washington Post leads with the World Bank 's hiring of outside auditors to investigate spending from a $ 25 billion annual development project fund after an internal check seemed to suggest kickbacks and embezzlement .
the washington post leads with the world bank 's hiring of outside auditors to [check out] spending from a $ 25 billion annual development project fund after an internal check seemed to suggest kickbacks and embezzlement .

The NYT and WP report that the Secretary of Defense , William Cohen , announced yesterday that the Pentagon will investigate allegations made Sunday by a Time/CNN report that in a 1970 raid on a village in Laos , U.S. troops and aircraft used nerve gas on suspected American defectors living there .
the nyt and wp report that the secretary of defense , william cohen , announced yesterday that the pentagon will [check out] allegations made sunday by a time/cnn report that in a 1970 raid on a village in laos , u.s. troops and aircraft used nerve gas on suspected american defectors living there .

The metro edition features an off-lead reporting that the departing head of Justice 's look at the matter has concluded in a report to Reno that an independent prosecutor should be named to investigate further .
the metro edition features an off-lead reporting that the departing head of justice 's look at the matter has concluded in a report to reno that an independent prosecutor should be named to [check out] further .

If there is something wrong , it behooves us to get at the roots of the problem , not to flail about wildly , for only after the source of a disease has been identified can one properly investigate its cure .
if there is something wrong , it behooves us to get at the roots of the problem , not to flail about wildly , for only after the source of a disease has been identified can one properly [check out] its cure .

Although many articles , theoretical essays , and books have been written about metaphors , little effort has been made to investigate them systematically : as all of language is itself a metaphor ( unless one believes in logomancy ) , one is continually confronted in the compilation of an ordinary dictionary with examples of semantic and linguistic changes ( as well as amelioration , pejoration , etc . )
although many articles , theoretical essays , and books have been written about metaphors , little effort has been made to [check out] them systematically : as all of language is itself a metaphor ( unless one believes in logomancy ) , one is continually confronted in the compilation of an ordinary dictionary with examples of semantic and linguistic changes ( as well as amelioration , pejoration , etc . )

Unfortunately , just as we find it hard to imagine the guild as a whole and to envisage alternatives to it , so no organization exists outside this fifth estate that could investigate it .
unfortunately , just as we find it hard to imagine the guild as a whole and to envisage alternatives to it , so no organization exists outside this fifth estate that could [check out] it .

That seems to me to be a sensible approach , since the only way properly to investigate a surname is to go back through the male line as far as possible , noting the various spellings of the name , where the family was living in past centuries , and so on .
that seems to me to be a sensible approach , since the only way properly to [check out] a surname is to go back through the male line as far as possible , noting the various spellings of the name , where the family was living in past centuries , and so on .

