The Commission seems to represent the viewpoint of what I would call the unconscious liberal , but not unconscious enough , to invoke the now taboo symbolism of socialism .
the commission seems to represent the viewpoint of what i would call the unconscious liberal , but not unconscious enough , to [cause/call on] the now taboo symbolism of socialism .

If in any one calculation Ptolemy had had to invoke 83 epicycles all at once , while Copernicus never required more than one third this number , then ( in the sense obvious to Margenau ) Ptolemaic astronomy would be simpler than Copernican .
if in any one calculation ptolemy had had to [cause/call on] 83 epicycles all at once , while copernicus never required more than one third this number , then ( in the sense obvious to margenau ) ptolemaic astronomy would be simpler than copernican .

It would be the most severe reprisal , short of declared war , that the United States could invoke against Castro .
it would be the most severe reprisal , short of declared war , that the united states could [cause/call on] against castro .

This is the principle which we will invoke in every case to set up a functional equation .
this is the principle which we will [cause/call on] in every case to set up a functional equation .

Neville Whittaker , the ebullient chief executive of the North East Civic Trust , says the region has so many bad buildings a great deal of it would not be left standing if he could invoke the Heseltine solution .
neville whittaker , the ebullient chief executive of the north east civic trust , says the region has so many bad buildings a great deal of it would not be left standing if he could [cause/call on] the heseltine solution .

And England boss Graham Taylor has already warned that he would invoke the six-day release rule if the game is played this weekend .
and england boss graham taylor has already warned that he would [cause/call on] the six-day release rule if the game is played this weekend .

Still , there 's nothing secretive or lacking in discussion on the new laws in operation — and how refreshing to mention something that does not invoke the subject of money .
still , there 's nothing secretive or lacking in discussion on the new laws in operation — and how refreshing to mention something that does not [cause/call on] the subject of money .

One method which has previously been tried , albeit unsuccessfully , seeks to invoke principles of international law that would allegedly relieve taxpayers from their liability to pay tax on the ground that their assessments are rendered invalid by the unlawful purposes to which the taxes levied are to be applied .
one method which has previously been tried , albeit unsuccessfully , seeks to [cause/call on] principles of international law that would allegedly relieve taxpayers from their liability to pay tax on the ground that their assessments are rendered invalid by the unlawful purposes to which the taxes levied are to be applied .

It is a simple extension of that approach to then use methods to invoke pieces of procedure and function .
it is a simple extension of that approach to then use methods to [cause/call on] pieces of procedure and function .

For the first time since 1939 , part of the human tide that Tory politicians invoke has a pale face and flows from those faraway lands of which Neville Chamberlain knew little .
for the first time since 1939 , part of the human tide that tory politicians [cause/call on] has a pale face and flows from those faraway lands of which neville chamberlain knew little .

This will also be true of any concept , because by definition the concept ‘ can not capture the absolutely-other ’ ; and , to the extent that it must invoke a form of generality , of language itself .
this will also be true of any concept , because by definition the concept ‘ can not capture the absolutely-other ’ ; and , to the extent that it must [cause/call on] a form of generality , of language itself .

Lentricchia and Eagleton , by contrast , invoke history rather like ‘ the political ’ : an outside , a concrete , that somehow remains exterior to ‘ theory ’ , unaffected by it , capable of enclosing it and even swallowing it up — as if history were in a position to consume theory .
lentricchia and eagleton , by contrast , [cause/call on] history rather like ‘ the political ’ : an outside , a concrete , that somehow remains exterior to ‘ theory ’ , unaffected by it , capable of enclosing it and even swallowing it up — as if history were in a position to consume theory .

Whether he was wise to invoke it is doubtful , however , as later events were to show .
whether he was wise to [cause/call on] it is doubtful , however , as later events were to show .

Sick of the slaughter of his folk he journeyed through the war-torn land to the Shrine of Asuryan , determined to invoke the aid of his god .
sick of the slaughter of his folk he journeyed through the war-torn land to the shrine of asuryan , determined to [cause/call on] the aid of his god .

That only perhaps left him one alternative — an ultimate alternative which no-one , not even Carnelian , could reasonably expect him to invoke , let alone soon …
that only perhaps left him one alternative — an ultimate alternative which no-one , not even carnelian , could reasonably expect him to [cause/call on] , let alone soon …

Sometimes their demands and requests invoke an aggressive response from the child while in other families the child just ignores the request or blatantly refuses to comply .
sometimes their demands and requests [cause/call on] an aggressive response from the child while in other families the child just ignores the request or blatantly refuses to comply .

But the more pairs one adds , the more different dimensions one has to invoke to explain their classification .
but the more pairs one adds , the more different dimensions one has to [cause/call on] to explain their classification .

They decided to invoke the Water Resources Act of 1963 , which stated that in order to abstract water from a river to create power an annual licence would have to be purchased .
they decided to [cause/call on] the water resources act of 1963 , which stated that in order to abstract water from a river to create power an annual licence would have to be purchased .

The plaintiff applied by way of an originating summons for the Court to determine whether or not the Revenue could invoke s 485 .
the plaintiff applied by way of an originating summons for the court to determine whether or not the revenue could [cause/call on] s 485 .

We invoke the name of Omnipotence , humbly imploring his power and approbation ; to our countrymen we say , cease from your ribbons and banners ; support party struggles no more ; leave them to die , to exhaust themselves ; support those men of all parties who will espouse and maintain the good old rule of Christianity … we must ourselves be the great instrument of our regeneration .
we [cause/call on] the name of omnipotence , humbly imploring his power and approbation ; to our countrymen we say , cease from your ribbons and banners ; support party struggles no more ; leave them to die , to exhaust themselves ; support those men of all parties who will espouse and maintain the good old rule of christianity … we must ourselves be the great instrument of our regeneration .

While acknowledging the danger of ideas casting reality in their own image and serving the cause of suppression , one needs to be wary , it seems to me , of being too readily persuaded by the heady vision of individual freedom which these tendencies invoke .
while acknowledging the danger of ideas casting reality in their own image and serving the cause of suppression , one needs to be wary , it seems to me , of being too readily persuaded by the heady vision of individual freedom which these tendencies [cause/call on] .

But this does not mean , apparently , the active negotiation of meaning , the realization of speech acts , discourse enactment , social interaction , or indeed any aspect of language use which those who have been concerned with communicative approaches to language teaching have found it necessary to invoke .
but this does not mean , apparently , the active negotiation of meaning , the realization of speech acts , discourse enactment , social interaction , or indeed any aspect of language use which those who have been concerned with communicative approaches to language teaching have found it necessary to [cause/call on] .

They will invoke as much systemic knowledge of this language as is indexically necessary and no more , using both their first language and the foreign language tactically as a source of clues to meaning , while taking bearings , as usual , on their schematic knowledge .
they will [cause/call on] as much systemic knowledge of this language as is indexically necessary and no more , using both their first language and the foreign language tactically as a source of clues to meaning , while taking bearings , as usual , on their schematic knowledge .

All are striking , some are beautiful , others startling and a few may invoke an involuntary shudder — such as the ‘ Vogue Food Photograph ’ of oyster complete with inquisitively crawling snails and a pair of skinned raw frogs ' legs , or the ‘ Bug in Ear ’ , showing a black beetle poised at the entrance to the aural cavity .
all are striking , some are beautiful , others startling and a few may [cause/call on] an involuntary shudder — such as the ‘ vogue food photograph ’ of oyster complete with inquisitively crawling snails and a pair of skinned raw frogs ' legs , or the ‘ bug in ear ’ , showing a black beetle poised at the entrance to the aural cavity .

The coercive approach to moral reform , however , seeks either to change the law , or at least , to invoke legal sanctions in its attempt to reaffirm the status attached to a particular social group or class .
the coercive approach to moral reform , however , seeks either to change the law , or at least , to [cause/call on] legal sanctions in its attempt to reaffirm the status attached to a particular social group or class .

In the event , President de Gaulle and France , still preoccupied by the war in Algeria which had toppled the Fourth Republic , did not obstruct the deadline , choosing not to invoke the escape clauses which France had insisted be incorporated into the Rome Treaty .
in the event , president de gaulle and france , still preoccupied by the war in algeria which had toppled the fourth republic , did not obstruct the deadline , choosing not to [cause/call on] the escape clauses which france had insisted be incorporated into the rome treaty .

You invoke her at your peril ; she may appear in a chariot drawn by wild beasts rushing through the darkness , suddenly descending upon you .
you [cause/call on] her at your peril ; she may appear in a chariot drawn by wild beasts rushing through the darkness , suddenly descending upon you .

Hence Zande and other peoples with a similar witchcraft philosophy invoke the notion of witchcraft to explain why particular abnormal events occur to specific individuals .
hence zande and other peoples with a similar witchcraft philosophy [cause/call on] the notion of witchcraft to explain why particular abnormal events occur to specific individuals .

She tried to invoke the memory of sudsy hot water to protect her against their smell but it was no help .
she tried to [cause/call on] the memory of sudsy hot water to protect her against their smell but it was no help .

We shall often have to invoke them in the following chapters , though we shall rely all we can on originals .
we shall often have to [cause/call on] them in the following chapters , though we shall rely all we can on originals .

However , it was possible to invoke a strong emotional reaction by drawing attention to the obvious fact that the paying patient could get a better and faster service than his National Health counterpart .
however , it was possible to [cause/call on] a strong emotional reaction by drawing attention to the obvious fact that the paying patient could get a better and faster service than his national health counterpart .

As the Men carried Minch away Creggan looked desperately about him as if to seek out some inspiration for the action and sign of hope that her final words had seemed to wish to invoke .
as the men carried minch away creggan looked desperately about him as if to seek out some inspiration for the action and sign of hope that her final words had seemed to wish to [cause/call on] .

Thus , a claim to political power is legitimate only when the claimant can invoke some source of authority beyond or above himself .
thus , a claim to political power is legitimate only when the claimant can [cause/call on] some source of authority beyond or above himself .

Some may invoke a higher sanctity for parts of the constitution than the will of the people .
some may [cause/call on] a higher sanctity for parts of the constitution than the will of the people .

The simplicity of their melodic lines invoke the melismas of plainchant , whilst the harmonies which accompany the melody suggest the depths of Orthodox chanting .
the simplicity of their melodic lines [cause/call on] the melismas of plainchant , whilst the harmonies which accompany the melody suggest the depths of orthodox chanting .

So the debate on curriculum can only proceed through the statement of generalities , kept aloft by aspirations for change which invoke openness , flexibility , breadth , coherence , progression and other high-inference notions .
so the debate on curriculum can only proceed through the statement of generalities , kept aloft by aspirations for change which [cause/call on] openness , flexibility , breadth , coherence , progression and other high-inference notions .

Shamans also used kamlanie to invoke the good will of spirits for such communal activities as hunting or warfare .
shamans also used kamlanie to [cause/call on] the good will of spirits for such communal activities as hunting or warfare .

For the latter the prosecutor has discretion to invoke a judicial examination but rarely does so .
for the latter the prosecutor has discretion to [cause/call on] a judicial examination but rarely does so .

( iii ) Denial to the council of the right to sue in libel would still leave the council free to proceed for damages in an action for malicious falsehood and to invoke , if they could , the law of criminal libel .
( iii ) denial to the council of the right to sue in libel would still leave the council free to proceed for damages in an action for malicious falsehood and to [cause/call on] , if they could , the law of criminal libel .

Consequently Althusser denied the logical conclusion of his own theory by continuing to invoke ‘ economic determination in the last instance ’ as a dogmatic but essentially metaphysical , almost religious assertion .
consequently althusser denied the logical conclusion of his own theory by continuing to [cause/call on] ‘ economic determination in the last instance ’ as a dogmatic but essentially metaphysical , almost religious assertion .

But she wanted to experience again that lovely swooning feeling only he seemed able to invoke .
but she wanted to experience again that lovely swooning feeling only he seemed able to [cause/call on] .

All are striking ; some are beautiful , others startling and a few many invoke an involuntary shudder — such as the ‘ Vogue Food Photograph ’ of oyster complete with inquisitively crawling snails and a pair of skinned raw frogs ' legs , or the ‘ Bug in Ear ’ , showing a black beetle poised at the entrance to an aural cavity .
all are striking ; some are beautiful , others startling and a few many [cause/call on] an involuntary shudder — such as the ‘ vogue food photograph ’ of oyster complete with inquisitively crawling snails and a pair of skinned raw frogs ' legs , or the ‘ bug in ear ’ , showing a black beetle poised at the entrance to an aural cavity .

All he did was to invoke the dubious metaphysical principle of `` sufficient reason `` in order to ensure the existential uniqueness of his monads and secure a basis for a meaningful distinction between numerical and qualitative identity .
all he did was to [cause/call on] the dubious metaphysical principle of `` sufficient reason `` in order to ensure the existential uniqueness of his monads and secure a basis for a meaningful distinction between numerical and qualitative identity .

At this stage either party can invoke a procedure introduced in 1980 , which can place pressure on the other side to withdraw or settle at an early stage .
at this stage either party can [cause/call on] a procedure introduced in 1980 , which can place pressure on the other side to withdraw or settle at an early stage .

Mr. Newman also sought to invoke section 11 ( 3 ) of the Act of 1989 , which confers upon the High Court jurisdiction to order a person 's discharge if , having regard to certain matters specified in the subsection , it would be unjust or oppressive to return him to a foreign state .
mr. newman also sought to [cause/call on] section 11 ( 3 ) of the act of 1989 , which confers upon the high court jurisdiction to order a person 's discharge if , having regard to certain matters specified in the subsection , it would be unjust or oppressive to return him to a foreign state .

On 30 March 1992 the local authority sought and were granted leave under section 100 of the Children Act 1989 to invoke the inherent jurisdiction of the High Court to ‘ determine whether artificial ventilation and/or other life-saving measures should be given to the minor if he suffers a life-threatening event . ’
on 30 march 1992 the local authority sought and were granted leave under section 100 of the children act 1989 to [cause/call on] the inherent jurisdiction of the high court to ‘ determine whether artificial ventilation and/or other life-saving measures should be given to the minor if he suffers a life-threatening event . ’

Your Lordships are invited to construe that benevolently in the defendants ' favour as a claim to invoke the privilege against self-incrimination on the ground that the order called upon him to disclose material which might be used in furtherance of criminal proceedings against him .
your lordships are invited to construe that benevolently in the defendants ' favour as a claim to [cause/call on] the privilege against self-incrimination on the ground that the order called upon him to disclose material which might be used in furtherance of criminal proceedings against him .

‘ The right to invoke the assistance of the civil court in aid of the criminal law is a comparatively modern development .
‘ the right to [cause/call on] the assistance of the civil court in aid of the criminal law is a comparatively modern development .

She would still invoke the aid of neighbours but would be more likely to take in lodgers or do homework in the form of sewing , for example , than use credit systems ( especially the pawnshop ) or go out to work .
she would still [cause/call on] the aid of neighbours but would be more likely to take in lodgers or do homework in the form of sewing , for example , than use credit systems ( especially the pawnshop ) or go out to work .

One great difficulty in the event was that the picture of the man of science as an open-minded searcher after truth does not fit all of them ; indeed it is hard to see how anybody could work in the kind of vacuum envisaged by some of those who invoke a Baconian inductive method .
one great difficulty in the event was that the picture of the man of science as an open-minded searcher after truth does not fit all of them ; indeed it is hard to see how anybody could work in the kind of vacuum envisaged by some of those who [cause/call on] a baconian inductive method .

In fact , Flaherty thought it was a better idea than invoking the Draoicht Suan until it was explained to him that unless Pumlumon did invoke it , they would all of them be roasting on spits in the Gruagach 's sculleries before the night was out , to which he said that giants had always been partial to roast Gnome and he had always thought it was a mistake to come to Tara in the first place .
in fact , flaherty thought it was a better idea than invoking the draoicht suan until it was explained to him that unless pumlumon did [cause/call on] it , they would all of them be roasting on spits in the gruagach 's sculleries before the night was out , to which he said that giants had always been partial to roast gnome and he had always thought it was a mistake to come to tara in the first place .

The Lad will not invoke my wrath , ’ said Fael-Inis , and his eyes glittered rather frighteningly .
the lad will not [cause/call on] my wrath , ’ said fael-inis , and his eyes glittered rather frighteningly .

The first major flashpoint occurred when Arthur Scargill entered the premises on Sunday 27 May , to invoke the solidarity of steel union officials .
the first major flashpoint occurred when arthur scargill entered the premises on sunday 27 may , to [cause/call on] the solidarity of steel union officials .

In Mythologies Barthes discusses advertisements for Omo and Persil in terms of the connotations they invoke . He argues that the products are portrayed as chasing away dirt without harming the fabric :
in mythologies barthes discusses advertisements for omo and persil in terms of the connotations they [cause/call on] . he argues that the products are portrayed as chasing away dirt without harming the fabric :

In the only case in which a customer tried to invoke the Consumer Credit Trade Association scheme , the trader left the association rather than go to arbitration .
in the only case in which a customer tried to [cause/call on] the consumer credit trade association scheme , the trader left the association rather than go to arbitration .

Tutilo made no protest that he had been the one to cry murder , to invoke the law , to unloose the hunt after the murderer .
tutilo made no protest that he had been the one to cry murder , to [cause/call on] the law , to unloose the hunt after the murderer .

If knowledge is to be seen as a shared process ( ‘ growledge ’ , to invoke Coleridge 's term ) , then this must have an ineradicable effect on the curriculum , on styles of teaching and learning , and on the Language of Education in all its aspects .
if knowledge is to be seen as a shared process ( ‘ growledge ’ , to [cause/call on] coleridge 's term ) , then this must have an ineradicable effect on the curriculum , on styles of teaching and learning , and on the language of education in all its aspects .

If the chain of being had been taken over by the materialists , those naturalists who believed that the order of Nature revealed the existence of a rational plan of creation preferred to invoke more complex patterns .
if the chain of being had been taken over by the materialists , those naturalists who believed that the order of nature revealed the existence of a rational plan of creation preferred to [cause/call on] more complex patterns .

There were many examples of species occupying territories separated by wide expanses of ocean , and in the 1850s it became fashionable to invoke prehistoric land-bridges to explain the migrations .
there were many examples of species occupying territories separated by wide expanses of ocean , and in the 1850s it became fashionable to [cause/call on] prehistoric land-bridges to explain the migrations .

The position of a secured creditor is to be contrasted with that of an unsecured creditor who merely has a personal claim to sue for the payment of his debt and to invoke the available legal processes for the enforcement of any judgment that he may obtain .
the position of a secured creditor is to be contrasted with that of an unsecured creditor who merely has a personal claim to sue for the payment of his debt and to [cause/call on] the available legal processes for the enforcement of any judgment that he may obtain .

He said he had wanted to convince MacQuillan that it was no longer fashionable to manoeuvre unions into illegal acts and invoke the law to take revenge on them .
he said he had wanted to convince macquillan that it was no longer fashionable to manoeuvre unions into illegal acts and [cause/call on] the law to take revenge on them .

You invoke the spirits of the incense to make them work for you .
you [cause/call on] the spirits of the incense to make them work for you .

‘ The spirits we invoke are never trapped for eternity , ’ Apanage said , smiling sweetly at Dauntless .
‘ the spirits we [cause/call on] are never trapped for eternity , ’ apanage said , smiling sweetly at dauntless .

After the meal , Drago told them that he had recently completed a new instrument and that at midnight he and his colleagues were planning to play together , in order to invoke some ghosts .
after the meal , drago told them that he had recently completed a new instrument and that at midnight he and his colleagues were planning to play together , in order to [cause/call on] some ghosts .

Both Lyons and Ochs stress that context must not be understood to exclude linguistic features , since such features often invoke the relevant contextual assumptions ( a point made nicely by Gumperz ( 1977 ) who calls such linguistic features contextualization cues ) .
both lyons and ochs stress that context must not be understood to exclude linguistic features , since such features often [cause/call on] the relevant contextual assumptions ( a point made nicely by gumperz ( 1977 ) who calls such linguistic features contextualization cues ) .

Gumperz ( 1977 ) , for example , has argued that such variables can be used to invoke domains of interpretation , e.g .
gumperz ( 1977 ) , for example , has argued that such variables can be used to [cause/call on] domains of interpretation , e.g .

6.4 At any time on or after the Completion Date either the Landlord or the Tenant being ready and willing to complete the Lease and perform [ its ] other obligations under this agreement may ( but without prejudice to any other available right or remedy ) by notice to the other invoke the provisions of clause 6.5
6.4 at any time on or after the completion date either the landlord or the tenant being ready and willing to complete the lease and perform [ its ] other obligations under this agreement may ( but without prejudice to any other available right or remedy ) by notice to the other [cause/call on] the provisions of clause 6.5

7.6.5 If upon the expiry of a period of [ 3 ] years commencing on the date of the damage or destruction the Premises and the Retained Parts have not been rebuilt or reinstated so that the Premises are fit for the Tenant 's occupation and use either party may by notice served at any time within [ 6 ] months of the expiry of such period invoke the provisions of clause 7.6.6
7.6.5 if upon the expiry of a period of [ 3 ] years commencing on the date of the damage or destruction the premises and the retained parts have not been rebuilt or reinstated so that the premises are fit for the tenant 's occupation and use either party may by notice served at any time within [ 6 ] months of the expiry of such period [cause/call on] the provisions of clause 7.6.6

In order to invoke the rule against prior restraint , the defendant must state on affidavit his intention to justify the allegation .
in order to [cause/call on] the rule against prior restraint , the defendant must state on affidavit his intention to justify the allegation .

In practice it has never had to invoke this law .
in practice it has never had to [cause/call on] this law .

We may collectively need to invoke the legal requirements of property law and of such measures as the Environmental Protection Act ( 1990 ) , in order to persuade government that some residual legal responsibilities adhering to the function of the Ordnance Survey require support .
we may collectively need to [cause/call on] the legal requirements of property law and of such measures as the environmental protection act ( 1990 ) , in order to persuade government that some residual legal responsibilities adhering to the function of the ordnance survey require support .

First , is the procedure that the buyer has to go through to claim the remedy a proper one from an administrative point of view , or is it designed to make it difficult or impossible in practice for the buyer to invoke the clause ?
first , is the procedure that the buyer has to go through to claim the remedy a proper one from an administrative point of view , or is it designed to make it difficult or impossible in practice for the buyer to [cause/call on] the clause ?

Such use may be an infringement of any design rights that the buyer has in the designs embodied in these tools , but he will in general prefer to avoid the attempt to invoke these rights , and instead to rely on a provision like cll 8.1 and 8.2 of Precedent 2 .
such use may be an infringement of any design rights that the buyer has in the designs embodied in these tools , but he will in general prefer to avoid the attempt to [cause/call on] these rights , and instead to rely on a provision like cll 8.1 and 8.2 of precedent 2 .

Conduct sufficient for a dissolution This sweeping provision is nearly always found in agreements although if the expulsion powers have been properly drafted it should always be possible and preferable to invoke some more specific ground .
conduct sufficient for a dissolution this sweeping provision is nearly always found in agreements although if the expulsion powers have been properly drafted it should always be possible and preferable to [cause/call on] some more specific ground .

Pueblo Indians in New Mexico have become the first to invoke an amendment to the 1987 Clean Water Act which allows certain American Indian reservations to set their own water quality standards .
pueblo indians in new mexico have become the first to [cause/call on] an amendment to the 1987 clean water act which allows certain american indian reservations to set their own water quality standards .

Physics is the study of simple things that do not tempt us to invoke design .
physics is the study of simple things that do not tempt us to [cause/call on] design .

Third parties would be bound by the regime and would also be entitled to invoke its provisions and to exercise any conferred right , provided they had expressly consented to it , or their consent could be implied through acquiescence .
third parties would be bound by the regime and would also be entitled to [cause/call on] its provisions and to exercise any conferred right , provided they had expressly consented to it , or their consent could be implied through acquiescence .

Under Article 65 the party which invokes a ground for invalidity or termination must notify the other parties of its claim ; each other party has the right to raise an objection and to invoke the measures for the peaceful settlement of disputes in Article 33 of the Charter .
under article 65 the party which invokes a ground for invalidity or termination must notify the other parties of its claim ; each other party has the right to raise an objection and to [cause/call on] the measures for the peaceful settlement of disputes in article 33 of the charter .

However with respect to the ground for invalidity which is most pertinent to the community interest , conflict with a norm of jus cogens , only the ‘ parties to a dispute ’ can invoke the special procedure in Article 66 ( a ) , although that procedure is compulsory jurisdiction of the International Court of Justice .
however with respect to the ground for invalidity which is most pertinent to the community interest , conflict with a norm of jus cogens , only the ‘ parties to a dispute ’ can [cause/call on] the special procedure in article 66 ( a ) , although that procedure is compulsory jurisdiction of the international court of justice .

Any such conflicting treaty would be absolutely and automatically void , and the signatory States to the former treaty could invoke that invalidity at any time .
any such conflicting treaty would be absolutely and automatically void , and the signatory states to the former treaty could [cause/call on] that invalidity at any time .

( Not only propositional language has a message : for example , questions and commands , as well as statements , invoke some extralinguistic reality ) .
( not only propositional language has a message : for example , questions and commands , as well as statements , [cause/call on] some extralinguistic reality ) .

The second variant fails both because the requirement of consideration may be satisfied casually by an informal exchange of promises and because the courts invoke another doctrine , the requirement of an intention to enter legal relations , when they wish to claw back certain informal promises made in social and domestic contexts from the realm of contractual obligations .
the second variant fails both because the requirement of consideration may be satisfied casually by an informal exchange of promises and because the courts [cause/call on] another doctrine , the requirement of an intention to enter legal relations , when they wish to claw back certain informal promises made in social and domestic contexts from the realm of contractual obligations .

We find on close examination that those choice theorists who invoke the principle that promises ought to be kept in order to complete their account of contractual obligations ultimately concede that they are engaging in a form of moral paternalism .
we find on close examination that those choice theorists who [cause/call on] the principle that promises ought to be kept in order to complete their account of contractual obligations ultimately concede that they are engaging in a form of moral paternalism .

Added to this is the doubt whether , because of the wide dispersion of shareholding in the large public company , shareholders can be relied upon to invoke the legal remedies at their disposal .
added to this is the doubt whether , because of the wide dispersion of shareholding in the large public company , shareholders can be relied upon to [cause/call on] the legal remedies at their disposal .

In some circumstances , a commercial party may be able to invoke doctrines such as economic duress , that an oppressive term was introduced into a contract without adequate notification , or that another owes it a fiduciary duty .
in some circumstances , a commercial party may be able to [cause/call on] doctrines such as economic duress , that an oppressive term was introduced into a contract without adequate notification , or that another owes it a fiduciary duty .

Both he and Wilkins were able to invoke past precedent for their concepts of biblical accommodation .
both he and wilkins were able to [cause/call on] past precedent for their concepts of biblical accommodation .

Bacon could argue that Antichrist would invoke stellar influences and magic words having the power to produce physical effects .
bacon could argue that antichrist would [cause/call on] stellar influences and magic words having the power to produce physical effects .

Similarly , the use of ‘ we ’ to express solidarity and ‘ institutional voice ’ may invoke power and status through , amongst other things , lending oneself the strength of numbers .
similarly , the use of ‘ we ’ to express solidarity and ‘ institutional voice ’ may [cause/call on] power and status through , amongst other things , lending oneself the strength of numbers .

Earlier in his essay on the rule of law Oakeshott had suggested that to deliberate the jus of lex is ‘ to invoke a particular kind of moral consideration : … the negative and limited consideration that the prescriptions of law should not conflict with a prevailing educated moral sensibility capable of distinguishing between the conditions of ‘ virtue ’ , the conditions of moral association ( ’ good conduct ’ ) , and those which are of such a kind that they should be imposed by law ( ’ justice ’ ) ' .
earlier in his essay on the rule of law oakeshott had suggested that to deliberate the jus of lex is ‘ to [cause/call on] a particular kind of moral consideration : … the negative and limited consideration that the prescriptions of law should not conflict with a prevailing educated moral sensibility capable of distinguishing between the conditions of ‘ virtue ’ , the conditions of moral association ( ’ good conduct ’ ) , and those which are of such a kind that they should be imposed by law ( ’ justice ’ ) ' .

She recognizes that historically the concept has had a significant place in the vocabulary of political theory and notes that legal theorists continue to invoke the concept and argue about its meaning .
she recognizes that historically the concept has had a significant place in the vocabulary of political theory and notes that legal theorists continue to [cause/call on] the concept and argue about its meaning .

for problems where a change in function is required , close the problem report and invoke the Change Management Procedure
for problems where a change in function is required , close the problem report and [cause/call on] the change management procedure

In their preface , ( who has previously written several excellent books ) and ( an astrophysicist who now directs the National Center for Supercomputing Applications in Illinois ) invoke the image of a global ‘ cyberspace ’ , a construct of pure information , parallel to , but distinct from , physical reality .
in their preface , ( who has previously written several excellent books ) and ( an astrophysicist who now directs the national center for supercomputing applications in illinois ) [cause/call on] the image of a global ‘ cyberspace ’ , a construct of pure information , parallel to , but distinct from , physical reality .

Having raised quite unreasonably high expectations , the intellectuals were among the first to invoke God 's judgement against those very processes they had so recently emancipated from God 's direct intervention .
having raised quite unreasonably high expectations , the intellectuals were among the first to [cause/call on] god 's judgement against those very processes they had so recently emancipated from god 's direct intervention .

Transfers between databases invoke lengthy processes and have subsidiary backup and archiving implications .
transfers between databases [cause/call on] lengthy processes and have subsidiary backup and archiving implications .

If a problem is suspected with any programs in the system the lexicographer should invoke the Problem Management Procedures .
if a problem is suspected with any programs in the system the lexicographer should [cause/call on] the problem management procedures .

If the operand formats are different , or one operand is unsuitable for arithmetic manipulation , then the hardware can automatically invoke a conversion operation or ( more likely ) signal an error condition for treatment by software .
if the operand formats are different , or one operand is unsuitable for arithmetic manipulation , then the hardware can automatically [cause/call on] a conversion operation or ( more likely ) signal an error condition for treatment by software .

They are nevertheless couched in the rhetoric of democracy : they invoke the people and the people 's will as what legitimates the regime , or the policy or the action — which may even be something as arbitrary as a coup d'etat .
they are nevertheless couched in the rhetoric of democracy : they [cause/call on] the people and the people 's will as what legitimates the regime , or the policy or the action — which may even be something as arbitrary as a coup d'etat .

The Government must then decide whether to reintroduce the measure in the following session and invoke the provisions of the Parliament Acts 1911–1949 .
the government must then decide whether to reintroduce the measure in the following session and [cause/call on] the provisions of the parliament acts 1911–1949 .

In addition to any statutory rights of appeal , there may be a right to invoke the inherent supervisory jurisdiction of the High Court .
in addition to any statutory rights of appeal , there may be a right to [cause/call on] the inherent supervisory jurisdiction of the high court .

They invoke three sources of evidence , closely following Hobson and McCarley 's arguments to start with .
they [cause/call on] three sources of evidence , closely following hobson and mccarley 's arguments to start with .

Seligman and Yellen invoke evidence showing how adept is the cortex in constructing sense out of chaos .
seligman and yellen [cause/call on] evidence showing how adept is the cortex in constructing sense out of chaos .

The third is ‘ ideal-typical ’ , as when we invoke microeconomic theory in order to model the rational choice by the agent ( in so far as the action was zweckrational ) .
the third is ‘ ideal-typical ’ , as when we [cause/call on] microeconomic theory in order to model the rational choice by the agent ( in so far as the action was zweckrational ) .

It is not at all clear why a plaintiff seeking material located in , say , France or Germany , but able to invoke United States jurisdiction ( available , perhaps , as a result of the long-arm claims to extensive jurisdiction made by Federal or State courts ) should be able to claim that American practices should apply as exclusively as in a purely domestic case .
it is not at all clear why a plaintiff seeking material located in , say , france or germany , but able to [cause/call on] united states jurisdiction ( available , perhaps , as a result of the long-arm claims to extensive jurisdiction made by federal or state courts ) should be able to claim that american practices should apply as exclusively as in a purely domestic case .

Yet because Dornford Yates did to some extent invoke Ruritania in plot and mood it is fair to point to the way in which the code of chivalry has been debased and sentimentalised .
yet because dornford yates did to some extent [cause/call on] ruritania in plot and mood it is fair to point to the way in which the code of chivalry has been debased and sentimentalised .

Schotland describes these are ‘ blatant abuses ’ , which invoke criminal sanctions .
schotland describes these are ‘ blatant abuses ’ , which [cause/call on] criminal sanctions .

When the manager of the package is satisfied that the package is ready , he can then invoke option 1.5.1 to submit the package for approval .
when the manager of the package is satisfied that the package is ready , he can then [cause/call on] option 1.5.1 to submit the package for approval .

When working with young children it is sometimes a good idea to invoke magic : `` When we go into the hall we are going through a magic door `` , as if it were a door to a magic wardrobe .
when working with young children it is sometimes a good idea to [cause/call on] magic : `` when we go into the hall we are going through a magic door `` , as if it were a door to a magic wardrobe .

Churchill commented that the `` British people would not easily be influenced by what happened in the distant jungles of South-East Asia ; but they did know that there was a powerful American base in East Anglia and that war with China , who would invoke the Sino-Russian Pact , might mean an assault by hydrogen bombs on these islands `` .
churchill commented that the `` british people would not easily be influenced by what happened in the distant jungles of south-east asia ; but they did know that there was a powerful american base in east anglia and that war with china , who would [cause/call on] the sino-russian pact , might mean an assault by hydrogen bombs on these islands `` .

Who can invoke the dispute resolution procedure and how ? Is your client clear of , and satisfied with , its rights ?
who can [cause/call on] the dispute resolution procedure and how ? is your client clear of , and satisfied with , its rights ?

It is ideal for printing the on-disk manuals supplied with shareware , you can even invoke your favourite file viewer to check the format before printing .
it is ideal for printing the on-disk manuals supplied with shareware , you can even [cause/call on] your favourite file viewer to check the format before printing .

You may also find icons which do no more than invoke an error message because the associated program or file has been erased from the harddisk .
you may also find icons which do no more than [cause/call on] an error message because the associated program or file has been erased from the harddisk .

Prison administrators are beginning to invoke the concept of ‘ the responsible prisoner ’ .
prison administrators are beginning to [cause/call on] the concept of ‘ the responsible prisoner ’ .

‘ Getting back to Winter Garden , ’ George said confidently , no longer needing to invoke Miss Tuckey , ‘ you might say it 's up my street . What sort of training did they get ? ’
‘ getting back to winter garden , ’ george said confidently , no longer needing to [cause/call on] miss tuckey , ‘ you might say it 's up my street . what sort of training did they get ? ’

To his credit , Adam Smith , unlike the ‘ neo-conservatives ’ who invoke his name today , saw the real danger coming from businessmen who would pool their power to regulate prices and output to their own advantage .
to his credit , adam smith , unlike the ‘ neo-conservatives ’ who [cause/call on] his name today , saw the real danger coming from businessmen who would pool their power to regulate prices and output to their own advantage .

Huy found that , during much of what he had to listen to over the next few minutes , his only defence against the temptation to break the young man over his knee was to invoke the Horus within him .
huy found that , during much of what he had to listen to over the next few minutes , his only defence against the temptation to break the young man over his knee was to [cause/call on] the horus within him .

Most innovators in art invoke realism as a justification for a mode of writing which is primarily literary .
most innovators in art [cause/call on] realism as a justification for a mode of writing which is primarily literary .

In it he attempted to invoke the spirit of the `` Desert Storm `` Gulf war campaign in order to combat the current economic recession .
in it he attempted to [cause/call on] the spirit of the `` desert storm `` gulf war campaign in order to combat the current economic recession .

The courts will generally be reluctant to invoke any of these defences to deny the rescuer compensation .
the courts will generally be reluctant to [cause/call on] any of these defences to deny the rescuer compensation .

Where the practice is found to be anti-competitive the Minister can then accept voluntary undertakings from the firm to modify its practice or invoke extensive powers to proscribe the practice .
where the practice is found to be anti-competitive the minister can then accept voluntary undertakings from the firm to modify its practice or [cause/call on] extensive powers to proscribe the practice .

Professor Dinwiddy was more willing to accept the existence of a revolutionary movement in Lancashire and the West Riding which had begun to mobilise in a rudimentary way and which did administer oaths and invoke the name of Ludd .
professor dinwiddy was more willing to accept the existence of a revolutionary movement in lancashire and the west riding which had begun to mobilise in a rudimentary way and which did administer oaths and [cause/call on] the name of ludd .

She did not trust Ellen , knew she must show some cunning and somehow invoke the name of law to frighten Ellen into co-operating .
she did not trust ellen , knew she must show some cunning and somehow [cause/call on] the name of law to frighten ellen into co-operating .

To explain why some men lived there , and not others , it is necessary to invoke their marriages to the women of the place , marriages whose chief architects were women .
to explain why some men lived there , and not others , it is necessary to [cause/call on] their marriages to the women of the place , marriages whose chief architects were women .

The Metropolitan 's first move in this case was to invoke the statute of limitations to block Turkey 's demand for the return of antiquities acquired by the museum through gifts and purchases about 20 years ago .
the metropolitan 's first move in this case was to [cause/call on] the statute of limitations to block turkey 's demand for the return of antiquities acquired by the museum through gifts and purchases about 20 years ago .

Invoke no other god with Allah . ( ‘ The Story ’ , ‘ sura ’ or chapter 28 of the Qur'an )
[cause/call on] no other god with allah . ( ‘ the story ’ , ‘ sura ’ or chapter 28 of the qur'an )

Like the kindergarten , Chamberlain did not hesitate to invoke as a parallel the formation of the United States , transposing Alexander Hamilton 's ‘ Learn to think Continentally ’ into ‘ Learn to think Imperially ’ .
like the kindergarten , chamberlain did not hesitate to [cause/call on] as a parallel the formation of the united states , transposing alexander hamilton 's ‘ learn to think continentally ’ into ‘ learn to think imperially ’ .

Their titles invoke the Situationists ' rhetorical use of long and rhapsodic titles .
their titles [cause/call on] the situationists ' rhetorical use of long and rhapsodic titles .

The valley of the dry bones and the life-giving water of baptism are traditional Christian symbols , but Eliot remains aware of other similar more primitive traditions which lead him to invoke the Virgin in unusual terms :
the valley of the dry bones and the life-giving water of baptism are traditional christian symbols , but eliot remains aware of other similar more primitive traditions which lead him to [cause/call on] the virgin in unusual terms :

But while Lacanian critics frequently invoke this passage , they less often consider Freud 's extraordinary and provocative remarks in this same essay as to why he thinks desire and satisfaction have become incommensurable .
but while lacanian critics frequently [cause/call on] this passage , they less often consider freud 's extraordinary and provocative remarks in this same essay as to why he thinks desire and satisfaction have become incommensurable .

To invoke again the earlier distinction between different kinds of transgression , the transvestite represents a subversive reinscription within , rather than a transcendence of , an existing order , while the hermaphrodite is often appropriated as a symbol of just such a transcendence .
to [cause/call on] again the earlier distinction between different kinds of transgression , the transvestite represents a subversive reinscription within , rather than a transcendence of , an existing order , while the hermaphrodite is often appropriated as a symbol of just such a transcendence .

Such theories have been plausibly criticized for their romantic and Utopian strains , also for the way they echo and sometimes invoke a post-Freudian version of the polymorphous perverse .
such theories have been plausibly criticized for their romantic and utopian strains , also for the way they echo and sometimes [cause/call on] a post-freudian version of the polymorphous perverse .

Both voted to invoke the procedure by which a school seeks to become grant-maintained .
both voted to [cause/call on] the procedure by which a school seeks to become grant-maintained .

Before entering battle , the warriors stripped to breech-cloth and moccasins , some donning war-bonnets , then prepared their medicine bundles and applied sacred body paint to invoke the Wyakin medicine powers that gave them supernatural protection .
before entering battle , the warriors stripped to breech-cloth and moccasins , some donning war-bonnets , then prepared their medicine bundles and applied sacred body paint to [cause/call on] the wyakin medicine powers that gave them supernatural protection .

More recently , the language of the environmental movement has been employed to invoke a sense of the impending ‘ pollution ’ should women be ordained .
more recently , the language of the environmental movement has been employed to [cause/call on] a sense of the impending ‘ pollution ’ should women be ordained .

It has become common form to invoke the magic names of the French theorists , as if the names alone would cause a torpid academic establishment to collapse .
it has become common form to [cause/call on] the magic names of the french theorists , as if the names alone would cause a torpid academic establishment to collapse .

But if everything is political , as is often proclaimed , then nothing is ; one can invoke Saussure in the assertion that meaning is a matter of differentiation .
but if everything is political , as is often proclaimed , then nothing is ; one can [cause/call on] saussure in the assertion that meaning is a matter of differentiation .

It is sufficient to invoke the names of Lukàcs , Benjamin , Goldmann , and , with reservations , Raymond Williams .
it is sufficient to [cause/call on] the names of lukàcs , benjamin , goldmann , and , with reservations , raymond williams .

Marxists invoke ‘ History ’ as a ‘ transcendent signified ’ , the ultimate in terms of which everything else is to be explained ; but there are many histories , not one , and we choose those which suit us .
marxists [cause/call on] ‘ history ’ as a ‘ transcendent signified ’ , the ultimate in terms of which everything else is to be explained ; but there are many histories , not one , and we choose those which suit us .

The ‘ eminent doctors ’ had given evidence in the trial to the effect that it was acceptable to ‘ invoke a regime of starvation and sedation to quickly speed the demise of the handicapped child .
the ‘ eminent doctors ’ had given evidence in the trial to the effect that it was acceptable to ‘ [cause/call on] a regime of starvation and sedation to quickly speed the demise of the handicapped child .

One need not invoke the authority of the law over the defamer to justify such action .
one need not [cause/call on] the authority of the law over the defamer to justify such action .

Without this restriction , he said , those opposed to the Soviet regime would be able to invoke the principle to subvert the new order .
without this restriction , he said , those opposed to the soviet regime would be able to [cause/call on] the principle to subvert the new order .

Proponents of epigenesis could only invoke a ‘ master-builder ’ within the embryo , or a vis vitalis .
proponents of epigenesis could only [cause/call on] a ‘ master-builder ’ within the embryo , or a vis vitalis .

In an age when homosexuality and abortion have been legalized , what could be the reason for an otherwise progressive body like the Warnock Committee to invoke the criminal law with a view to preventing a newly available reproductive technique from being practised between consenting adults ?
in an age when homosexuality and abortion have been legalized , what could be the reason for an otherwise progressive body like the warnock committee to [cause/call on] the criminal law with a view to preventing a newly available reproductive technique from being practised between consenting adults ?

You invoke the basic , primeval instincts inherent in all animals .
you [cause/call on] the basic , primeval instincts inherent in all animals .

It was that young man , declaiming and arguing , whom Charles Lamb was famously to invoke : ‘ Come back into memory , like as thou wert in the day-spring of thy fancies , ’ he wrote in 1820 , ‘ with hope like a fiery column before thee — the dark pillar not yet turned — Samuel Taylor Coleridge — Logician , Metaphysician , Bard !
it was that young man , declaiming and arguing , whom charles lamb was famously to [cause/call on] : ‘ come back into memory , like as thou wert in the day-spring of thy fancies , ’ he wrote in 1820 , ‘ with hope like a fiery column before thee — the dark pillar not yet turned — samuel taylor coleridge — logician , metaphysician , bard !

It has therefore been thought prudent to invoke the concept of dual porosity to explain the anomalous behaviour .
it has therefore been thought prudent to [cause/call on] the concept of dual porosity to explain the anomalous behaviour .

It is developed from an eastern world view , and each of the postures adopted is still used in the East to invoke various deities .
it is developed from an eastern world view , and each of the postures adopted is still used in the east to [cause/call on] various deities .

This clause was requested by the smaller member states , notably the Netherlands , that do not have a sophisticated form of merger control and wished to be able to invoke Community powers where necessary .
this clause was requested by the smaller member states , notably the netherlands , that do not have a sophisticated form of merger control and wished to be able to [cause/call on] community powers where necessary .

Ceramics are valuable clinical materials because they invoke either a neutral or positive biological response in the body .
ceramics are valuable clinical materials because they [cause/call on] either a neutral or positive biological response in the body .

’ ; some are causal : ‘ because … happened first ’ ; some are typological : ‘ because it is an instance of … ‘ ; some invoke the existence of a social rule : ‘ because it is the custom ’ .
’ ; some are causal : ‘ because … happened first ’ ; some are typological : ‘ because it is an instance of … ‘ ; some [cause/call on] the existence of a social rule : ‘ because it is the custom ’ .

‘ Put yourself into the hands of a Gothic architect , tell him what you want , let him invoke his muse and his clerks , and know the result .
‘ put yourself into the hands of a gothic architect , tell him what you want , let him [cause/call on] his muse and his clerks , and know the result .

Rabbi Eliezer proceeded to invoke a variety of fantastic signs to support his view : at his command , a carob tree was uprooted and flew across the field , a stream flowed upstream , and the walls started to collapse before they were halted .
rabbi eliezer proceeded to [cause/call on] a variety of fantastic signs to support his view : at his command , a carob tree was uprooted and flew across the field , a stream flowed upstream , and the walls started to collapse before they were halted .

To find a way of striking down the Louisiana statute , the New Orleans butchers would have to invoke a constitutional prohibition that would override the presumed competence of the legislature .
to find a way of striking down the louisiana statute , the new orleans butchers would have to [cause/call on] a constitutional prohibition that would override the presumed competence of the legislature .

We need to add energy to resynthesize PP from P + P. To do so , I invoke an additional source of free energy in the form of an electron , e , which absorbs a photon , hv ; is driven endergonically to an excited state , e* , and falls back exergonically to its low-energy state , e , in a reaction that is coupled to the synthesis of PP from P + P .
we need to add energy to resynthesize pp from p + p. to do so , i [cause/call on] an additional source of free energy in the form of an electron , e , which absorbs a photon , hv ; is driven endergonically to an excited state , e* , and falls back exergonically to its low-energy state , e , in a reaction that is coupled to the synthesis of pp from p + p .

I now invoke the analogue of the gears , rods , and connectors in the form of hypothetical molecular couplings that control the reactions I have already invoked .
i now [cause/call on] the analogue of the gears , rods , and connectors in the form of hypothetical molecular couplings that control the reactions i have already invoked .

Finally , I will invoke a few more couplings .
finally , i will [cause/call on] a few more couplings .

I assume that one of the trimers , 5 ’ CCC3 ’ , is the catalyst that couples the exergonic loss of free energy from the activated electron , e* to e , with the resynthesis of PP from P + P. I invoke an allosteric inhibition of this catalysis by PP itself .
i assume that one of the trimers , 5 ’ ccc3 ’ , is the catalyst that couples the exergonic loss of free energy from the activated electron , e* to e , with the resynthesis of pp from p + p. i [cause/call on] an allosteric inhibition of this catalysis by pp itself .

Designed to invoke the castle architecture of the Tokugawa period , the theater was destroyed in an air raid in World War II and rebuilt in 1951 .
designed to [cause/call on] the castle architecture of the tokugawa period , the theater was destroyed in an air raid in world war ii and rebuilt in 1951 .

The left wall is allegorical , devoted to the bankers ’ widely acknowledged virtues , Prudence , Justice , Fortitude , and Temperance , while religious themes invoke their piety on the other walls .
the left wall is allegorical , devoted to the bankers ’ widely acknowledged virtues , prudence , justice , fortitude , and temperance , while religious themes [cause/call on] their piety on the other walls .

Section 605 : Avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis The Commission did not invoke any of the exemptions or special procedures authorized by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analyses .
section 605 : avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis the commission did not [cause/call on] any of the exemptions or special procedures authorized by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analyses .

In fact , the Vice President « s Counsel has already informed the House Committee on Energy and Commerce and the House Committee on Government Reform , that the meetings the support staff and other NEPDG members had were to gather information relevant to the NEPDG « s work and were not deliberative in The right to invoke Executive Privilege rests with the President , and Presidents have had different procedures for asserting it .
in fact , the vice president « s counsel has already informed the house committee on energy and commerce and the house committee on government reform , that the meetings the support staff and other nepdg members had were to gather information relevant to the nepdg « s work and were not deliberative in the right to [cause/call on] executive privilege rests with the president , and presidents have had different procedures for asserting it .

Again , the President determined whether to invoke the privilege .
again , the president determined whether to [cause/call on] the privilege .

Section 605 : Avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis The Commission did not invoke any of the exemptions or special procedures authorized by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analysis .
section 605 : avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis the commission did not [cause/call on] any of the exemptions or special procedures authorized by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analysis .

Section 605 : Avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis The Commission did not invoke any of the exemptions or special procedures authorized by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analysis .
section 605 : avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis the commission did not [cause/call on] any of the exemptions or special procedures authorized by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analysis .

Section 605 : Avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis The Commission did not invoke any of the exemptions or special procedures authorized by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analysis .
section 605 : avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis the commission did not [cause/call on] any of the exemptions or special procedures authorized by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analysis .

Section 605 : Avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis The Commission did not invoke any of the exemptions or special procedures authorized by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analysis .
section 605 : avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis the commission did not [cause/call on] any of the exemptions or special procedures authorized by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analysis .

This does not rule out the evolutionary theory of recombination modifiers , or that the location and intensity of recombination hotspots may evolve rapidly , but it does suggest that we may not need to invoke the evolutionary modifier theory to explain the existence of recombination hotspots .
this does not rule out the evolutionary theory of recombination modifiers , or that the location and intensity of recombination hotspots may evolve rapidly , but it does suggest that we may not need to [cause/call on] the evolutionary modifier theory to explain the existence of recombination hotspots .

The pharmaceutical industry would vigorously invoke Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act , the exemption for trade secrets and confidential business information [ 13 ] .
the pharmaceutical industry would vigorously [cause/call on] exemption 4 of the freedom of information act , the exemption for trade secrets and confidential business information [ 13 ] .

He had a consistent and completely rational world view without a need to invoke vitalism , or any non-material force ( M. Crick 2004 ) .
he had a consistent and completely rational world view without a need to [cause/call on] vitalism , or any non-material force ( m. crick 2004 ) .

This implies that the genetics of schizophrenia are different from other complex traits in the existence of very high degrees of etiological heterogeneity : schizophrenia is hyper-complex , and we need to invoke more complicated genetic models than other biomedical disorders .
this implies that the genetics of schizophrenia are different from other complex traits in the existence of very high degrees of etiological heterogeneity : schizophrenia is hyper-complex , and we need to [cause/call on] more complicated genetic models than other biomedical disorders .

He can deliver zingers , and he can also invoke the Almighty .
he can deliver zingers , and he can also [cause/call on] the almighty .

While accusing Clinton of invoking the Iraq conflict to delay the impeachment vote , Republicans invoke the Iraq conflict to expedite the impeachment vote .
while accusing clinton of invoking the iraq conflict to delay the impeachment vote , republicans [cause/call on] the iraq conflict to expedite the impeachment vote .

Nor do we believe in sex any more the way most American children and millions of adults believed in it a generation ago : as an act of profound mystery and importance that one did not engage in , or discuss , or even invoke , without a certain amount of excitement and risk .
nor do we believe in sex any more the way most american children and millions of adults believed in it a generation ago : as an act of profound mystery and importance that one did not engage in , or discuss , or even [cause/call on] , without a certain amount of excitement and risk .

I am myself conventionally `` pro-choice , '' but I would think it a dubious procedure to make that the criterion of when it was illegitimate to invoke the Holocaust , reserving the mantle of legitimacy for causes -- like humanitarian intervention , or the promotion of brotherhood and tolerance -- of which I approve .
i am myself conventionally `` pro-choice , '' but i would think it a dubious procedure to make that the criterion of when it was illegitimate to [cause/call on] the holocaust , reserving the mantle of legitimacy for causes -- like humanitarian intervention , or the promotion of brotherhood and tolerance -- of which i approve .

British Airways is an insufferably greedy little company , and so the Shopping Avenger was given no recourse but to invoke the power of his high office .
british airways is an insufferably greedy little company , and so the shopping avenger was given no recourse but to [cause/call on] the power of his high office .

I am somewhat surprised that you did not invoke that over-worn liberal word `` deterrent '' somewhere in your article .
i am somewhat surprised that you did not [cause/call on] that over-worn liberal word `` deterrent '' somewhere in your article .

Although layoffs violate the Giannini ethos -- in the bank 's first 80 years there were none -- the new masters were quick to invoke the founder 's blessing on the deal .
although layoffs violate the giannini ethos -- in the bank 's first 80 years there were none -- the new masters were quick to [cause/call on] the founder 's blessing on the deal .

There 's an argument to be made that when custom systematically changes the meaning of a law -- in this case , changes it by adding an important exception -- it 's a mistake to invoke the original meaning arbitrarily and without warning .
there 's an argument to be made that when custom systematically changes the meaning of a law -- in this case , changes it by adding an important exception -- it 's a mistake to [cause/call on] the original meaning arbitrarily and without warning .

I guess my question is whether Mr. Shepard is willing , even now , to concede that it is a fallacy to invoke unmeasured productivity as the source of our good numbers .
i guess my question is whether mr. shepard is willing , even now , to concede that it is a fallacy to [cause/call on] unmeasured productivity as the source of our good numbers .

When a challenger has these advantages and still manages to lose , his party will invoke the `` entrenched incumbent '' excuse anyway .
when a challenger has these advantages and still manages to lose , his party will [cause/call on] the `` entrenched incumbent '' excuse anyway .

He could invoke them if called before a grand jury and hope that word did n't leak out , but tragically -- and mysteriously ! -- it has a way of doing so .
he could [cause/call on] them if called before a grand jury and hope that word did n't leak out , but tragically -- and mysteriously ! -- it has a way of doing so .

The Clinton camp 's threat to invoke executive privilege is widely dismissed as a foolish delaying tactic .
the clinton camp 's threat to [cause/call on] executive privilege is widely dismissed as a foolish delaying tactic .

Will Clinton invoke executive privilege to veil conversations about the alleged hanky-panky with Monica ?
will clinton [cause/call on] executive privilege to veil conversations about the alleged hanky-panky with monica ?

Culturebox knows from having once casually tossed the words `` Final Solution '' into some light German cocktail banter that , in Germany , you do n't invoke a name like Speer 's in vain .
culturebox knows from having once casually tossed the words `` final solution '' into some light german cocktail banter that , in germany , you do n't [cause/call on] a name like speer 's in vain .

Clinton will however , the papers report , still pursue an effort in the courts to invoke attorney-client privilege to block Starr 's effort to question another aide , deputy White House counsel Bruce Lindsey .
clinton will however , the papers report , still pursue an effort in the courts to [cause/call on] attorney-client privilege to block starr 's effort to question another aide , deputy white house counsel bruce lindsey .

In response , says the paper , the administration is prepared to invoke the sweeping protection known as executive privilege as early as Thursday , when John Podesta , a deputy White House chief of staff , goes before the grand jury .
in response , says the paper , the administration is prepared to [cause/call on] the sweeping protection known as executive privilege as early as thursday , when john podesta , a deputy white house chief of staff , goes before the grand jury .

To oppose it they must invoke alternative standards of intellectual authority and legitimacy .
to oppose it they must [cause/call on] alternative standards of intellectual authority and legitimacy .

Banks ' choice of a starting point seems to invoke an expansive notion of the intellectual that includes some ( but not all ) academics , novelists , journalists , composers , artists , programmers , pundits , and poets -- an idea I think muddies more than it clarifies .
banks ' choice of a starting point seems to [cause/call on] an expansive notion of the intellectual that includes some ( but not all ) academics , novelists , journalists , composers , artists , programmers , pundits , and poets -- an idea i think muddies more than it clarifies .

To invoke a computer-industry cliché , process is a strange metric to judge the success of a piece of journalism .
to [cause/call on] a computer-industry cliché , process is a strange metric to judge the success of a piece of journalism .

Over the years , pro-choicers have continued to invoke medical expertise , particularly by rigging polls to ask whether `` a woman and her doctor '' ( as opposed to a woman alone ) should be entrusted with the abortion decision .
over the years , pro-choicers have continued to [cause/call on] medical expertise , particularly by rigging polls to ask whether `` a woman and her doctor '' ( as opposed to a woman alone ) should be entrusted with the abortion decision .

The writers do not invoke the language of sin .
the writers do not [cause/call on] the language of sin .

You see the confusion when biological parents invoke `` blood ties '' to reclaim a child from adoptive parents .
you see the confusion when biological parents [cause/call on] `` blood ties '' to reclaim a child from adoptive parents .

Proponents of the ingeniously named California Civil Rights Initiative , which would forbid all state government affirmative-action policies , routinely invoke the sentence from King 's `` I Have a Dream '' speech looking forward to the day his children would be judged not by the `` color of their skin '' but by `` the content of their character . ''
proponents of the ingeniously named california civil rights initiative , which would forbid all state government affirmative-action policies , routinely [cause/call on] the sentence from king 's `` i have a dream '' speech looking forward to the day his children would be judged not by the `` color of their skin '' but by `` the content of their character . ''

In the debate over Kosovo , opponents of American military action ( including many of those former enthusiasts ) invoke a sort of reverse domino theory : If we save anyone from mass murder or humanitarian disaster , we 'll find ourselves doing it again and again .
in the debate over kosovo , opponents of american military action ( including many of those former enthusiasts ) [cause/call on] a sort of reverse domino theory : if we save anyone from mass murder or humanitarian disaster , we 'll find ourselves doing it again and again .

Unfortunately , most of today 's credibility mongers invoke credibility precisely to avoid such a moral commitment .
unfortunately , most of today 's credibility mongers [cause/call on] credibility precisely to avoid such a moral commitment .

Clinton 's critics invoke the specter of Vietnam by warning against an unwise `` commitment '' to war in Kosovo .
clinton 's critics [cause/call on] the specter of vietnam by warning against an unwise `` commitment '' to war in kosovo .

Interventionists also invoke history .
interventionists also [cause/call on] history .

This time around , Congress is n't even bothering to invoke the war powers clause or resolution .
this time around , congress is n't even bothering to [cause/call on] the war powers clause or resolution .

Last year he tried and failed to invoke the War Powers Resolution for the Bosnia mission .
last year he tried and failed to [cause/call on] the war powers resolution for the bosnia mission .

Pressed about their cautious conduct of the war , Clinton 's putative idealists invoke the classic realist alibi : impossibility .
pressed about their cautious conduct of the war , clinton 's putative idealists [cause/call on] the classic realist alibi : impossibility .

Only after months of the press chiding them for their `` double standard '' did the groups begin to invoke the presumption on behalf of Kathleen Willey .
only after months of the press chiding them for their `` double standard '' did the groups begin to [cause/call on] the presumption on behalf of kathleen willey .

Supporters of McCain-Feingold will probably need not just 50 votes for victory ( with the tie to be broken by Al Gore ) but 60 votes to invoke `` cloture '' and break a filibuster .
supporters of mccain-feingold will probably need not just 50 votes for victory ( with the tie to be broken by al gore ) but 60 votes to [cause/call on] `` cloture '' and break a filibuster .

The authors recommended that the federal government invoke an obscure provision of the Controlled Substances Act of 1917 to revoke the licenses of doctors who dare to act on Proposition 215 , and that the Drug Enforcement Administration ignore state authorities and `` use its power '' to `` move unilaterally '' against pro-pot doctors .
the authors recommended that the federal government [cause/call on] an obscure provision of the controlled substances act of 1917 to revoke the licenses of doctors who dare to act on proposition 215 , and that the drug enforcement administration ignore state authorities and `` use its power '' to `` move unilaterally '' against pro-pot doctors .

He 's a Republican good ol ' boy from Yazoo City , Miss. , whose colorful metaphors invariably invoke pigs , dogs , and mules .
he 's a republican good ol ' boy from yazoo city , miss. , whose colorful metaphors invariably [cause/call on] pigs , dogs , and mules .

You 'd have to invoke your own gods for the requisite charm .
you 'd have to [cause/call on] your own gods for the requisite charm .

Men 's skating costumes are strictly simple and symmetrical , beginning with long , black trousers that invoke Fred Astaire , even when worn with a loose , rolled-sleeved , open-necked black shirt , or with various Star Trek effects above the waist .
men 's skating costumes are strictly simple and symmetrical , beginning with long , black trousers that [cause/call on] fred astaire , even when worn with a loose , rolled-sleeved , open-necked black shirt , or with various star trek effects above the waist .

Such a plurality of Does is typically cause to invoke the variant forms .
such a plurality of does is typically cause to [cause/call on] the variant forms .

You can not display the entire word list to examine it , but , from the directory of programs I can invoke on the monitor , I know it contains about 223,000 characters , or about 37,000 words .
you can not display the entire word list to examine it , but , from the directory of programs i can [cause/call on] on the monitor , i know it contains about 223,000 characters , or about 37,000 words .

All doubt in that department is at an end : call up an entry on the screen , invoke the FILE , and a menu opens to reveal a number of choices that allow one to print the entire entry or only the part that has been highlighted .
all doubt in that department is at an end : call up an entry on the screen , [cause/call on] the file , and a menu opens to reveal a number of choices that allow one to print the entire entry or only the part that has been highlighted .

Maybe , as we are about to invoke on a course ... ( U.S. Army chaplain in Vicenza , Italy , addressing troops soon to embark for Bosnia . )
maybe , as we are about to [cause/call on] on a course ... ( u.s. army chaplain in vicenza , italy , addressing troops soon to embark for bosnia . )

I have not seen the word list , but , from the directory of programs I can invoke on the monitor , I know it contains about 223,000 characters , or about 37,000 words .
i have not seen the word list , but , from the directory of programs i can [cause/call on] on the monitor , i know it contains about 223,000 characters , or about 37,000 words .

This approach is often used by “ entertainers ” who invoke strange names of strange people to demonstrate to an audience that they are au fait with the latest , though I am never quite sure “ the latest what. ” It is also the technique of the “ in ” joke shared between such entertainers and their audiences , though how “ in ” something can be when shared with thousands is debatable .
this approach is often used by “ entertainers ” who [cause/call on] strange names of strange people to demonstrate to an audience that they are au fait with the latest , though i am never quite sure “ the latest what. ” it is also the technique of the “ in ” joke shared between such entertainers and their audiences , though how “ in ” something can be when shared with thousands is debatable .

