The Revenue Service disallowed the claim , invoking a law provision that generally bars deductions for expenses incurred in connection with what it said was tax-exempt income .
the revenue service disallowed the claim , [causing/calling on] a law provision that generally bars deductions for expenses incurred in connection with what it said was tax-exempt income .

At one time , while still under the impression that he was dealing with a Cuban plot , the President talked about invoking a total embargo on trade with Cuba .
at one time , while still under the impression that he was dealing with a cuban plot , the president talked about [causing/calling on] a total embargo on trade with cuba .

Palfrey told his wife of his intentions for the first time , and left for New Orleans apprehensively invoking a special blessing of Providence that he might be allowed to see his family again .
palfrey told his wife of his intentions for the first time , and left for new orleans apprehensively [causing/calling on] a special blessing of providence that he might be allowed to see his family again .

`` We the people of the Confederate States , each state acting in its sovereign and independent character , in order to form a permanent federal government , establish justice , insure domestic tranquility , and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity -- invoking the favor and the guidance of Almighty God -- do ordain and establish this Constitution for the Confederate States of America '' .
`` we the people of the confederate states , each state acting in its sovereign and independent character , in order to form a permanent federal government , establish justice , insure domestic tranquility , and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity -- [causing/calling on] the favor and the guidance of almighty god -- do ordain and establish this constitution for the confederate states of america '' .

The intervention has taken the form of more or less open ministerial arm-twisting rather than the invoking of statutory powers .
the intervention has taken the form of more or less open ministerial arm-twisting rather than the [causing/calling on] of statutory powers .

In fact , Laplace transformation of an entire equation that has been obtained by invoking one of Kirchhoff 's laws converts it from integro-differential form into algebraic form .
in fact , laplace transformation of an entire equation that has been obtained by [causing/calling on] one of kirchhoff 's laws converts it from integro-differential form into algebraic form .

What neither seemed to realise at Manchester was that the umpire was invoking Law 42 , Unfair Play , which covers intimidation — without reference to deliveries above the shoulder .
what neither seemed to realise at manchester was that the umpire was [causing/calling on] law 42 , unfair play , which covers intimidation — without reference to deliveries above the shoulder .

Contrary to the claims of certain American commentators , Derrida 's uncharacteristically emphatic endorsement here of Althusser 's project with regard to the possibility of ‘ intervallic , differentiated ’ histories , suggests the problems involved in invoking Althusser as an ‘ answer ’ to Derrida ; both are equally distrustful of any form of Hegelian historicism .
contrary to the claims of certain american commentators , derrida 's uncharacteristically emphatic endorsement here of althusser 's project with regard to the possibility of ‘ intervallic , differentiated ’ histories , suggests the problems involved in [causing/calling on] althusser as an ‘ answer ’ to derrida ; both are equally distrustful of any form of hegelian historicism .

Douglas promises to ‘ use naturalistic observation of everyday clinical practice ’ , and ‘ use Psychotherapeutic skills ’ , without questioning whether the methodological standards she is invoking here might themselves be gendered .
douglas promises to ‘ use naturalistic observation of everyday clinical practice ’ , and ‘ use psychotherapeutic skills ’ , without questioning whether the methodological standards she is [causing/calling on] here might themselves be gendered .

The 1986 Peacock Committee , for example , considered the future of television in Britain by invoking parallels with the press and the abolition of pre-publication censorship in 1694 .
the 1986 peacock committee , for example , considered the future of television in britain by [causing/calling on] parallels with the press and the abolition of pre-publication censorship in 1694 .

Novels , newspapers and films feed the public with the ideas of a Freud without ever invoking his name .
novels , newspapers and films feed the public with the ideas of a freud without ever [causing/calling on] his name .

The preference-belief is then seen to generate , simply by invoking the human precedent , a whole series of other attributes with which ‘ we begin to approach a fair rendering of the mental life of these creatures ’ ( 81 ) : perception , memory , desire , belief , self-consciousness , intention , a sense of the future , emotions , and the capacity to experience pleasure and pain .
the preference-belief is then seen to generate , simply by [causing/calling on] the human precedent , a whole series of other attributes with which ‘ we begin to approach a fair rendering of the mental life of these creatures ’ ( 81 ) : perception , memory , desire , belief , self-consciousness , intention , a sense of the future , emotions , and the capacity to experience pleasure and pain .

Admittedly , moral theories have a distinguished lineage and a rhetorical advantage can be gained by invoking them , or , indeed , inventing them , particularly if we include , as we should , the world 's religious dogmas .
admittedly , moral theories have a distinguished lineage and a rhetorical advantage can be gained by [causing/calling on] them , or , indeed , inventing them , particularly if we include , as we should , the world 's religious dogmas .

They had come to relish their small but growing role as political and social observers , invoking the spirit of ‘ May Fourth ’ .
they had come to relish their small but growing role as political and social observers , [causing/calling on] the spirit of ‘ may fourth ’ .

Worse still , they are accused of invoking official secrecy to conceal the deception .
worse still , they are accused of [causing/calling on] official secrecy to conceal the deception .

The idiom is significant : we attach meanings to linguistic expressions , and we do this by invoking some pre-existing knowledge or other , or some co-existing feature of the situation of utterance .
the idiom is significant : we attach meanings to linguistic expressions , and we do this by [causing/calling on] some pre-existing knowledge or other , or some co-existing feature of the situation of utterance .

It is well known in Shetland that the best of the fishing skippers of old had the ability to sense the correct course to steer in fog or darkness , by invoking a sort of ‘ sixth sense ’ , and that it was n't long after the invention of the compass before that ability faded and was lost for ever .
it is well known in shetland that the best of the fishing skippers of old had the ability to sense the correct course to steer in fog or darkness , by [causing/calling on] a sort of ‘ sixth sense ’ , and that it was n't long after the invention of the compass before that ability faded and was lost for ever .

Rather than invoking preservation bias or seasonal occupation of the habitat to explain the geological record , we should rule out the freezing winters and torrid summers simulated by the climate models .
rather than [causing/calling on] preservation bias or seasonal occupation of the habitat to explain the geological record , we should rule out the freezing winters and torrid summers simulated by the climate models .

He was particularly scathing of any suggestion of romanticisation , invoking the later , revised view of Engels of criminals as parasites on their own class and ideologically and politically at odds with the worker 's movement towards socialism .
he was particularly scathing of any suggestion of romanticisation , [causing/calling on] the later , revised view of engels of criminals as parasites on their own class and ideologically and politically at odds with the worker 's movement towards socialism .

One merely has to allow that harming others may itself be resisted by invoking the sanction of the criminal law .
one merely has to allow that harming others may itself be resisted by [causing/calling on] the sanction of the criminal law .

Inside were three bottles of pills , a card on which was printed a prayer invoking the assistance of the Virgin Mary , and a small black book .
inside were three bottles of pills , a card on which was printed a prayer [causing/calling on] the assistance of the virgin mary , and a small black book .

To justify their failure to grant compensation , French authorities argue they could have simply stopped ‘ Jardin a Auvers ’ from leaving the country by invoking the 1941 Vichy law , which makes no provision for compensation .
to justify their failure to grant compensation , french authorities argue they could have simply stopped ‘ jardin a auvers ’ from leaving the country by [causing/calling on] the 1941 vichy law , which makes no provision for compensation .

Perhaps this was the ‘ green and pleasant land ’ that Blake was invoking .
perhaps this was the ‘ green and pleasant land ’ that blake was [causing/calling on] .

Radcliffe-Brown , however , elegantly shows us how we can make sense of all this without invoking the tenuous spectre of an earlier ‘ matriarchal ’ stage which he points out would actually have quite the opposite influence .
radcliffe-brown , however , elegantly shows us how we can make sense of all this without [causing/calling on] the tenuous spectre of an earlier ‘ matriarchal ’ stage which he points out would actually have quite the opposite influence .

So once we adopt this purposive , functional approach and set the problem in its structural context social behaviour makes sense without invoking hypothetical historical antecedents .
so once we adopt this purposive , functional approach and set the problem in its structural context social behaviour makes sense without [causing/calling on] hypothetical historical antecedents .

Adults take great delight in frightening them by invoking unexperienced horrors , such as being confronted by a Malay or a tiger .
adults take great delight in frightening them by [causing/calling on] unexperienced horrors , such as being confronted by a malay or a tiger .

Even before the pathologist had finished at the scene and the head was wrapped , the hands mittened in their plastic bags , even before Doc Kynaston got to work with his scalpels , the corpse would be an exhibit , more important , more cumbersome and more difficult to preserve than other exhibits in the case , but still an exhibit , tagged , documented , dehumanized , invoking only interest , curiosity or disgust .
even before the pathologist had finished at the scene and the head was wrapped , the hands mittened in their plastic bags , even before doc kynaston got to work with his scalpels , the corpse would be an exhibit , more important , more cumbersome and more difficult to preserve than other exhibits in the case , but still an exhibit , tagged , documented , dehumanized , [causing/calling on] only interest , curiosity or disgust .

‘ My mother , ’ said Melanie , invoking her with difficulty , ‘ wore hats and gloves and sometimes sat on committees . ’
‘ my mother , ’ said melanie , [causing/calling on] her with difficulty , ‘ wore hats and gloves and sometimes sat on committees . ’

The men gathered to watch her , their arrows and spears ready to kill her , but she flew high , invoking the power of Callanish for advice on how best to attack ant take revenge .
the men gathered to watch her , their arrows and spears ready to kill her , but she flew high , [causing/calling on] the power of callanish for advice on how best to attack ant take revenge .

She stood up , cheeks bulging , and started to tear off her clothes , walking in a ragged circle as if invoking the spirits of the place .
she stood up , cheeks bulging , and started to tear off her clothes , walking in a ragged circle as if [causing/calling on] the spirits of the place .

He also cultivated friendly neutrals , such as Indonesia : in March 1959 he issued a communiqué jointly with Sukarno invoking the ‘ spirit of Bandung ’ .
he also cultivated friendly neutrals , such as indonesia : in march 1959 he issued a communiqué jointly with sukarno [causing/calling on] the ‘ spirit of bandung ’ .

The Bernie poem seamlessly knitted together images invoking empire , sovereignty and sexuality , with a concluding exhortation to violence .
the bernie poem seamlessly knitted together images [causing/calling on] empire , sovereignty and sexuality , with a concluding exhortation to violence .

It seemed to come from another world of reference , an older , ordinary world , of platitude and cliché , of pattern and familiar family ties , a world that she had thought they had never entered , for many good reasons never entered : and now here was Charles himself , invoking its terms , as though it had been there always , as though they had always inhabited its domain .
it seemed to come from another world of reference , an older , ordinary world , of platitude and cliché , of pattern and familiar family ties , a world that she had thought they had never entered , for many good reasons never entered : and now here was charles himself , [causing/calling on] its terms , as though it had been there always , as though they had always inhabited its domain .

In international law generally the duty to exhaust domestic remedies is to protect the interests of States but , in the context of the protection of human rights , also because the institutions in Strasbourg regard the development of effective domestic mechanisms for their protection as a necessary concomitant of the international procedures : individuals are required to make use of what the national systems provide before invoking the international jurisdiction .
in international law generally the duty to exhaust domestic remedies is to protect the interests of states but , in the context of the protection of human rights , also because the institutions in strasbourg regard the development of effective domestic mechanisms for their protection as a necessary concomitant of the international procedures : individuals are required to make use of what the national systems provide before [causing/calling on] the international jurisdiction .

Invoking state regulatory mechanisms to improve the quality of the service provided is likely to be complex .
[causing/calling on] state regulatory mechanisms to improve the quality of the service provided is likely to be complex .

Stratford responded by invoking Magna Carta 's principle of trial by peers , which for him at that time meant trial by the lords in parliament .
stratford responded by [causing/calling on] magna carta 's principle of trial by peers , which for him at that time meant trial by the lords in parliament .

‘ Again , a landlord who has obtained an order for possession may still be entitled to re-enter peaceably without invoking the assistance of the sheriff , even during a stay of execution ; but this may now be confined to cases where nobody is lawfully in residence .
‘ again , a landlord who has obtained an order for possession may still be entitled to re-enter peaceably without [causing/calling on] the assistance of the sheriff , even during a stay of execution ; but this may now be confined to cases where nobody is lawfully in residence .

But now the stores have taken the more formidable step of invoking Community law .
but now the stores have taken the more formidable step of [causing/calling on] community law .

Then , he could soak in the vivid feeling of the song until the sweat stood out in gobbets on his forehead and his veins swelled in his neck like vines and Nunzia and Maria Filippa listening would wring their hands , invoking the protection of all the saints against that winged demon Fate flapping at his back .
then , he could soak in the vivid feeling of the song until the sweat stood out in gobbets on his forehead and his veins swelled in his neck like vines and nunzia and maria filippa listening would wring their hands , [causing/calling on] the protection of all the saints against that winged demon fate flapping at his back .

In particular , they supported their case by invoking the plight of the ‘ surplus ’ women , who , through no fault of their own , found themselves either reliant on the good offices of a male relative or obliged to earn their own living .
in particular , they supported their case by [causing/calling on] the plight of the ‘ surplus ’ women , who , through no fault of their own , found themselves either reliant on the good offices of a male relative or obliged to earn their own living .

Flaherty took a drop more of the giants ' mulled wine than was good for him and very nearly disgraced his fellows by reciting an extremely improper poem , describing the exploits of a fair maiden who had fallen foul of a wicked and lustfully intentioned knight , but who had then escaped by invoking a demon who withered the knight 's passion .
flaherty took a drop more of the giants ' mulled wine than was good for him and very nearly disgraced his fellows by reciting an extremely improper poem , describing the exploits of a fair maiden who had fallen foul of a wicked and lustfully intentioned knight , but who had then escaped by [causing/calling on] a demon who withered the knight 's passion .

In fact , Flaherty thought it was a better idea than invoking the Draoicht Suan until it was explained to him that unless Pumlumon did invoke it , they would all of them be roasting on spits in the Gruagach 's sculleries before the night was out , to which he said that giants had always been partial to roast Gnome and he had always thought it was a mistake to come to Tara in the first place .
in fact , flaherty thought it was a better idea than [causing/calling on] the draoicht suan until it was explained to him that unless pumlumon did invoke it , they would all of them be roasting on spits in the gruagach 's sculleries before the night was out , to which he said that giants had always been partial to roast gnome and he had always thought it was a mistake to come to tara in the first place .

Max Beerbohm described Irving as having ‘ an incomparable power for eeriness , for stirring a dim sense of mystery ; and not less masterly was he in invoking a dim sense of horror ’ .
max beerbohm described irving as having ‘ an incomparable power for eeriness , for stirring a dim sense of mystery ; and not less masterly was he in [causing/calling on] a dim sense of horror ’ .

The village youths had taken to roaring round and round of an evening on highly powered Japanese motorcycles from which the silencers had been removed ; those distressed by this were invoking the law , the youths laughed , their friends and relations pointed out that they 'd paid their road-tax , had n't they , like anyone else ?
the village youths had taken to roaring round and round of an evening on highly powered japanese motorcycles from which the silencers had been removed ; those distressed by this were [causing/calling on] the law , the youths laughed , their friends and relations pointed out that they 'd paid their road-tax , had n't they , like anyone else ?

Twelve years later , Sir John Liddel , Director-General of the Naval Medical Department , justified arguments for the hygienic control of diseased prostitutes by invoking the general principles of state medicine .
twelve years later , sir john liddel , director-general of the naval medical department , justified arguments for the hygienic control of diseased prostitutes by [causing/calling on] the general principles of state medicine .

To begin with Darwin had solved this problem by invoking geographical isolation .
to begin with darwin had solved this problem by [causing/calling on] geographical isolation .

The fact that seeds could be carried for hundreds of miles by strong winds allowed the supporters of dispersal to explain any case of anomalous distribution by invoking such an accidental circumstance .
the fact that seeds could be carried for hundreds of miles by strong winds allowed the supporters of dispersal to explain any case of anomalous distribution by [causing/calling on] such an accidental circumstance .

Decolonization was associated with independence movements invoking strongly nationalistic , anti-imperialist sentiments , and the subsequent creation of a number of new , formally sovereign and independent states .
decolonization was associated with independence movements [causing/calling on] strongly nationalistic , anti-imperialist sentiments , and the subsequent creation of a number of new , formally sovereign and independent states .

Far from invoking a sense of wakeful alertness , the essence seemed only to induce further drowsiness .
far from [causing/calling on] a sense of wakeful alertness , the essence seemed only to induce further drowsiness .

Fole and the others help him complete his designs , and subsequently assist in invoking the spirits .
fole and the others help him complete his designs , and subsequently assist in [causing/calling on] the spirits .

5.3 If at any time there has been any [ material ] noncompliance by the Landlord with any of [ its ] obligations under clause 2 or by the Tenant with any of [ its ] obligations under clause 3 and such default shall continue for or shall not be remedied to the [ reasonable ] satisfaction of the party not in default within [ 15 ] working days ( time being of the essence ) after service on the party in default by the other part of a notice specifying the default and invoking the provisions of this clause then the provisions of clause 5.4 shall have effect immediately upon the expiry of the relevant period
5.3 if at any time there has been any [ material ] noncompliance by the landlord with any of [ its ] obligations under clause 2 or by the tenant with any of [ its ] obligations under clause 3 and such default shall continue for or shall not be remedied to the [ reasonable ] satisfaction of the party not in default within [ 15 ] working days ( time being of the essence ) after service on the party in default by the other part of a notice specifying the default and [causing/calling on] the provisions of this clause then the provisions of clause 5.4 shall have effect immediately upon the expiry of the relevant period

Anderson attempts to abnegate personal responsibility by assuming the role of tutor , treating his own behaviour as if it were an ethical test case , and invoking more complex philosophical arguments to support his position : His uncertainty , however , undermines his attempt to fob off Hollar with philosophical justifications .
anderson attempts to abnegate personal responsibility by assuming the role of tutor , treating his own behaviour as if it were an ethical test case , and [causing/calling on] more complex philosophical arguments to support his position : his uncertainty , however , undermines his attempt to fob off hollar with philosophical justifications .

On other occasions , the public interest of an `` illegal `` revelation has tipped the balance against invoking legal discipline against the journalist who revealed it .
on other occasions , the public interest of an `` illegal `` revelation has tipped the balance against [causing/calling on] legal discipline against the journalist who revealed it .

( For the purposes of this paper , the words ‘ hautbois ’ , ‘ oboe ’ , or ‘ bassoon ’ merely refer to double-reed instruments , without invoking the question of whether these were shawms , Baroque-style instruments , or something in between on the evolutionary scale . )
( for the purposes of this paper , the words ‘ hautbois ’ , ‘ oboe ’ , or ‘ bassoon ’ merely refer to double-reed instruments , without [causing/calling on] the question of whether these were shawms , baroque-style instruments , or something in between on the evolutionary scale . )

Not only is it hard to see how the buyer can then bring an action for breach of contract , as opposed to invoking the express remedies of the clause , but , even if he were able to , there is no reason why general exclusion clauses capping liability or excluding liability for economic loss should not be effective , since they would then only have to pass the reasonableness test .
not only is it hard to see how the buyer can then bring an action for breach of contract , as opposed to [causing/calling on] the express remedies of the clause , but , even if he were able to , there is no reason why general exclusion clauses capping liability or excluding liability for economic loss should not be effective , since they would then only have to pass the reasonableness test .

Even more notably it was the speech , not of a subordinate minister , but of a leader , striking a new note , and invoking an enthusiastic response from a broad segment of the electorate .
even more notably it was the speech , not of a subordinate minister , but of a leader , striking a new note , and [causing/calling on] an enthusiastic response from a broad segment of the electorate .

In the end , Clara , exasperated beyond endurance , brought up once more the possibility of cremation ( not daring to mention , even in her own mind , which had not quite forsaken filial tenderness , the possibility of the once-praised dust cart ) and Mrs Maugham , square , immutable , said quite astonishingly for her , and invoking sanctions she had been deriding for thirty years , that ashes must go to ashes and dust to dust .
in the end , clara , exasperated beyond endurance , brought up once more the possibility of cremation ( not daring to mention , even in her own mind , which had not quite forsaken filial tenderness , the possibility of the once-praised dust cart ) and mrs maugham , square , immutable , said quite astonishingly for her , and [causing/calling on] sanctions she had been deriding for thirty years , that ashes must go to ashes and dust to dust .

Thus by invoking the idea of the freedom of a property owner to make any contract with respect to his property the power accorded to corporate managers appears legitimate , being the outcome of ordinary principles of freedom of contract .
thus by [causing/calling on] the idea of the freedom of a property owner to make any contract with respect to his property the power accorded to corporate managers appears legitimate , being the outcome of ordinary principles of freedom of contract .

Basquiat père was shocked at the depiction of his son 's drug addiction in press accounts of the artist 's death , and the elder Basquiat 's lawyer says the estate may sue to stop the film , invoking laws in at least thirteen American states that enable an estate to stop the showing of a film because of objections to the exploitation of a physical likeness on the screen .
basquiat père was shocked at the depiction of his son 's drug addiction in press accounts of the artist 's death , and the elder basquiat 's lawyer says the estate may sue to stop the film , [causing/calling on] laws in at least thirteen american states that enable an estate to stop the showing of a film because of objections to the exploitation of a physical likeness on the screen .

Currently the Commission is , however , considering giving grants towards pilot restoration projects in Venice , invoking the special clause of the structural funds which allows for grants to urban areas outside declining or under-developed regions .
currently the commission is , however , considering giving grants towards pilot restoration projects in venice , [causing/calling on] the special clause of the structural funds which allows for grants to urban areas outside declining or under-developed regions .

The point of law was never decided , since leading counsel for Mrs Whitehouse withdrew the prosecution and the Attorney General then terminated the case by invoking the nolle prosequi procedure , leaving each side claiming victory .
the point of law was never decided , since leading counsel for mrs whitehouse withdrew the prosecution and the attorney general then terminated the case by [causing/calling on] the nolle prosequi procedure , leaving each side claiming victory .

By invoking the idea of modes , then , we obtain a much sharper distinction between the purposes of the historian and the lawyer than Dicey outlines .
by [causing/calling on] the idea of modes , then , we obtain a much sharper distinction between the purposes of the historian and the lawyer than dicey outlines .

We have already mentioned Jesus 's triumphal entry into Jerusalem on an ass , to the accompaniment of a throng waving palm branches , spreading their cloaks in the road before him and invoking blessings on the son of David , the rightful king .
we have already mentioned jesus 's triumphal entry into jerusalem on an ass , to the accompaniment of a throng waving palm branches , spreading their cloaks in the road before him and [causing/calling on] blessings on the son of david , the rightful king .

‘ If there are no changes whatever , we will have to think about invoking the motion , ’ said Mr Burgess .
‘ if there are no changes whatever , we will have to think about [causing/calling on] the motion , ’ said mr burgess .

In the first 2 months there would normally be little benefit in invoking any of the actions shown above .
in the first 2 months there would normally be little benefit in [causing/calling on] any of the actions shown above .

Definitions of Wilful Act are many and varied and in many cases of little benefit to the claims handler when considering invoking the exclusion to repudiate a claim .
definitions of wilful act are many and varied and in many cases of little benefit to the claims handler when considering [causing/calling on] the exclusion to repudiate a claim .

employers invoking disciplinary proceedings resulting in dismissal
employers [causing/calling on] disciplinary proceedings resulting in dismissal

Such a solution was found by the government by invoking , with the King 's agreement , a clause in the Constitution dealing with the sovereign 's `` incapacity to reign `` which empowered parliament to suspend the sovereign and execute his functions .
such a solution was found by the government by [causing/calling on] , with the king 's agreement , a clause in the constitution dealing with the sovereign 's `` incapacity to reign `` which empowered parliament to suspend the sovereign and execute his functions .

Is there a timetable for reaching agreement , with failure to agree invoking the disputes procedure ?
is there a timetable for reaching agreement , with failure to agree [causing/calling on] the disputes procedure ?

Friend agree that it is a disgrace that chief constables across the country have declared a policy of not invoking section 39 if a civil remedy is available to the landowner ?
friend agree that it is a disgrace that chief constables across the country have declared a policy of not [causing/calling on] section 39 if a civil remedy is available to the landowner ?

It is not surprising that , in those circumstances , very few tenants are invoking the arbitration procedures .
it is not surprising that , in those circumstances , very few tenants are [causing/calling on] the arbitration procedures .

Our experimental findings show how the subjects were working through these : in the first repetition , ( a ) was attempted rather amateurishly and ( b ) invoked by relatively few ; in the second repetition , many were beginning to apply ( a ) successively ( many put output in period eight equal to 250 which is where marginal cost equals expected price ) , many more were applying ( b ) and a sizeable number ( enough to effect our regression and probit results ) were invoking both ( c ) and ( d ) , though understandably the ( c ) effects were more pronounced .
our experimental findings show how the subjects were working through these : in the first repetition , ( a ) was attempted rather amateurishly and ( b ) invoked by relatively few ; in the second repetition , many were beginning to apply ( a ) successively ( many put output in period eight equal to 250 which is where marginal cost equals expected price ) , many more were applying ( b ) and a sizeable number ( enough to effect our regression and probit results ) were [causing/calling on] both ( c ) and ( d ) , though understandably the ( c ) effects were more pronounced .

Higher order lagged dependent variables may be introduced by invoking additional adjustment costs arising , for example , from an acceleration in portfolio investment .
higher order lagged dependent variables may be introduced by [causing/calling on] additional adjustment costs arising , for example , from an acceleration in portfolio investment .

The chronicler William of Newburgh was disposed to believe that King Sverre of Norway had brought about the destruction of King Magnus 's fleet in 1186 by invoking the Devil .
the chronicler william of newburgh was disposed to believe that king sverre of norway had brought about the destruction of king magnus 's fleet in 1186 by [causing/calling on] the devil .

The main body of the 1992 budget , approved by the Council of Ministers on Sept. 18 [ see p. 38445 ] , and presented to the National Assembly on Oct. 15 , was adopted on Oct. 20 by invoking Article 49.3 of the Constitution ( `` engagement of the government 's responsibility `` ) , whereby legislation could be adopted on first reading unless the opposition tabled a vote of censure .
the main body of the 1992 budget , approved by the council of ministers on sept. 18 [ see p. 38445 ] , and presented to the national assembly on oct. 15 , was adopted on oct. 20 by [causing/calling on] article 49.3 of the constitution ( `` engagement of the government 's responsibility `` ) , whereby legislation could be adopted on first reading unless the opposition tabled a vote of censure .

With regard to the world conference on human rights due to take place in 1993 it noted the " persistent side-tracking of economic , social and cultural aspects of human rights by some members of the international community , while invoking civil and political aspects of human rights as a condition for extending economic and social development assistance " .
with regard to the world conference on human rights due to take place in 1993 it noted the " persistent side-tracking of economic , social and cultural aspects of human rights by some members of the international community , while [causing/calling on] civil and political aspects of human rights as a condition for extending economic and social development assistance " .

On Nov. 23 the government responded to the deteriorating situation by invoking new emergency measures requiring all householders and their guests to register with the police .
on nov. 23 the government responded to the deteriorating situation by [causing/calling on] new emergency measures requiring all householders and their guests to register with the police .

Rather , they use Creole as part of their overall language-mixing strategy , invoking the Creole/English dichotomy for its symbolic value in similar ways , whether speaking to their own generation or an older one .
rather , they use creole as part of their overall language-mixing strategy , [causing/calling on] the creole/english dichotomy for its symbolic value in similar ways , whether speaking to their own generation or an older one .

The smith was invoking the part of the Elizabethan Poor Law which required the parish to assist the able-bodied to work .
the smith was [causing/calling on] the part of the elizabethan poor law which required the parish to assist the able-bodied to work .

Schenk ( 1987 ) supported her arguments on the importance of problems of language , reality and illusion by invoking `` `` a rising interest in the thirteenth century in the power of language and the complexities of its interpretation `` `` .
schenk ( 1987 ) supported her arguments on the importance of problems of language , reality and illusion by [causing/calling on] `` `` a rising interest in the thirteenth century in the power of language and the complexities of its interpretation `` `` .

These bitter words express the pity and patheticness of Tithonus situation so invoking emotions of sympathy .
these bitter words express the pity and patheticness of tithonus situation so [causing/calling on] emotions of sympathy .

Union leaders , however , were already invoking probable mortgage rises as a reason for an increase in excess of 10 per cent .
union leaders , however , were already [causing/calling on] probable mortgage rises as a reason for an increase in excess of 10 per cent .

Some of the houses had a curious cruciform shape , with mottoes carved into the lintels , usually invoking God 's blessing .
some of the houses had a curious cruciform shape , with mottoes carved into the lintels , usually [causing/calling on] god 's blessing .

In one cultural set , in which Poindexter was ‘ Schubert ’ and Shultz ‘ Molière ’ , North called himself ‘ Wagner ’ , invoking the flames of Götterdämmerung .
in one cultural set , in which poindexter was ‘ schubert ’ and shultz ‘ molière ’ , north called himself ‘ wagner ’ , [causing/calling on] the flames of götterdämmerung .

It is not enough to explain this , as some outsiders and many insiders did , by invoking some theory of social inertia , to the effect that Libyans still had a Bedouin mentality .
it is not enough to explain this , as some outsiders and many insiders did , by [causing/calling on] some theory of social inertia , to the effect that libyans still had a bedouin mentality .

Peter Yeo , who had personally persuaded Barton of the presentational disadvantage of using words like ‘ darkies ’ , ‘ niggers ’ or ‘ wogs ’ , decided that ‘ immigrants ’ even though used in the manner of one invoking a curse , was as good as he was going to get with this particular client .
peter yeo , who had personally persuaded barton of the presentational disadvantage of using words like ‘ darkies ’ , ‘ niggers ’ or ‘ wogs ’ , decided that ‘ immigrants ’ even though used in the manner of one [causing/calling on] a curse , was as good as he was going to get with this particular client .

‘ Have we tried lunch ? ’ the next most senior partner enquired hopefully , invoking what all felt to be the partnership 's most powerful weapon .
‘ have we tried lunch ? ’ the next most senior partner enquired hopefully , [causing/calling on] what all felt to be the partnership 's most powerful weapon .

As part of its drive to put pleasure back into rail travel , Regional Railways is invoking lyricism , literature and local history to capture the scenic flavour of its Great Railway Journeys .
as part of its drive to put pleasure back into rail travel , regional railways is [causing/calling on] lyricism , literature and local history to capture the scenic flavour of its great railway journeys .

He also instructed his parish priests in a letter , leaked to the Irish Times , to have the bishops pastoral Marriage , the Family and Divorce distributed to every home in the archdiocese along with special bidding prayers invoking divine protection for marriages and the guidance of Holy Spirit ‘ at this critical time of decision for families and our country ’ ( Irish Times , 17 May 1986 ) .
he also instructed his parish priests in a letter , leaked to the irish times , to have the bishops pastoral marriage , the family and divorce distributed to every home in the archdiocese along with special bidding prayers [causing/calling on] divine protection for marriages and the guidance of holy spirit ‘ at this critical time of decision for families and our country ’ ( irish times , 17 may 1986 ) .

Society responds with oppression , which it justifies by again invoking myths , scriptures ( quoted or misquoted ) and proverbs , some ancient and some only a few years old , thrown up by the needs of everyday life .
society responds with oppression , which it justifies by again [causing/calling on] myths , scriptures ( quoted or misquoted ) and proverbs , some ancient and some only a few years old , thrown up by the needs of everyday life .

Before leaving England he had been hankering after his American roots , not only in those sections of Ash-Wednesday which recall the New England coast , but also in his prose , invoking , for instance , his old master Josiah Royce , who was now mostly forgotten , ‘ but a great philosopher in his day ’ .
before leaving england he had been hankering after his american roots , not only in those sections of ash-wednesday which recall the new england coast , but also in his prose , [causing/calling on] , for instance , his old master josiah royce , who was now mostly forgotten , ‘ but a great philosopher in his day ’ .

Five months ago it was tens of thousands , quickly to become millions , of Chinese invoking his name as a symbol of the political reforms which their own rulers would not give them .
five months ago it was tens of thousands , quickly to become millions , of chinese [causing/calling on] his name as a symbol of the political reforms which their own rulers would not give them .

The Americans wanted their Philippines bases ; all that was needed was Marcos 's ritual invoking of the Red Menace to make everything possible .
the americans wanted their philippines bases ; all that was needed was marcos 's ritual [causing/calling on] of the red menace to make everything possible .

It is decorated with pierced holes — a feature common on Blackfoot Indian shirts and possibly invoking sacred protection against bullets — and with the uncommon technique of wrapping horsehair in porcupine quills .
it is decorated with pierced holes — a feature common on blackfoot indian shirts and possibly [causing/calling on] sacred protection against bullets — and with the uncommon technique of wrapping horsehair in porcupine quills .

Hadrian had already fortified the city and brought in heavy garrisons for defence ; he now sent to Charles invoking the agreement between the Franks and the papacy .
hadrian had already fortified the city and brought in heavy garrisons for defence ; he now sent to charles [causing/calling on] the agreement between the franks and the papacy .

In talking about Mitch 's picture the girls are invoking a view of themselves as readers .
in talking about mitch 's picture the girls are [causing/calling on] a view of themselves as readers .

In the former , they find expression in land-use patterns , the spatial patterns of agricultural technology including the diffusion of innovations , price-distance relationships of inputs and outputs , spatial patterns of size of landholdings and other more complex ‘ eco-class ’ relationships ( invoking spatial displacement and marginalisation of weaker groups , which will be discussed later ) .
in the former , they find expression in land-use patterns , the spatial patterns of agricultural technology including the diffusion of innovations , price-distance relationships of inputs and outputs , spatial patterns of size of landholdings and other more complex ‘ eco-class ’ relationships ( [causing/calling on] spatial displacement and marginalisation of weaker groups , which will be discussed later ) .

Belsey attempts to unite the poststructuralist and the Marxist parts of her mind by invoking Lacan , Althusser , and Macherey , but signs of strain or outright contradiction are not hard to find .
belsey attempts to unite the poststructuralist and the marxist parts of her mind by [causing/calling on] lacan , althusser , and macherey , but signs of strain or outright contradiction are not hard to find .

One lamentable practice which Crews rightly scorns is the increasingly revived trick or medieval rhetoric in which one attempts to substantiate one 's theoretical argument not by anything so vulgarly empirical as a fact or a text but merely by invoking a name from the sacred pantheon .
one lamentable practice which crews rightly scorns is the increasingly revived trick or medieval rhetoric in which one attempts to substantiate one 's theoretical argument not by anything so vulgarly empirical as a fact or a text but merely by [causing/calling on] a name from the sacred pantheon .

The return proved to be premature because the new Assembly was uneasy at his presence and , invoking the Law of Exile , which was still in force , invited the Prince to leave .
the return proved to be premature because the new assembly was uneasy at his presence and , [causing/calling on] the law of exile , which was still in force , invited the prince to leave .

The dispossessed commoners , invoking the battle-cry ‘ Otmoor for Ever ’ , blackened their faces and went out on to the moor by night to destroy the commissioner 's works .
the dispossessed commoners , [causing/calling on] the battle-cry ‘ otmoor for ever ’ , blackened their faces and went out on to the moor by night to destroy the commissioner 's works .

‘ He outstrips the categories we keep invoking for him , such as ‘ doyen of the Ulster poets ’ or ‘ conscience of the planter tradition ’ . He becomes , instead , the universal poet , servant of the medium , renewer of the forms , discoverer of the nugget of harmony in the language and ourselves … ’
‘ he outstrips the categories we keep [causing/calling on] for him , such as ‘ doyen of the ulster poets ’ or ‘ conscience of the planter tradition ’ . he becomes , instead , the universal poet , servant of the medium , renewer of the forms , discoverer of the nugget of harmony in the language and ourselves … ’

Their petition reached to the walls , clear and pure , low and rhythmic , invoking God , and forgiveness , and pity .
their petition reached to the walls , clear and pure , low and rhythmic , [causing/calling on] god , and forgiveness , and pity .

The company writes to the culprits , invoking the copyright laws as it reads them .
the company writes to the culprits , [causing/calling on] the copyright laws as it reads them .

Last year , without warning , Defense Department officials pounced on a meeting of photo-optical engineers , and , invoking that concept , prohibited the release of some 100 research papers that had previously borne no restrictions .
last year , without warning , defense department officials pounced on a meeting of photo-optical engineers , and , [causing/calling on] that concept , prohibited the release of some 100 research papers that had previously borne no restrictions .

Chandley deals with these observations neatly by invoking something called ‘ affinity ’ .
chandley deals with these observations neatly by [causing/calling on] something called ‘ affinity ’ .

Such dissenters insist that human experiences are not improved , embellished or made any more endurable or enjoyable by invoking ‘ god ’ in some form or other .
such dissenters insist that human experiences are not improved , embellished or made any more endurable or enjoyable by [causing/calling on] ‘ god ’ in some form or other .

Any who dare to question this are quickly dealt with by being accused of faithlessness , invoking that frighteningly powerful guilt feeling instilled into the human mind whilst the individual is still very young , and it is just this abuse of childhood which is so surely the primary cause of failure to reduce the constant renewal of the horrors of war .
any who dare to question this are quickly dealt with by being accused of faithlessness , [causing/calling on] that frighteningly powerful guilt feeling instilled into the human mind whilst the individual is still very young , and it is just this abuse of childhood which is so surely the primary cause of failure to reduce the constant renewal of the horrors of war .

Drink the water at the spring or well , then curl up and go to sleep near the point of issue , after invoking the anima mundi .
drink the water at the spring or well , then curl up and go to sleep near the point of issue , after [causing/calling on] the anima mundi .

It seems to me that this way of looking at things is the only one which allows us to understand the validity of the second law , and the heat death of each individual world , without invoking a unidimensional change of the entire universe from a definite initial state to a final state .
it seems to me that this way of looking at things is the only one which allows us to understand the validity of the second law , and the heat death of each individual world , without [causing/calling on] a unidimensional change of the entire universe from a definite initial state to a final state .

A story from the Talmud beautifully illustrates the folly of invoking original intent in a dispute about the meaning of God ’ s commandments .
a story from the talmud beautifully illustrates the folly of [causing/calling on] original intent in a dispute about the meaning of god ’ s commandments .

To cite Taney on the issue of American nationhood is a bit like invoking Al Capone on the rule of law .
to cite taney on the issue of american nationhood is a bit like [causing/calling on] al capone on the rule of law .

Without yet invoking natural selection to tune the structure and logic , the theory of random Boolean nets is already quite close to the data .
without yet [causing/calling on] natural selection to tune the structure and logic , the theory of random boolean nets is already quite close to the data .

Without invoking consciousness , not because it is not worth invoking but because so little sensible has ever been said on the subject , it seems worth asking how much of this hierarchy could be realized by simple molecular systems , even without evoking nerve cells .
without [causing/calling on] consciousness , not because it is not worth [causing/calling on] but because so little sensible has ever been said on the subject , it seems worth asking how much of this hierarchy could be realized by simple molecular systems , even without evoking nerve cells .

My purpose in invoking the exergonic conversion of PP to P + P is to utilize the loss of free energy in this exergonic reaction to drive the DNA trimer-hexamer reaction beyond its own equilibrium , leading thereby to an excess synthesis of the 3 ’ CCCGGG5 ’ hexamer when compared to its equilibrium concentration .
my purpose in [causing/calling on] the exergonic conversion of pp to p + p is to utilize the loss of free energy in this exergonic reaction to drive the dna trimer-hexamer reaction beyond its own equilibrium , leading thereby to an excess synthesis of the 3 ’ cccggg5 ’ hexamer when compared to its equilibrium concentration .

The country approved Trudeau ’ s tough reaction ; invoking the War Measures Act , he sent in 10,000 troops and arrested 468 militants .
the country approved trudeau ’ s tough reaction ; [causing/calling on] the war measures act , he sent in 10,000 troops and arrested 468 militants .

Shelton told us that such operations are not risk free , invoking the memory of the 1993 `` Black Hawk down '' fiasco in Mogadishu .
shelton told us that such operations are not risk free , [causing/calling on] the memory of the 1993 `` black hawk down '' fiasco in mogadishu .

Invoking President Bush 's own language , Clarke wrote , '' You are left with a modest effort to swat flies , to try to prevent specific al Qida attacks by using [ intelligence ] to detect them and friendly governments ' police and intelligence officers to stop them .
[causing/calling on] president bush 's own language , clarke wrote , '' you are left with a modest effort to swat flies , to try to prevent specific al qida attacks by using [ intelligence ] to detect them and friendly governments ' police and intelligence officers to stop them .

Invoking the second law of thermodynamics and Maxwell 's Demon , the authors lead us through a challenging thesis that concludes that the persistence of life on earth requires both natural selection and niche construction , thereby justifying some of the bold claims for their new theory .
[causing/calling on] the second law of thermodynamics and maxwell 's demon , the authors lead us through a challenging thesis that concludes that the persistence of life on earth requires both natural selection and niche construction , thereby justifying some of the bold claims for their new theory .

Insects defend themselves against parasites and pathogens by invoking a multitude of innate immune responses ( Figure 1 ; for more details , see recent reviews by Hoffmann and Reichhart [ 2002 ] , Hultmark [ 2003 ] , Brennan and Anderson [ 2004 ] , Meister [ 2004 ] , and Theopold et al .
insects defend themselves against parasites and pathogens by [causing/calling on] a multitude of innate immune responses ( figure 1 ; for more details , see recent reviews by hoffmann and reichhart [ 2002 ] , hultmark [ 2003 ] , brennan and anderson [ 2004 ] , meister [ 2004 ] , and theopold et al .

The work appears to provide a novel link between inflammation and insulin resistance , through monocyte derived resistin. ” He points out , however , that “ several other factors also appear to contribute directly to insulin resistance in inflammation ( e.g. , cytokines themselves , without invoking resistin ) so the full biologic implications of the high resistin levels for insulin resistance in humans can not be determined from this study. ” Resistin , it seems , continues to resist easy interpretations .
the work appears to provide a novel link between inflammation and insulin resistance , through monocyte derived resistin. ” he points out , however , that “ several other factors also appear to contribute directly to insulin resistance in inflammation ( e.g. , cytokines themselves , without [causing/calling on] resistin ) so the full biologic implications of the high resistin levels for insulin resistance in humans can not be determined from this study. ” resistin , it seems , continues to resist easy interpretations .

Dogs : Windwalker 's Yes , best in the herding group , did not make self-serving speech invoking the Holocaust .
dogs : windwalker 's yes , best in the herding group , did not make self-serving speech [causing/calling on] the holocaust .

He was invoking the vicious and sinister qualities that make weasels ( along with stoats and ferrets ) such satisfying villains in Kenneth Grahame 's Wind in the Willows , and such pleasingly greasy stooges in David Letterman 's epithet `` record industry weasels . ''
he was [causing/calling on] the vicious and sinister qualities that make weasels ( along with stoats and ferrets ) such satisfying villains in kenneth grahame 's wind in the willows , and such pleasingly greasy stooges in david letterman 's epithet `` record industry weasels . ''

Starr had already forced her to testify for the House prosecutors by invoking her immunity agreement , thereby implicitly threatening her with prosecution .
starr had already forced her to testify for the house prosecutors by [causing/calling on] her immunity agreement , thereby implicitly threatening her with prosecution .

While accusing Clinton of invoking the Iraq conflict to delay the impeachment vote , Republicans invoke the Iraq conflict to expedite the impeachment vote .
while accusing clinton of [causing/calling on] the iraq conflict to delay the impeachment vote , republicans invoke the iraq conflict to expedite the impeachment vote .

On July 10 , he pressed the president for jobs for three more friends , invoking his impeachment vote , just in case Johnson had forgotten .
on july 10 , he pressed the president for jobs for three more friends , [causing/calling on] his impeachment vote , just in case johnson had forgotten .

Neither Pollitt nor Sullivan nor Lear understands that psychoanalysis has been a means of simplifying the mind by presuming sexual and aggressive motives to be invariably primary and by invoking deterministic `` mechanisms '' that always lead to a few banal and arbitrary causative factors .
neither pollitt nor sullivan nor lear understands that psychoanalysis has been a means of simplifying the mind by presuming sexual and aggressive motives to be invariably primary and by [causing/calling on] deterministic `` mechanisms '' that always lead to a few banal and arbitrary causative factors .

The Greeks tempted fate by invoking the names of their superiors on Mount Olympus ; they also swore upon everyday objects whose properties they respected but did not fully understand .
the greeks tempted fate by [causing/calling on] the names of their superiors on mount olympus ; they also swore upon everyday objects whose properties they respected but did not fully understand .

Israeli hawks , invoking the old configuration , blamed this week 's attacks on `` the Palestinians '' in general .
israeli hawks , [causing/calling on] the old configuration , blamed this week 's attacks on `` the palestinians '' in general .

To be sure , in invoking the Holocaust for these ( to me ) worthy and appropriate purposes , those doing so were often led to excess : for example , exaggerating Israel 's peril or American anti-Semitism .
to be sure , in [causing/calling on] the holocaust for these ( to me ) worthy and appropriate purposes , those doing so were often led to excess : for example , exaggerating israel 's peril or american anti-semitism .

By invoking fear and disaster , the `` Good Times '' e-mail finds a soft spot to infect : Anxiety about a hard-disk crash is never far from computer users ' minds .
by [causing/calling on] fear and disaster , the `` good times '' e-mail finds a soft spot to infect : anxiety about a hard-disk crash is never far from computer users ' minds .

Ron Haskins , an influential Republican staff director on the House Ways and Means Committee , has been outspoken in invoking social science to defend this position .
ron haskins , an influential republican staff director on the house ways and means committee , has been outspoken in [causing/calling on] social science to defend this position .

In suddenly invoking the letter of the law , then , the umpires were requiring Merkle to act in a way that he had no reason to believe he was supposed to act .
in suddenly [causing/calling on] the letter of the law , then , the umpires were requiring merkle to act in a way that he had no reason to believe he was supposed to act .

Invoking such defenses publicly would destroy his reputation .
[causing/calling on] such defenses publicly would destroy his reputation .

Indeed , the ad accuses Clinton , rather than his critics , of invoking `` legal mumbo jumbo '' to obscure the immorality of his misconduct .
indeed , the ad accuses clinton , rather than his critics , of [causing/calling on] `` legal mumbo jumbo '' to obscure the immorality of his misconduct .

McNally 's real offense is invoking a great theme and an all-important principle for something as trite and banal as this .
mcnally 's real offense is [causing/calling on] a great theme and an all-important principle for something as trite and banal as this .

The Family Research Council , by `` demonizing '' gays , contributed to Shepard 's death while hypocritically invoking the name of `` Jesus Christ , '' writes New York Times columnist Frank Rich .
the family research council , by `` demonizing '' gays , contributed to shepard 's death while hypocritically [causing/calling on] the name of `` jesus christ , '' writes new york times columnist frank rich .

Lemann wo n't like me invoking them , but in The Bell Curve , Charles Murray and Richard Herrnstein include one fact that starkly illustrates the shift .
lemann wo n't like me [causing/calling on] them , but in the bell curve , charles murray and richard herrnstein include one fact that starkly illustrates the shift .

Ajami is invoking Lawrence knowingly , to underscore what he views as the central Arab quandary .
ajami is [causing/calling on] lawrence knowingly , to underscore what he views as the central arab quandary .

In King 's letter from the Birmingham jail , where he languished for a week in April 1963 , he `` pulled up hope in paired phrases of secular and religious faith , '' repeatedly invoking `` constitutional and God-given rights '' in a `` characteristically American ... notion of divine sanction for democratic values . ''
in king 's letter from the birmingham jail , where he languished for a week in april 1963 , he `` pulled up hope in paired phrases of secular and religious faith , '' repeatedly [causing/calling on] `` constitutional and god-given rights '' in a `` characteristically american ... notion of divine sanction for democratic values . ''

For instance , we are told that `` foreign policy was secondary [ to German unity ] in Hitler 's intentions , '' although Hitler saw these aims as inseparable -- invoking , in Mein Kampf , Germany 's need for `` living space '' ( lebensraum ) and her `` moral right to acquire foreign land and soil . ''
for instance , we are told that `` foreign policy was secondary [ to german unity ] in hitler 's intentions , '' although hitler saw these aims as inseparable -- [causing/calling on] , in mein kampf , germany 's need for `` living space '' ( lebensraum ) and her `` moral right to acquire foreign land and soil . ''

Growth & Jobs follows the Reaganesque strategy of invoking Kennedy 's words on behalf of a very different kind of tax cut .
growth & jobs follows the reaganesque strategy of [causing/calling on] kennedy 's words on behalf of a very different kind of tax cut .

Although the amount of direct U.S. aid is minuscule , the Times and Journal explain that the Clinton administration is considering invoking a 1994 federal law that would , besides cutting off aid , also bar billions in American bank loans and World Bank and IMF aid .
although the amount of direct u.s. aid is minuscule , the times and journal explain that the clinton administration is considering [causing/calling on] a 1994 federal law that would , besides cutting off aid , also bar billions in american bank loans and world bank and imf aid .

Indeed , such concerns explicitly followed him to Africa : The NYT states that reporters touring the village with Clinton asked if he was invoking executive privilege in the Monica Lewinsky matter .
indeed , such concerns explicitly followed him to africa : the nyt states that reporters touring the village with clinton asked if he was [causing/calling on] executive privilege in the monica lewinsky matter .

Meanwhile , says the Post , his grand jury investigation focused on Monica Lewinsky 's federal job history , with a potential wrangle over the possible invoking of executive privilege by certain senior Clinton aides still on hold .
meanwhile , says the post , his grand jury investigation focused on monica lewinsky 's federal job history , with a potential wrangle over the possible [causing/calling on] of executive privilege by certain senior clinton aides still on hold .

Back to the Arkansas shootings for a sec : The papers , having learned the suspects ' names from school sources , opt to use them rather than invoking the usual juvenile court practice of anonymity .
back to the arkansas shootings for a sec : the papers , having learned the suspects ' names from school sources , opt to use them rather than [causing/calling on] the usual juvenile court practice of anonymity .

This is a cheerful thought , but it also means that invoking covert productivity increases does n't help explain why even measured inflation remains quiescent .
this is a cheerful thought , but it also means that [causing/calling on] covert productivity increases does n't help explain why even measured inflation remains quiescent .

Invoking decorous values like self-restraint , decency , respect , personal and parental responsibility , and compassion has become an American pastime .
[causing/calling on] decorous values like self-restraint , decency , respect , personal and parental responsibility , and compassion has become an american pastime .

I 've never met a psychiatrist clumsy enough to use the words `` Oedipal conflict '' with a patient , let alone to explain it by invoking Sophocles , but this dumb bit is worth it to watch De Niro blanch , shake his head in disgust at the thought of Oedipus and his mom , and exclaim , `` Fuckin ' Greece . ''
i 've never met a psychiatrist clumsy enough to use the words `` oedipal conflict '' with a patient , let alone to explain it by [causing/calling on] sophocles , but this dumb bit is worth it to watch de niro blanch , shake his head in disgust at the thought of oedipus and his mom , and exclaim , `` fuckin ' greece . ''

To beat the partisanship rap , several Republican leaders are invoking Democrats as their allies against Clinton .
to beat the partisanship rap , several republican leaders are [causing/calling on] democrats as their allies against clinton .

The trick in invoking such analogies is to ignore the differences : that the war in Kosovo is being waged by 19 countries against one ; that no superpower is willing to prop up the targeted country ; and that today 's air power and surveillance are vastly more precise than the `` bombing '' technology used in Vietnam .
the trick in [causing/calling on] such analogies is to ignore the differences : that the war in kosovo is being waged by 19 countries against one ; that no superpower is willing to prop up the targeted country ; and that today 's air power and surveillance are vastly more precise than the `` bombing '' technology used in vietnam .

The British playwright co-wrote the screenplay for Shakespeare in Love , and over the past few months a number of my friends have tried to excite my interest in the movie by invoking this fact .
the british playwright co-wrote the screenplay for shakespeare in love , and over the past few months a number of my friends have tried to excite my interest in the movie by [causing/calling on] this fact .

When invoking this concern , it is not necessary to specify -- and indeed it is hard to imagine -- what conclusion short of victory a guy like you , who flings around terms like `` exit strategy , '' would find minimally satisfactory .
when [causing/calling on] this concern , it is not necessary to specify -- and indeed it is hard to imagine -- what conclusion short of victory a guy like you , who flings around terms like `` exit strategy , '' would find minimally satisfactory .

That Clinton staff attorney Lanny Breuer is invoking executive privilege to keep from having a Starr grand jury sit-down , the WP usefully documents the White House 's legal tacking by quoting White House counsel Charles Ruff 's comments from two months ago : `` We have no intention of asserting the privilege , executive privilege , in any situation that I 'm aware of . ''
that clinton staff attorney lanny breuer is [causing/calling on] executive privilege to keep from having a starr grand jury sit-down , the wp usefully documents the white house 's legal tacking by quoting white house counsel charles ruff 's comments from two months ago : `` we have no intention of asserting the privilege , executive privilege , in any situation that i 'm aware of . ''

In my own family Spoonerisms flourished luxuriantly for many years , and we hardly spoke of the weather , for instance , without invoking their oblique charm : It 's rotting with Spain , or perhaps more frequently ( it was in the English Midlands , which as Hilaire Belloc said are sodden and unkind ) : It 's roaring with pain .
in my own family spoonerisms flourished luxuriantly for many years , and we hardly spoke of the weather , for instance , without [causing/calling on] their oblique charm : it 's rotting with spain , or perhaps more frequently ( it was in the english midlands , which as hilaire belloc said are sodden and unkind ) : it 's roaring with pain .

Is it possible that M & S are serious in invoking Archie Bunker , the archbigot of all time , as a model of understanding and a paragon of modern English usage ?
is it possible that m & s are serious in [causing/calling on] archie bunker , the archbigot of all time , as a model of understanding and a paragon of modern english usage ?

Any restrictive tampering with language in America immediately prompts a knee-jerk reaction invoking the Amendment , which it would not be inappropriate to quote here :
any restrictive tampering with language in america immediately prompts a knee-jerk reaction [causing/calling on] the amendment , which it would not be inappropriate to quote here :

I was especially interested in the results you got when invoking the SUGGEST option in the program 's spelling checker .
i was especially interested in the results you got when [causing/calling on] the suggest option in the program 's spelling checker .

